{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16565676", "title": "Election Commission mulls early November polls in Himachal to avoid snow", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the temperature in higher reaches of Himachal Pradesh already plummeting to sub-zero levels, the Election Commission is considering holding the state assembly poll in early November. The home ministry is expected to finalize the central force deployment details with the EC in a day or two, paving the way for announcement of polls in Himachal Pradesh and Gujarat.Though the EC has almost completed the formalities ahead of declaration of the state polls, it is awaiting the force availability details from the MHA to take a final call on the schedule, particularly the phasing of polls. While the commission is keen to have a single-phase poll in the Himalayan state, it is looking at a two-phased affair in Gujarat.Though the EC was until now considering scheduling the Himachal polls just before Diwali, which falls on November 13, the early onset of chill in the snow-prone areas of the state has left it wondering if polling there would be possible at that point of time. With the higher reaches of Kinnaur, Lahaul-Spiti and Bharmour expected to receive heavy snowfall in the coming weeks, the EC fears that movement of poll personnel and election material may not be feasible after mid-November.Though the Himachal poll may be wound up in early November, the polls in Gujarat will be staggered and may stretch to the second half of November or even early December. The EC is hoping to complete the Gujarat poll in two phases, provided its requirement of 60,000 troops to watch over the democratic exercise is met. MHA sources, however, said the requirement will be met to a large extent by the state forces itself, with central forces contributing the remaining numbers.Incidentally, the availability of central paramilitary personnel is limited this time due to their pre-occupation with duties in Assam (in the wake of the communal tension there), Jammu and Kashmir as well as the need for greater vigil in the festive season.The EC had a meeting with home secretary R K Singh on September 14 to convey its force requirements. The MHA has since worked out the availability of forces but is awaiting final approval by Singh after he returns from his official visit to Maldives on Wednesday night.In 2007, Himachal polls were staggered over two phases on November 14 and December 19, while Gujarat polled in two stages on December 11 and 16. The month-long gap between the Himachal phases was kept to enable early polling in the snow-prone regions of Lahaul-Spiti, Kinnaur and Bharmour, even as polling in the rest of the state was clubbed with Gujarat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16563784", "title": "Civic loss, business gain", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The face of Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) for almost two decades, deputy municipal commissioner Captain Dilip Mahajan is leaving for Reliance Industries Limited (RIL) as its corporate affairs head in Ahmedabad. Mahajan will be the second deputy municipal commissioner to leave for RIL after DyMC Pinakin Dixit.Mahajan, a former army captain, was known for his networking and as hard taskmaster when he headed various zones of the city. He was dreaded by juniors for his 'surprise visits', a tactic often used by former municipal commissioner Keshav Verma in the late 1990s for inspection of road construction projects.Mahajan was always AMC's go-to man, especially when it came to liaising with the central government, corporate bodies and for international events. In short, he was AMC's brand manager. \"He had excellent tools for social marketing of every AMC project. Two municipal commissioners, Verma and then B K Sinha made Mahajan responsible for major civic drives during their tenure. Mahajan had shot into the limelight after the High Court passed orders for quick implementation BRTS and CNG conversion of public buses and autorickshaws. \"There were mass awareness campaigns then. There were deadlines to be met in BRTS implementation and conversion of AMTS buses to CNG. Ahmedabad was rated the most polluted city in the country then. It was during this time that Mahajan was officially designated as AMC's troubleshooter.\"\"After he finished a course in finance from IIM-A, he was involved in the property tax revamp in the late 1990s. Both U C Padia and Mahajan were part of the core team that formulated the carpet area based property tax formula - a major move to end corruption in tax assessment. It was during this time that Verma made the AMC credit-worthy and the first such municipal bonds in the country worth Rs 100 crore were issued. This all happened during Mahajan's tenure in finance,\" says a close colleague. Mahajan was put in charge of the much-prized Sabarmati Riverfront Development Corporation Limited (SRFDCL). \"His job was to ensure timely construction of the riverfront and rehabilitation of slum clusters. Both were completed in a time-bound manner. He managed the Congress and the BJP well at the AMC, In fact it was the recent spat with his senior colleagues in the AMC that had set him thinking to leave AMC early,\" claims this officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16563193", "title": "Special Task Force guns down sharp-shooter", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Special Task Force (STF) of the Uttar Pradesh Police (UPP) on Wednesday shot dead a fugitive in an ambush in Muzaffarnagar. Identified as Dharmendra alias Lalla of Dhukauli village in Chandinagar police circle of Baghpat, the slain gangster carried a cash reward of Rs 1 lakh on his head. Among his latest acts of crime were murders of a deputy jailor in Meerut and of a chairman of a local body in Baghpat Hirendra Singh.A 9mm pistol, six bullets shells and three live cartridges were recovered from his possession.Additional director general of police (ADG) STF Jagmohan Yadav said the encounter took place after specific information about Lalla's movement in Muzaffarnagar early mor-ning on Wednesday. A listed sharp-shooter of mafia don Sushil Moochh, Lalla had more than 25 criminal cases pending against him and was wanted in seven criminal cases lodged since he escaped from judicial custody in 2007.\"The tip-off was that he was going to Khanad village in Phugna police circle of Muzaffarnagar to execute a contract killing for which he had accepted Rs 10 lakh. When the STF team intercepted him outside the village as he was going on a motorcycle, his associate Lalla opened fire. \"In the retaliatory firing, Lalla was shot at while Sushil managed to escape from the site. Lalla was taken to the district hospital where doctors pronounced him brought dead,\" said additional superintendent of police (ASP) STF Anant Deo who spearheaded the operation.Senior officials said Lalla was sharp-shooter and it was rare any of his targets survived. A case was lodged with the Fhugna police in Muzaffarnagar in connection with the encounter and the body of Lalla was sent for post-mortem examination after which it was handed over to his family members and cremated in police presence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16563960", "title": "Centre puts CM on march alert", "text": "HYDERABAD: Even as the battle lines are getting drawn between the Telangana JAC and the security personnel over the proposed Chalo Hyderabad march by the former on September 30, the Centre has mounted tremendous pressure on chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy and has made it clear that it is his sole responsibility to ensure that no violence takes place in Hyderabad on the eve of the biodiversity conference slated to begin here on October 1.While AICC functionaries spoke to the chief minister on Tuesday night during his Krishna district visit, state government sources said the Centre has made it clear to them that any unrest on the eve of the conference will have disastrous consequences not only for the state but for the country as well. \"Any US travel advisory urging its citizens not to travel to Hyderabad and India would lower the image of the country in the eyes of the world and disrupt the summit that has been planned over a year ago. If the US issues such an advisory, the other western countries will follow suit. The chief minister and the state should take all steps to ensure that such a thing does not happen. This was what was communicated to us by the Centre on Tuesday,\" a state government official told TOI. What is worrisome for the state is that the Centre made it clear that any pre-march violence or unrest will not be tolerated.After his day-long telephonic parleys with Telangana ministers and leaders on Tuesday yielded no fruit, an embattled Kiran Kumar is slated to resume his negotiations with the T leaders once he returns to Hyderabad on Thursday evening after completing his three-day Indiramma Baata in Krishna district. \"The next 72 hours will be very crucial not only for the chief minister, but for AP and the country as well,\" said sources.According to the sources, the CM was galvanized into action after the Congress high command told him on Tuesday night that the reports they have been getting about the Chalo Hyderabad march do not match with the rosy picture being painted by him. Stung by the ticking off, Kiran Kumar on Wednesday morning telephoned his deputy C Damodar Raja Narasimha, panchayat raj minister K Jana Reddy, and senior Congress leader K Keshava Rao and urged them to prevail upon the TJAC to postpone the march.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "16564828", "title": "Once a tourist spot, Kechki forest house now in shambles", "text": "DALTONGANJ: The Kechki forest rest house, situated on the confluence of two rain fed rivers Auranga and Koyal, is in a state of utter neglect. Sources said that the rest house has remained unavailabe to tourists for night stay for the last four or five years. The place does not have any basic amenity. Besides, security is also a major concern.There are apprehensions about the historic place crumbling with the passage of time. D S Srivastava, a member of the steering committee of Project Elephant said, \"Way back in 1978 - 79, celebrated filmmaker Satyajit Ray had shot his film 'Aranyer Din Ratri' in this this rest house but given its present condition, it may soon be a thing of the past.\"Premjit Anand, core conservator of Palamu Tiger Reserve (PTR) conceded that lack of funds had badly affected the upkeep of the rest house. Anand is still confident about the fact that if the local villagers are entrusted with the upkeep of the rest house, it will soon regain its former glory. \"Locals will keep it going for their own financial needs as influx of tourists will mean a flow of cash to the villages,\" he said.Sources said that during the tenureship of the former field director, PTR A N Prasad, there was a village body here which looked after the Kechki rest house and catered to the needs of the tourists who spent their days and nights here, by way of serving meals and snacks. \"After his departure, the PTR officials forgot about the forest rest house,\" lamented Srivastava.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16567756", "title": "KJo, Gauri, SRK, Lolo at Chunkey\u2019s bash", "text": "Stars dazzled at the actor's residence for a surprise 48th b'day party, though the electricity gave up midwayChunkey Pandey celebrated his 48th birthday bash with his friends from the industry on Tuesday night. And when we called him up the next day, he finally answered at 5.55 pm and said, \"Good morning, I have just got up.\" The birthday boy hadn't recovered from the night's revelries. After all, Mirror found out that the bash went on till five in the morning. Hosted by his wife Bhavna, Chunkey's birthday was a star studded affair indeed. One of the first few people to arrive was Farah Khan. And then by midnight, A-list actors and filmmakers from the industry started pouring in. \"Chunkey had no clue about this surprise party. He took his wife out for dinner at a suburban hotel that evening. After they came back home, he realised that something was afoot. And then the guests started pouring in. There was Hrithik and Sussanne Roshan, Arjun and Mehr Rampal, Karan Johar , Gauri and Shah Rukh Khan, Sameer and Neelam Soni, Goldie Behl with wife Sonali Bendre and even Karisma Kapoor, who incidentally arrived in a Rolls Royce,\" said a source from the party.A heavily pregnant Amrita Arora was accompanied by husband Shakeel Ladakh and sister Malaika Arora Khan. Sohail and Seema Khan were also around. Others spotted at the big bash were Ritesh Sidhwani , Bunty Walia, Karim Morani and Jackie Shroff.Though the party glowed with a galaxy of stars, the lights went out midway. And the entire building was shrouded in darkness for a good one hour. The party had to shift to the balcony. And the entire house was lit up with candles. \"I thought my wife had planned some surprise for me. Maybe hot women will materialise from somewhere. But then I realised there was a power cut,\" Chunkey recalled.And with some exotic food served to the guests, the party went on till morning. But for Chunkey it's not over yet. \"I am taking my family out for dinner tonight. It's going to be some good Chinese food. Last night, I had a blast. I never felt this important,\" signed off the birthday boy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16563854", "title": "Govt retreats as state workers threaten 'mass leave' stir", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In a major climbdown, and with an eye on the polls, the Gujarat government has conveyed to state employees' representatives - who have announced a mass casual leave programme for Thursday - that it was \"ready\" to negotiate.The government said on Wednesday that it could consider the employees' demands of taking back certain police cases initiated against their leaders, as also the cases of punishment-transfers effected against some. About 10 lakh employees have been demanding that the government implement the 6th pay commission's recommendations.Realizing the threat, the state government has already started to build pressure on various employee unions. Union leaders say if their demands are not met, they along with their families will vote against the ruling party.\"Now we are planning group meetings at the district and taluka levels against the Modi government,\" said an employee leader on the condition of anonymity. \"Our demands are genuine and never in the history of Gujarat have employees gone on a strike on such a scale. But this government is very arrogant, autocratic, and never believes in dialogue.\" He said that apart from doing regular work, employees are required to work for Modi's rallies and festivals. He said the strike of this kind was the last resort. \"But if the government does not want to change its attitude, then we have to work hard for changing the government,\" he said. \"They should not underestimate our strength.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16564548", "title": "Madhya Pradesh board to introduce psychology in schools", "text": "BHOPAL: In what would come as a distressing measure for students appearing for board exams, the MP Board plans to introduce students to psychology. More as a counselling, the students will be prepared to tackle pre and post mental stress and exhaustion that the board examinations entail.\"It is a common phenomenon that students get stressed out before and after the board examinations. Hence, the board is planning to introduce psychology so that they are equipped to combat the stress,\" secretary of the MP Board of Secondary Education (MPBSE) Santosh Misra said.\"The blue print of the subject is being drawn up now. Psychology may be introduced from the next session. The proposal would be sent to the state government as well,\" he added.Every year, the MPBSE sets up a counselling helpline a couple of months before the exams so that students can discuss their exam-related fears and confusions. The helpline remains operational till after the declaration of results. as students voice their frustrations and angst if their exams were not up to the mark.Even then, around half a dozen cases of suicide by students are reported from all over the state. The move is being seen as a step to check such incidents.In addition to this, a subject may be introduced in the diploma in education (D. Ed) course, according to sources in the board. Sources add that suggestions are being taken from educationists for the subject matter. Besides, retired professors of psychology would also be consulted before the framework of the subject is drafted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "16562318", "title": "Two Naxalites arrested", "text": "GONDIA: Police on Tuesday arrested a deputy commander and a member of the Darrekasa Dalam, near ITI in Salekasa. The police had been on the lookout for them for last three days.The district superintendent of police Dilip Zalke applauded the additional SP of Deori, Vishwa Pansare and his anti-Naxal squad for their achievement on Wednesday.Zalke said that the police had received information that some top Naxal leaders were going to come to Darrekasa-Salekasa main road on a recon mission. So the cops lay in wait for the Naxals. The ambush was in place for three days. On Tuesday evening they succeeded in arresting platoon vice commander Badaru Rajwanshi Sirsam (24) and a member of Darekasa Dalam Santaram Mahaaru Madawi (21).A country-made pistol, knife and some other weapons were seized from them. The cops also confiscated some pamphlets demanding release of top Naxal leaders have also been seized.Badru is reported to have confessed to committing 17 crimes while Santaram confessed to eight crimes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "16563361", "title": "Police release Mapusa murder suspect's sketch", "text": "MAPUSA: The police have released a sketch of one of the suspects involved in the September 16 theft and murder case at a jewellery shop in Mapusa at 1.30pm. They have also announced a reward of 25,000 to anyone who provides valuable information to help them solve the case.\"The identity of the informant will be kept a secret,\" SP North Vijay Singh said.He added, \"The sketch has been released based on the information obtained. One of the prominent features of the suspect is a black mole on his left cheek.\"Ratnakar Raikar, a goldsmith, was stabbed to death and gold ornaments weighing 3kg, worth 90 lakh were stolen from his shop at Koskar building, Taliwada, Mapusa.Stating that the police do not want to divulge any more information at this point, Singh said, \"We are collecting, compiling and analyzing information on a day-to-day basis and have made some headway into the case. An extensive manhunt is on.\"The daylight dacoity had shocked everyone across the state, especially in Mapusa. The police are keeping a check at hotels , guesthouses, railway stations and bus stops. A watch is also being kept on jewellery shops.The Goa police have also sought the help of their counterparts in the neighbouring states of Karnataka and Maharashtra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16554103", "title": "Ranbir wants to get married!", "text": "Ranbir Kapoor the star of the latest hit Barfi! had a fun time chatting with host of a private FM rafio channel.Ranbir revealed on the show, \"I always think that I will get true love in my life, I hope I can really find that person soon with whom I can live my whole life.\" When the host further asked him that is Ranbir ready to settle down at this stage in his life, Ranbir said, \"If I meet the right person, I would love to get married!\"The RJ found it very cute when he heard that Ranbir had actually tattooed his mother's name, Ranbir replied that when he saw Priyanka's tattoo which read Daddy's lil girl, he felt left out so he wrote Mumma's big boy with a pen. When the RJ asked him why with a pen, Ranbir who was at his wittiest best said: \"Since I get linked everyday, I might as well keep changing the name of the girls with a pen than a permanent Tattoo.\"Ranbir also confided in his really soft side to listeners saying, \"Whenever I'm with my niece, I always show her my videos and scenes online, because I want her to get used to me and only like me as her favorite actor! I would feel really hurt, if she grew up and took some one else's name as her favorite actor other than mine.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16569731", "title": "Who is actually insulting Islam?", "text": "The whole Muslim world-especially the Middle East-has been on fire for days. This fire was caused by a wave of anger that saw not only the USA and Israeli flags burning, but also the killing of many innocent people, including Christopher Stevens, the US ambassador to Libya. Why do Muslims feel so much anger and hatred against America and Israel? Did the USA or Israel drop an atomic bomb in the holy city of Mecca? Did Pope Benedict XVI declare a crusade on Islam, like his predecessor Pope Urban II? The answer is no. So, why this fire? Surprisingly, this fire was caused by a film, more specifically a YouTube video, \"Innocence of Muslims\". It was privately produced by Nakoula, a 55-year-old notorious man who committed many crimes, including bank fraud in 2010.Nakoula seems to have made the most negative movie possible. The film sensationalizes matters that are concerned with making Prophet Muhammad look bad. It portrays him as a womanizer and religious fake, despite the fact that Islam does not allow the depiction of its prophet. Does \"Innocence of Muslims\" represent the truth? No. Should we be angry? Absolutely not. Why not? To answer this, we need to analyze a deeper question-who is actually insulting Islam? Let's see.How in the world has a YouTube video, created by a criminal, made the whole Muslim world turn upside down? I asked Nobel Laureate Muhammad Yunus. He replied with his own question, \"When do the lives of 15 million people have a greater value than 1.3 billion?\" Upon hearing such a quantitative answer, I was clueless. Yunus added, \"Well, if 1.6 billion people suddenly disappear, the world will not be affected that much. However, if 14 million people vanished, the world would suffer very much.\" It took me a few hours to understand Yunus's analogy.Yunus actually made a comparison between the total number of Muslims and Jews. The total number of Muslims is about 1.6 billion and the total number of Jews is about 14 million. The total population of the earth at present is over 6.8 billion. Among those, 2.1 billion are Christian, 1.6 billion are the followers of Islam, and there are only 14 million Jewish believers. More precisely, I would say 21% of the world's total population is Muslim, whereas 0.2% is Jewish. In every kind of mathematical problem a value of 21% is more than 0.2%. So the world would be in catastrophic crisis if 21% of its population suddenly disappeared, rather than 0.2%. After thinking about this, I wondered what point Yunus was trying to make. This reminded me of another Nobel Laureate, Abdus Salam.In 1980, Salam published his book, Gauge Unification Fundamental Forces , a modest proposal to empower Muslims to re-enter the world of math, science and technology, before they became utterly marginalized. The grave humor of his extreme proposal was to remind Muslims about the consequences of neglecting education and focusing too much on religion, including hatred toward Christian and Jews. Yunus' quantitative analysis on Muslims' violent response to a YouTube video was so fantastic that at first, I thought the analysis was satire in the tradition of Salam. Let's look at this analogy in detail.Until now, a total of 830 people have won the Nobel Prize. Among them, the number of Jewish people is 185, and number of Muslims that are Nobel Laureates is 10. According to my math, 1 out of 20 Laureates should have been Muslims. If that were so, among 830 Laureates, Muslims should have received at least 166 Nobel Prizes. However, the reality is not even close to those expectations. Muslims neither attained 166 nor 100-they won only 10 Nobel Prizes! On the other hand, as per the numbers I calculated that were representative of the population, the Jewish believers should not have attained more than 3 or 4 Nobel Prizes. Yet they attained more than 185. Upon realizing this fact, I instantly understood Yunus' analogy, and was filled with shame and guilt as a Muslim.The question is obvious. What are the Muslims doing? Look at the Middle East. Look at Pakistan or Bangladesh, or any other Muslim country, and you will find the answer. They are now busy chanting a slogan: \"Obama! Obama! We are all Osama!\" \"I don't think these are Muslims-these are Peter Pans of Islam: the little children who refused to grow up,\" said Dr. Daniel Kabat, a theoretical physicist and cosmologist with whom I am collaborating on a physics book.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16565855", "title": "Workshop helps students keep abreast of job market", "text": "MYSORe: The daylong workshop, Convergence- 3I, organized by the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII), on Wednesday provided the much-needed platform for students to know about the industries' expectations from graduates. \"Despite having educational qualifications, many graduates fail to get employment, because they lack certain skills. This workshop is aimed at bridging the gap between industry and academia. Providing students an insight about professional requirements is important,\" CII zonal head T Dinesh Kumar said. Resource persons from major companies in and around Mysore explained students the skills they must posses to build a career. \"Apart from being knowledgeable and skilled, they must have an attitude to work in any condition and be competitive,\" Infosys representative R N Prasad said. According to Jubilant Life Sciences human resources manager Senthilkumar A, many graduates have good subject knowledge, but they lack attitude to work efficiently. Institutes should focus on developing a positive attitude towards work among students, he said. \"We do not want to spend time training freshers for two to three months. We expect them to be ready with required qualities so that we can start a project as soon as we hire them. They have to posses analytical skills along with communication skills,\" representative from Software Paradigms Thomas V J said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16565936", "title": "Panic despite fall in water level", "text": "GUWAHATI: Jayanti Das and her eight-year-old son, Anirban, couldn't sleep for the last 48 hours as they are in constant fear that the swelling water level of the Brahmaputra will damage their home in the Amingaon area here. Like Jayanti, many families in areas located near the banks of the river are in panic after water entered their houses.According to Kamrup (Metro) district administration, at least 46 villages and four wards are still reeling under floods. However, with no fresh rain and fall in the river's water level, the administration hoped that the situation will improve in the next 24 hours.\"The Chandrapur area has been worst hit in the floods. At least 21 villages in the area have been affected. Till now at least 62, 500 people have been hit Kamrup (Metro) district alone. We have distributed rice, wheat, salt and cattle food,\" said additional district commissioner D Das.On Tuesday, the Brahmaputra inched closer to the busy MG road in the Fancy Bazar stretch of the city. On Wednesday, the water level of the river here was recorded at 50.73 meter.\"The water level has stared to decrease at least 33 cm per day since Wednesday morning,\" said Khagen Deka, the executive engineer of state water resources department. However, areas like Pandunath, Puroni Bazar, Railway Colony no 5 and 6, Sadilapur, Chanapatty, Garigaon and Amingaon are still under water.\"We have set up three shelter camps for the affected people at Maligaon and Pandu. We have provided food to the affected people as their kitchens are under water,\" said Dijen Lahkar of Pandu Ward No. 7 Nagarik Committee.AGP members, too, also distributed relief material among 130 families in the Amingaon area on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16563372", "title": "'Efforts needed to overcome challenges'", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief of Army Staff (COAS) General Bikram Singh arrived here on Tuesday on a two-day visit to Headquarters Central Command. Lt Gen Anil Chait, General Officer Commanding-in-Chief (GOC-in-C), Central Command, briefed the Army Chief on the state of operational preparedness of the Central Army. Gen Bikram Singh later interacted with senior functionaries of Central Command and addressed officers of the station on contemporary challenges being faced by the Army, collective efforts required in overcoming these and requirement of carrying forward the core values of honesty, truthfulness, sincerity, commitment and dedication to the organisation. He also emphasised the need to return to the basics of soldiering with emphasis on discipline and espirit-de-corps. He reiterated the need to ensure financial probity, inclusive decision making through collective wisdom, austerity and buddy system. The Army chief also emphasised on value based leadership, as per the legacy of the Indian Army and the requirement of regular interaction with veterans to imbibe the rich ethos of our predecessors.In his interaction with ex-servicemen later, the Army chief assured them of concerted efforts towards amelioration of their problems during this 'Year of Veterans'. During the visit, Gen Bikram Singh made a courtesy call on the chief minister Akhilesh Yadav and thanked him for all the support extended by the government of Uttar Pradesh for the welfare of ex-servicemen and the Army. The Army chief was accompanied by Bubbles Singh, President, Army Family Welfare Organisation (AFWO), who interacted with Army ladies of the garrison and extolled them to focus on welfare measures for Veer Naris and families living in separated accomodation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16565099", "title": "Ybrant's $175m deal with Experian falls flat", "text": "HYDERABAD: City-based Ybrant Digital's much-vaunted $175 million deal to buy three comparative shopping websites from UK-based Experian Plc appears to have fallen through after it failed to keep the deadline to pay for the acquisitions.Ybrant had in early May announced that it had struck its largest deal so far by entering into an agreement to purchase PriceGrabber, LowerMyBills, and ClassesUSA.com from Experian for $100 million in cash and a deferred payment of $75 million.While Experian said termed the expiration of final deadline for payment as a breach of contract, Ybrant Digital on Wednesday informed the bourses that the proposed deal could not be completed in the committed timeline.\"The proposed deal to buy the Experian properties could not be completed within the committed timeline. The company is working towards the same and shall notify the exchange as soon as some concrete developments occur,\" Ybrant Digital informed the Bombay Stock Exchange .In its announcement on Wednesday, Experian said: \"Following the expiration of the final deadline Ybrant Digital has failed to comply with its obligation to close the transaction and Experian considers Ybrant Digital to be in breach of contract. We continue to explore options to sell the businesses, which remain non-core to Experian, and a further announcement will be made in due course.\"While Ybrant Digital chairman and CEO Suresh Reddy could not be reached for comment, at the time of announcing the deal, he had said the company had already got $100 million loan commitments from Credit Suisse and ICICI and planned to raise the rest through the QIP route.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "16562306", "title": "Nationalist Congress Party leaders back Ajit Pawar", "text": "WARDHA: While extending support to Ajit Pawar, who resigned from the post of deputy chief minister following controversy over his role in clearing several irrigation projects, local Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) leaders did not spare its ally Congress for the turn of events.Addressed a press conference on Wednesday at district NCP office, NCP leader Sudhir Pangul said, \"Pawar's decision shows transparency in his dealings, but tainted Congress leaders stick to their chairs. Every wing of the Wardha district unit of NCP stands by Pawar.\"Samir Deshmukh, son of Wardha NCP MLA Suresh Deshmukh, who is also vice-president of Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation, refused to comment saying that we are in a meeting. However, Suresh Deshmukh is believed to be supporting Pawar.Cyclist on peace mission dies in accidentRajesh Nathubhai Buddhadeo, cyclist who had started off from Porbandar, Gujarat, for Amarnath on a cycle to promote peace in the country, died in a road accident near Selu on Tuesday.Buddhadeo, 55, had left Porbandar on June 2. On Tuesday evening, on way to Wardha from Nagpur, a truck (MP20 HB2258) hit Buddhadeo from back. Nearby residents admitted him to Selu rural hospital and referred to Sewagram hospital where the doctors declared him died.The PI of Selu, GB Bisane, said, \"Buddhadeo was a resident of Ahmedabad. He had started off from Porbandar. The accident occurred while he was heading to Sewagram Ashram. His cycle and belongings are in Selu police station.\" Meanwhile, police are trying to contact his relatives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "bikaner", "code": "16564603", "title": "Engine of Bhatina-Jodhpur passenger train caught fire; passengers remained stranded for 4 hours", "text": "BIKANER: Panic prevailed among the passengers of the Bhatinda -Jodhpur passenger train when its engine caught fire between Palana and Udramsar railway station, almost 28 kms from here on Tuesday morning. At least 600 passengers boarded in the train remained stranded for almost 4 hours. Thankfully no injuries or causality was reported as the fire from the engine was doused by the railway and district rescue team.At 7.30 am when the train coming from Bhatinda departed for Palana railway station, the two drivers of the engine spotted some smoke coming out of the engine. Expecting the worst, one of the drivers applied the emergency brakes. When the train stopped almost 28 kms away from Bikaner railway station the whole engine got fire and the two drivers jumped off the train, according to the railway authorities.\"Raising an alarm the guard of the train intimated the nearby station master who later informed about it to the Bikaner railway station. Without waiting for the relief wagon to come at the spot the drivers with the help of passengers started putting water and mud on the train to ensure the fire may not go towards the passenger wagon which was next to the engine,\" said a senior police officer of the GRP police who rushed to the spot.The Bikaner district administration all rushed two fire brigade vehicles from Deshnok and Palana town which started extinguished the fire, officials said.Hues and cries of the passengers were witnessed, however they were relieved when realized that fire did not spread out to the wagons.\"Though it took almost an hour to douse the fire, the passengers were stranded as the engine on fire was badly damaged. It took the railways almost 4 hours to send an extra engine for the train. Finally at 11.45 when the engine arrived, the train left for Jodhpur,\" said an officer with the district police.Meanwhile, the primary reports suggested that the leakage in fuel was the main reason behind the fire. \"A probe of the fire incident would be carried out by the senior authorities of the Jodhpur division of north western railways,\" said an officer with the north western railways(NWR).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16563835", "title": "GTDC chief refutes allegations", "text": "PANAJI: Refuting allegations that Goan water sports operators were being portrayed in negative light, Goa tourism development corporation chairman Nilesh Cabral said the GTDC will go ahead with the decision of empanelment of the operators.Addressing mediapersons, Cabral said the process was \"transparent\" and \"only 4-5 parties had shown interest.\"Cabral said the empanelment was done after HC directions and also since GTDC had to provide \"allied services like water sports\" to its customers.Without naming Vijai Sardessai, he criticised the Fatorda MLA who had taken up the issue stating, \"If he (Sardessai) was really interested, he would have come and sorted out the issue.\"Cabral also said that the 5% commission that the operators will have to pay the GTDC was towards charges for paying GTDC staff who will be handling the work.He said he was willing to have another round of empanelment for the operators but they were not interested in the same.Claiming that the empanelment was done in a transparent manner, Cabral said anybody was free to obtain the documents concerning the process.He said the Goa tourism development corporation will implement the system on some beaches first and if the system was successful, it will be extended to other beaches. He also mooted an authority with powers to suspend licenses of water sports operators who were violating regulations.Countering allegations that non-Goan operators like Drishti had been appointed, Cabral said there was no clause restricting the empanelment only to Goan operators. The South Goa water sports operators association had on Tuesday claimed that the GTDC was trying to portray local operators in negative light.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16562611", "title": "ACB grills Mopidevi in prison", "text": "HYDERABAD: Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) sleuths on Tuesday grilled former minister Mopidevi Venkataramana at the Chanchalguda prison to ascertain his role in the liquor syndicate case.Mopidevi Venkataramana, who was arrested in the YS Jaganmohan Reddy assets case, is currently lodged at the Chanchalguda prison. On Tuesday morning, an ACB team arrived at the prison to record Mopidevi's statement in relation to the liquor syndicate scam.In his confession before the ACB sleuths, liquor syndicate leader Nunna Venkata Ramana had said that he along with other syndicate leaders from Khammam and Warangal districts had given Rs 10 lakh bribe to Venkataramana, who was then holding excise portfolio for safeguarding their business interests.Subsequently, ACB sleuths had seized cash registers and diaries maintained by Nunna Venkata Ramana and other syndicate leaders and in some of them, they had found cash entries made against the former minister's name.On Tuesday, ACB sleuths grilled the former excise minister about the allegations levelled by Nunna Venkata Ramana and the bribe-relatedentries found in the diaries of the syndicate leaders. \"The former minister claimed he never met Nunna Venkata Ramana and he had not accepted any bribe. Mopidevi also claimed that he has no knowledge about the other syndicate leaders or how his name appeared in their beneficiaries' list,\" an ACB source said.During the liquor mafia probe, several syndicate leaders had confessed that they offered bribes to certain political leaders. Based on their confessions, ACB sleuths recorded the statements of several political leaders, including some MLAs, but none have been arrested so far.ACB obtained permission from the high court to question Mopidevi Venkataramana for two days. However, sources in the bureau said that they had finished recording the statement on Wednesday and might not question him on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "16563341", "title": "No progress in Saligao petrol pump robbery case", "text": "CALANGUTE: Calangute police have not made any headway in the investigations into the Tuesday midnight robbery at the Bharat Petroleum pump in Saligao, in which a safe containing cash amounting to three lakh and two mobile phones were robbed.Calangute PI Nolasco Raposo told TOI that they were rounding up a few suspects and have been interrogating them to find the culprits.Early on Tuesday morning at around 1.20am, three unknown persons arrived at the petrol pump and after assaulting the security guard Sanjit Kumar Zahu with slaps and threatening him, confined him to a storage room and robbed the safe containing cash of 3 lakh. They also decamped with two mobile phones.The Calangute police have registered an offence under Sections 342 and 394 of the IPC. Raposo is the investigating officer and SP North Vijay Singh is monitoring the investigations.Calangute MLA Micheal Lobo has expressed surprise that such a robbery could take place barely a few meters from the Calangute police station, and said that the people of Calangute are a scared lot these days because of the recent murder of a Goan by migrants in neighbouring Arpora, and called for speedy investigations in the robbery at the petrol pump.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16565111", "title": "Jharkhand State Electricity Board to outsource maintenance, unions go on 72-hour strike", "text": "RANCHI: Given the shortage of manpower and the inability of board staff to cater to the line faults on time, Jharkhand State Electricity Board (JSEB) is all set to handover line maintenance to a franchisee from November. The experiment is to begin with Ranchi and parts of Jamshedpur that come under the board. The idea to invite franchisee for maintenance could be seen as one step forward in the earlier plan under which the board engaged private parties for meter reading and distribution of electricity bills to the power consumers.JSEB chairman S N Verma had expressed dissatisfaction over the performance of private agencies that were vested with the responsibility of carrying out meter reading and distribution of energy bills. It was after several complaints lodged with the board and applications moved before the consumer grievance redressal forum from time to time against inordinate delay in distribution of bills that the board decided to handover the responsibility to a big company that can take care of the issues centrally. Verma said, \"Apart from meter reading and bill distribution, the franchisee being appointed for Ranchi and Jamshdepur would have the additional responsibility of attending to the local faults and maintaining the lines.\" Ruling out apprehensions of the board employees and unions of it being a move towards privatization of the board he said, \"The effort is aimed at countering the problem arising due to manpower crunch.\"Fearing privatisation and threat to the jobs, around 7000 contract and man-day workers of the board have proceeded on 72-hour token strike. Though the effect of strike was not felt in the capital on the first day, union members claimed that once there is a major fault the board officials would understand the importance of keeping maintenance in its own hands.One of the unions of JSEB, Jharkhand Power Engineers Service Association, has threatened to go on indefinite strike, the day the notification in this regard is issued whereas another unit, Jharkhand Power Workers Union continued for the second day on strike shouting slogans and squatting at their respective offices all over the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16564467", "title": "Policeman dies of suspected dengue, 13 other constables ill", "text": "JAIPUR: A 40-year-old head constable of Pragpura police station on the outskirts of Jaipur, who was undergoing treatment for fever at a private hospital, died on Wednesday. Officials termed it a suspected case of dengue death. At least 13 other policemen of the same station are on leave following prolonged fever for more than a week.The deceased, Rajendra Kumar Meena (40) was admitted to a private hospital on September 20 after his blood platelets count dropped drastically. He had symptoms of dengue and typhus and his blood samples were taken to confirm the disease.\"In the wee hours of Wednesday, he was shifted from one hospital to another after his condition turned critical. At 2.30 am, he was declared dead,\" said Hemraj Gujjar, circle inspector, Pragapura police station.He was a resident of a hamlet in Shahpura village on the Jaipur-Delhi highway.However, the authorities of the medical and health department said that the type of fever is yet to be ascertained.\"His blood platelets dropped drastically during treatment. It appears to be a case of dengue but I can confirm only after seeing the blood report and death certificate,\" said OP Thankan, chief medical and health officer, Jaipur -1 on Wednesday.\"We have a strength of 40 constables out of which 13 are admitted to various hospitals in the city. There are several fever cases in Shahpura, Pragpura and Kothputli areas,\" said the circle inspector.Superintendent of police (Jaipur rural) Ashok Naruka also confirmed that 13 policemen of Pragpura police station are suffering from mysterious viral fever.\"I have asked the officials of the health department including the chief medical and health officer (CMHO) to organize fogging, anti larva spray and also asked the authorities of municipal council to start a proper sanitation drive,\" Naruka added.Meanwhile, a team of health officials sprayed anti-larva sprays and fogging was also conducted in and around the police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16563528", "title": "LPG blast toll rises to 3 as man, son die", "text": "CHENNAI: The death toll in Tuesday's blast at a house in Muthamizh Nagar, Kodungaiyur, triggered by a cooking gas ( LPG) cylinder leak, rose to three on Wednesday.Kathiresan, 40, and his younger son Vinoth, 8, who suffered serious burns and were admitted to the Kilpauk Medical College Hospital, died. Kathiresan's wife Latha had died on Tuesday. Another son, Vignesh, 11, is still battling for life.\"He suffered 67% burns and is being looked after by some relatives,\" a police officer said. On Wednesday, Kathiresan's parents took the bodies of Kathiresan, Latha and Vinoth to their native village of Kurinjnanalkarai in Sivaganga district.Early on Tuesday, Latha turned on a switch in the kitchen when an explosion ripped through the house and triggered a fire.Latha was blown out and landed on a scooter parked on the road. Kathiresan, a grocery store owner, and his sons, who were in the bedroom, sustained severe burns. The blast occurred just minutes after their house owner Devi alerted Latha and Kathiresan about an odour and asked them to check for a gas leak.Police said the leak was due to a worn-out tube.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "16566305", "title": "180 elderly foreigners participate in 22 km marathon, redefine sports tourism in India", "text": "MANALI: A group of around 180 French, British, Belgian and Spanish nationals, aged between 40 and 75, are organizing marathons in different parts of India and formulating a new definition of tourism while spreading the message that age is not a bar for any sport.After successful organization of marathon in Delhi, Agra, Jaipur, Jodhpur and Shimla, the group of elderly runners reached Manali on Monday. Comprising both males and females, the group stunned everybody by covering the tough 22-km distance between Atal Bihari Vajpayee Institute of Mountaineering and Allied Sports in Manali and Naggar in just two hours.The marathon was held in two phases -- running and walking. About 150 elderly persons took part in the 22-km marathon between Manali and Naggar while 30 participants simply walked 10 km from Sajla to Naggar.Everyone was surprised to see the oldies running like youths. Nadyata won the marathon in female category while Partry came first among the men who covered a distance in one hour 55 minutes. In walkers' category, 64-year-old Maris finished first.The participants-cum-tourists, after completion of the marathon, were honored with Kulluvi caps and given a warm welcome with traditional Himachali folk dance. A runner, Sylvie, said, \"We love the calm atmosphere of Himachal and its beautiful people. Human beings these days have become dependent on machines even to cover small distances. Walking and running make humans fit both physically and mentally.\"France-based Sports Performance Development Organization is organizing the marathon in various countries to give tourism a new definition.The marathon is aimed at rediscovering the world through sports where age should not be a bar. Serene Holidays and Great Escape Routes are the Indian supporters for the marathons. The team would now move to Dharamshala for their last marathon, before leaving India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16564623", "title": "NRI doctors plan private medical college in Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: A state-of-the-art medical college is likely to be established by a group of NRI doctors in the outskirts of Madurai. The 700-bedded proposed hospital-cum-medical college will be established by August 2014 at A Thottiapatti on the Madurai - Rajapalayam Road, P Madhu, director of the project, told media persons here on Wednesday.Mandira Institute of Medical Sciences promoted by Mandira Healthcare Infrastructure Limited, is a flagship institution planned by NRI doctors in United States and Canada who want to come back to India. \"The first phase of the project - a multi-speciality 300-bed hospital - will begin functioning in December 2013 and the medical college is expected to commence its academic session in August 2014,\" he stated.\"Along with providing tertiary care to the people in southern districts as Madurai is an important place for the southern districts, we aspire to revolutionise the medical education with various advance teaching methodologies,\" he mentioned.The medical college will utilise methods like digital teaching boards and virtual dissection methodology with the intention of introducing digital teaching technology used in best medical schools in the world. A memorandum of understanding has been signed with the technical provider, who has supplied the virtual dissection board technology to Stanford University School of Medicine. Another technology to be used in the institution will be bio-digital human system presently used at the New York University School of Medicine, he said.\"We want to utilise the money we made in foreign countries for a noble cause and out of 10 NRI doctors promoting this venture, seven are planning to come back,\" Madhu stated.The 300-crore project is said to provide direct employment to 500 persons and another 5,000 jobs through indirect employment. They have chosen Madurai for the institution after a thorough assessment and market survey finding a huge need and potential for a tertiary level teaching hospital in the region, the promoters said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16564314", "title": "PMPML bus fare hike to come into effect from today", "text": "PUNE: The increase in PMPML bus fares will come into force from Thursday. The hike is by one rupee over the existing fares from the third stage, ie above 2 km. The minimum fare for the first two kilometers will continue to be Rs 5.The district transport committee on Tuesday had approved a proposal to increase the fares.Apart from the increase in bus fares, the daily and monthly bus passes will also be more expensive from Thursday. The daily pass will now cost Rs 70 (instead of Rs 60). The senior citizen daily bus ticket will now cost Rs 30 (instead of Rs 25). The senior citizen monthly pass will cost Rs 350. The weekly pass for general commuters will cost Rs 300 (instead of Rs 250).The Pune Darshan tourist ticket for luxury buses will cost Rs 200 instead of Rs 165. For the AC bus service, the ticket will cost Rs 220 instead of Rs 175.PMPML officials said bus passes are available at pass distribution centres at important terminals and daily bus passes are available with bus conductors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16565418", "title": "Madge to strip if 'black Muslim' Obama wins", "text": "WASHINGTON: Queen of Pop Madonna called President Barack Obama a \"black Muslim\" at a recent concert, saying she will bare all if he wins a second term. The singer, who performed here on Monday night, asked everyone in the audience to vote for Obama, reported Fox news.\"You all better vote for Obama, OK? For better or for worse, all right? We have a black Muslim in the White House! Now that's amazing... It means there is hope in this country. And Obama is fighting for gay rights, so support the man,\" she said.Madonna also stripped down to her underwear to reveal \"Obama\" stenciled in big letters on back. \"When Obama is in the White House for a second term I'll take it all off,\" she added.Obama is Christian and has spoken and written widely about his faith. Madonna's comments came in the middle of an extended speech that touched on Martin Luther King Jr's legacy and traced the civil rights movement from US's inception to Obama's election.The Material Girl later clarified her comments saying she was being sarcastic. \"I was being ironic on stage. Yes I know Obama is not a Muslim - though I know that plenty of people in this country think he is. And what if he were? The point I was making is that a good man is a good man no matter who he prays to. I don't care what religion Obama is - nor should anyone in America,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16568191", "title": "Google celebrates its 14th birthday with an animated doodle", "text": "NEW DELHI: Happy Birthday Google! Google, on Thursday, turns 14 and celebrates its birthday with a fascinating animated doodle.The search engine giant has featured a chocolate cake as its birthday-theme doodle with 14 candles on it. The letters of Google's logo can be seen on cake.The candles rearrange themselves just below the cake to form as tally marks and denote the number 14.There has always been a debate about Google's birthday date. Till 2005, the search engine giant celebrated its birthday on September 7, three days later when it filed for incorporation on September 4, 1998.However, in 2005 the search engine giant opted September 27 to celebrate its birthday.Google was founded by Larry Page and Sergey Brin with the objective \"to organize the world's information and make it universally accessible and useful\".On clicking today's Gogole doodle, it displays a list of its popular products.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16564023", "title": "Cops trained in e-tracking of criminals nervous to face test", "text": "VARANASI: The process of introducing e-governance under the National e-Governance Plan (NeGP) is still a distant prospect in the district, but fear of examination has struck the police personnel who have completed their Crime Criminal Tracking Network System (CCTNS) training programme. Some of them reported sick, while others are seeking leave to escape facing the exam. The drawbacks came to the fore when Rahul Singh of IT electronics department of the state government reached here for an interactive session with clerk grade employees of government offices at the Rifle Club on Wednesday. Singh wanted to know what technical problems government employees and Jan Seva Kendra operators were facing in operating the state portal, state service delivery gateway (SSDG) and in submission of e-forms. However, instead of technical problems the employees had the cries for scarcity of computers and other resources. During this meeting it came to light that 221 Jan Seva Kendras had been opened in the district against which only 68 are operational. Problems like Internet connectivity and speed, power crisis, shortage of computer systems and stationary for prints were highlighted. The review of the disposal of applications submitted for residence, caste/income certificates, ration cards, land revenue documents, registration for employment and other since August 1, made it clear that employees and Jan Seva Kendra operators are not facing any serious technical problem as the percentage of applications disposed was high. The participants also informed that many departments like employment and education had not mentioned the enclosures required for registration with e-form. It was informed that to solve crisis of resources, district magistrate Saurabh Babu had forwarded a letter to the state government. The scene at police lines where training programme for policemen is continuing for CCTNS operation was an eye-opener. The training of first batch of 90 policemen completed recently. On the directive of ADG (technical services) Arun Kumar 15 out of those 90 trained cops were selected for a test. When it was time for examination out of the cops selected six reported sick while others sought leave, says an official at the training site. But, it was made amply clear that the cops selected will have to take part in the exam. In his directive Kumar emphasised saving time and stationery by increasing dependency on computerisation of records and on-line communication and checking mails twice a day has become a must. The senior cops are bound to follow this instruction as all the orders and communication from police headquarters are now being issued through Internet while the headquarters also seek replies on-line. CCTNS is an ambitious project of the National Crime Record Bureau (NCRB) and union ministry of home affairs aimed at connecting all police stations of the country through Virtual Private Network (VPN). The basic infrastructure for this project, including 5KV generator sets to each of the police stations is complete in Varanasi district. According to officials, with the launching of project in all the districts, installation of hardware, software and training has started and due for completion in 15 months. An apex committee headed by the chief secretary and an empowered committee under Director General of Police are monitoring this exercise", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "16570028", "title": "Rights Organization moves US Embassy over Barapind's \"Police Torture\"", "text": "Jalandhar: The issue of arrest and alleged torture of SGPC member and SAD (Panch Pardhani) President Kubir Singh Barapind in Punjab police custody has now reached to US Embassy in India.Rights organizations Ensaaf has contacted the US Embassy in Delhi holding that it has an ongoing obligation to monitor Barapind's safety under the terms of his extradition to India. \"The Embassy is aware of its ongoing commitment and is inquiring into the situation,\" said Ensaaf co-director Sukhman Dhami adding \" the organization received credible information about his torture\".It may be mentioned here that on Wednesday Barapind's counsel moved an application in a Phillaur court alleging that he revealed that he was given electric shocks so he should be examined by a board of doctors. The application is pending for an order.\"Ensaaf represented Barapind in his application for relief from extradition under the Convention Against Torture. Despite presenting significant evidence that Barapind was more likely than not to be tortured, the U.S. extradited him after obtaining diplomatic assurances from India that it would not torture Barapind,\" the rights organizations said in a statement.He was booked and arrested last week under Explosives Act, Unlawful Activities Prevention Act, Sedition, Conspiracy and Arms act even as no explosives could be recovered from him. He was linked to a four month old recovery of RDX three days after his arrest after police failed to find any new explosives. Even the claim of recovering seditious literature from him has also come under question mark as the literature labelled as seditious is freely available and no publication has been proscribed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16563241", "title": "Gram pradhans lay siege to Lucknow", "text": "LUCKNOW: Acting on the call of Rashtriya Panchayati Raj Gram Pradhan Sangthan, UP, aound 25,000 farmers staged a demonstration in front of the Vidhan Bhawan on Wednesday. Gram pradhans from Mirzapur, Varanasi, Allahabad, Gorakhpur, Azamgarh, Basti, Chitrakoot, Lucknow, Kanpur, Agra, Moradabad, Aligarh, Pilibhit, Meerut and Saharanpur gathered at dharna sthal with a 40-point charter of demands.They demanded Rs 40 lakh as compensation, in case of death of the gram pradhan, to his family, funds under Backward Regions Grant Fund ( BRGF) to be moved directly to the accounts of gram pradhan and pension system in place for gram pradhans. They handed over the memorandum to the chief minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16565757", "title": "Supreme Court to give opinion on 2G presidential reference today", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Thursday will give its opinion on the presidential reference questioning the universal applicability of the court's order in the 2G case mandating that all natural resources be allocated through auction only.The February 2 judgment of a bench headed by Justice GS Singhvi laying down auction route for allocation of all natural resources had created considerable difficulty for the government, which had first filed a review and later withdrew it to send a presidential reference under Article 143 of the Constitution.The presidential reference covered under its ambit all natural resources, including spectrum, while raising doubts about the practicality of the 2G judgment directions for allocation through auction.However, a five-judge constitution bench headed by Chief Justice SH Kapadia had clarified at the beginning of the hearing that it would not entertain any arguments for review of the 2G judgment, which had cancelled all 122 spectrum licences allocated during A Raja's tenure as telecom minister in 2008 and ordered their auction.SC opposed review of spectrum verdictThe Union government had also agreed that it was not seeking review of the 2G judgment through the presidential reference and clarified that the President was seeking a clarification on the doubts on facts and law issues that had arisen from the February 2 judgment.If the apex court declines to give its opinion on the presidential reference, then it would be a game changer in the administration of natural resources, which under the Constitution was put under the management of the government as a trustee of public property.In the event of the SC declining to answer the presidential reference, the government will have to scrap several laws providing for different methods of allocation for natural resources, for example as was done for coal blocks on first-come first-served basis, and the interim period could be a testing time for the economy as several infrastructure projects are solely dependent on natural resources.However, if the Supreme Court agrees to clarify that natural resources can be allocated through various modes including auction, then the government can heave a sigh of relief. But it could still worry about allocation of spectrum in future as the question would remain whether auction would still the sole method of distribution of this crucial natural resource.But there is a third possibility \u2014 the court could give its opinion after making small changes in the questions posed by the President. This could be an area to be watched keenly during the pronouncement of the opinion by Chief Justice Kapadia, which could actually be his swansong before retirement on September 29.dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "16564712", "title": "Thangadh killings: Probe by sitting HC judge demanded", "text": "RAJKOT: Calling for an impartial probe into the killing of dalit youths at Thangadh town of Surendranagar district, National Commission for Scheduled Castes (NCSC) has demanded that a sitting high court judge investigate the matter.A member of the commission Rajubhai Parmar visited Thangadh on Tuesday night and met the family members of victims.\"The state government has ordered an inquiry to be carried out by CID (crime) and another inquiry by department of social justice and empowerment. But, we are skeptical about the impartiality of the probe as all those investigating are state government officials,\" said Parmar.He told TOI that police are responsible for killings of the dalit youths. \"Moreover, the police have filed cases against dalits for attempt to murder and other serious offences,\" he said.Parmar held a meeting with senior police officials in Thangadh. He said that even after the death of a dalit youth on Saturday night, the police took the matter lightly.\"We demand that the cases filed against dalit youths be withdrawn and the police should arrest the guilty personnel immediately,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "mumbai/nagpur", "code": "16563418", "title": "Non-subsidized LPG cylinder may cost Rs 817.50", "text": "MUMBAI/NAGPUR: Breaking the stasis prevailing for nearly a fortnight, oil companies have told LPG distributors that the market price of a cooking gas cylinder for a domestic consumer about 817.50 in Nagpur. For the first three cylinders ordered in the remaining six months of the current financial year, domestic LPG users will have to pay the old subsidized rate of 446.50. But thereafter, for each cylinder, the market price of 817.50 will apply.In Mumbai, the non-subsidized LPG cylinders for domestic users would cost 767. In areas neighbouring Mumbai, the market prices may vary by 5 to 15 due to the difference in octroi and taxation. Likewise, in areas outside Nagpur municipal limits the non-subsidized domestic LPG cylinder would cost 781.Distributors said oil companies have added to the consumer categories of old. While the domestic and commercial groupings still hold, a new category of 'non-domestic exempted' users has been carved out to include schools, hospitals and charities.Both categories and prices will come into effect retroactively from September 17, distributors said. \"We have been told about the pricing and categories by oil companies through emails. The prices are final, although the market price for charities and the like may be higher by a rupee or two,\" said Pratap Doshi, president of All India LPG Distributors' Federation.Doshi complained that the new categorization would further complicate distributors' task of keeping track of subsidized cylinders and pricing.\"Cylinders for domestic consumers are of the same size, shape and colour. We need a proper system to monitor usage and cost,\" said Doshi.Distributors are threatening to stop delivery of cylinders across the country from October 1 unless the Centre provides clarity on how to monitor the subsidy cap.Officials in oil companies confirmed the market prices and categorization identified by distributors and added that they will make the official announcement on Thursday.The Central government on September 13 had capped the number of subsidized cooking gas cylinders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "16563896", "title": "Thieves target Mapusa again, escape with booty worth Rs 34.5 lakh", "text": "MAPUSA: Thieves targeted Mapusa on Tuesday night and stole gold and cash worth about Rs 35 lakh from two flats in Mapusa. The flats are situated opposite Mapusa police station and the thefts came days after a jeweller was murdered and his shop looted in the town.In one theft, gold ornaments and cash worth approximately Rs 33 lakh were stolen from a flat belonging to Laxman Govekar at Garden Centre complex. The Govekar family had gone to their ancestral house in Khorlim to celebrate Ganesh Chaturthi. Their daily routine during the festival days was to perform the rituals in Khorlim and return to the flat in the evening.On Tuesday the family left home at about 12.30pm. Laxman returned at about 11.30pm and found the main door lock broken open. On entering the house he saw the bedroom cupboards broken open and found cash and jewellery missing.\"As it was Ganesh Chaturthi all the jewellery was at home. They robbed every gold ornament like necklaces, bracelets, earrings, and cash of about Rs 1 lakh. The worth of the stolen items is around Rs 33 lakh,\" Siddharth, Laxman's son, said.\"They didn't touch any other items in the home,\" another family member said. There was a laptop, television, and other electronic items in the flat.In another incident, financial firm manger Deepak Mista was robbed of gold and cash worth around Rs 1.5 lakh from his flat located at Chandranath Apartments. The family, with the exception of Deepak, was in Karwar for Ganesh Chaturthi celebrations when the robbery took place.On returning home from work, Deepak found the main door lock broken open. \"Gold ornaments worth Rs 1.25 lakh and cash Rs 25,000 are missing ,\" Deepak said.Police visited and inspected both apartments. SP North Vijay Singh said, \"The modus operandi is almost the same in both cases. The door lock was open and the wooden doors were pierced to open the inside locks.\"\"The robberies have taken place despite the fact that we have advised people not to keep their valuables in the house when leaving for Ganesh Chaturthi celebrations or at least inform police so we can keep a check,\" Singh added.Police have registered both offences and investigations are in progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "16565955", "title": "Arunachal rivers show receding trend", "text": "ITANAGAR: The flood situation in Arunachal Pradesh improved on Wednesday with improvement in the weather condition as most of the major rivers and their tributaries showed a receding trend.However, Tezu, the headquarters of worst-affected Lohit district, still remained cut-off for the eighth consecutive day, while 35mm rainfall was recorded here in the past 24 hours, official sources informed.One missing person was rescued on Tuesday in a critical condition and has been admitted to the district hospital. All 24 relief camps in the district are still functional but people have started going back to their villages.One week of incessant rain has left a trail of destruction in the low-lying and hill areas of Lower Dibang Valley district.Agricultural land to the tune of 400-500 acre has been affected, especially in Bis Camp and Dunabari area off Anpum-Paglam circle. All harvested crops were also destroyed, sources informed.A road connecting Anpum and Bizari, built under the Central Road Fund (CRF), has been washed away by floodwaters from the Sissiri River at several points - 13km, 9km and 4km from Anpum. The wooden bridge that had served as the only route to agricultural areas of Anpum-Bizari is also damaged, said Perme. All domesticated cattle used for agricultural works by locals in the areas were also washed away by the floodwaters.Meanwhile, water-borne diseases like diarrhoea and malaria are also spreading in the area, informed Perme and urgently sought the help of the district medical department to curb the disease.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16566267", "title": "Monsoon withdraws from Himachal Pradesh, leaving 11% deficit", "text": "SHIMLA: People in Himachal Pradesh can expect warm sunny days ahead as the meteorological department has officially announced the withdrawal of south-west monsoon from state on Wednesday. The hill state this season has witnessed massive damage to human lives and property by rains. The cumulative rainfall from June 1 to September 26 has been recorded at 697mm which is 11% less than the normal rainfall. However, it comes within the normal rainfall range.Monsoon this year has resulted in deaths of 26 people and damage to 1,892 houses. Heavy rains have damaged property to the tune of Rs 896 crore. In flash floods, 279 cattle sheds have been washed away. Preliminary estimates prepared by the state government put the total loss at Rs 896 crore. While the loss to public and private property has been calculated at Rs 181 crore, agriculture and horticulture crops suffered damage of Rs 300 crore. Roads and bridges suffered losses of Rs 280 crore. Irrigation and water supply system lost Rs 61.57 crore in damages while power sector suffered a damage of Rs 73.45 crore, official sources said.Kangra district, with 1888.9mm and Kullu, with 667mm, received 23% and 22% excess rainfall. Lowest rainfall was recorded in Lahaul-Spiti district at 129.4mm which is 70% below normal. Chamba (632mm), Kinnaur (118mm) and Sirmaur (987mm) received deficient rainfall to the tune of 27%, 33% and 28% respectively.According to officials at Shimla meteorological centre, in 2011, south-west monsoon had withdrawn from Himachal Pradesh on the same date, that is, September 26. The cumulative rainfall last year from June 1 to September 26 was 730.8mm, 8% less than normal.During this season, among the four months, August was the wettest with 311.9mm rainfall, which was 14% above normal. Dharamshala recorded 3,660mm rainfall, which was 56% above normal, the 2nd highest during the last 110 years. The highest rainfall recorded during the last 110 years in Dharamshala was in 1958 at 4153mm, they said.The capital city of Shimla received 910mm, which was 12% less than normal, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16565874", "title": "Paresh Baruah-China links worry New Delhi", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Centre is worried over Ulfa's anti-talk faction leader Paresh Baruah being \"handled\" by China. It has been found that the country's key rebel also continues to have other handlers in Bangladesh as well even after the 2008 crackdown on the outfit.\"Paresh Baruah is more than just a frequent visitor to China. He is being handled by China and it is understood that he gets shelter in the country in return,\" a top security source associated with northeast affairs said.Baruah is known to be in Myanmar and his movements are constantly tracked by Indian intelligence agencies. The source said he has traveled to the Myanmar-China border crossing Ruili in China's Yunan Province several times. Ruili is known as a trade hub of Chinese appliances and smuggling of drugs from Myanmar. The border town is inhabited mostly by the Jingpo tribe of Kachin origin.Baruah shifted to Myanmar after Bangladesh government's crackdown in 2008. While his base was in Bangladesh, he had handlers in ISI and he had offered his men to Pakistan to fight against India in the Kargil war.Baruah's recent statements in open support of China substantiate inputs about him available with security agencies. \"He has openly opposed India building missile bases in Assam saying this could anger the Chinese and the ill-effect might be on the Assamese people. More recently, he asked the BJP Yuba Morcha to keep away from its planned protest at Tawang in Arunachal Pradesh on the 50{+t}{+h} year of the Sino-Indian war,\" the source said.Security agencies have also established Baruah having another set of handlers in Bangladesh. \"These handlers may not be necessarily in the government but Baruah still has his business interest in Bangladesh. His wife and children are still in Dhaka and probably for the protection of his family and his business, Bangladesh still has influence on him,\" the source said.Baruah has also never attacked Bangladesh even as there are protests in Assam against illegal migrants from Bangladesh. \"In the recent conflict in Bodoland, Baruah had no clear stand. Baruah has also made the illegal migrants issue a broader issue by including nationals from Nepal and not just Bangladeshis despite the fact that Assam's 90 per cent illegal migration is from Bangladesh,\" the source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16563695", "title": "Luxury room tariffs may fall as Chennai gets 3 new star hotels", "text": "CHENNAI: Staying in a luxury hotel in Chennai might not be as expensive now as it was last year. With three new five-star hotels bringing in an additional 1,300 rooms to the city's existing 2,000-room inventory, tariffs are expected to fall by at least 10%, or the cash discounts may rise.ITC recently launched its 600-room ITC Grand Chola. Hotel Leela with 320 rooms and Park Hyatt with 201 rooms are set to be inaugurated in October, creating a glut in the industry. Among other luxury properties to be opened soon are JW Marriot and Westin.\"Tariff realisation is lower than usual and is between Rs 5,500 and Rs 7,000 now,\" said T Nataraajan, honorary secretary, South India Hotels and Restaurants Association (SIHRA), and CEO, GRT Hotels and Resorts. \"With the global economic slowdown, corporate executives are cutting down on travel, and so are leisure travellers, and this impacts the hotel industry,\" he said.\"Prices have fallen by about Rs 700 per room compared to last year,\" said an official from Le Royal Meridien. \"But one can't say if they would fall further because the new hotels are high capital investments and can't drastically drop prices for competition,\" he said.Chennai is not isolated in this glut. A research report by Crisil said that occupancy levels in luxury hotels would hit a decadal low. As the increased room inventory intensifies competition, average rentals will dip by about 10% in the next two years. The revenue per available room will dip by around 12% in 2013-14 and will be about Rs 3,900, the lowest since 2005-06, the report said.Occupancy rates, too, are falling, with most hotels having about half their rooms unoccupied. \"Most hotels are struggling to achieve even 60% occupancy,\" Nataraajan said. None of the luxury hotels was available to comment on rates, but others said they had started to offer huge discounts over cover price.The industry is, hence, looking at the MICE (meetings, incentives, conferences, exhibitions) segment, expecting the three new hotels and relatively new premium hotels, Hilton Chennai and Hyatt Regency, to drive up travel into the city over the next few months.Meetings and seminars are also drying up due to the slowdown. \"Today, we can conduct a seminar in Chennai in a luxury hotel for Rs 800 a pax,\" a spokesperson of an industry body said. He also said that room rentals, which were at historic highs two years ago, have crashed and a luxury room today costs nothing more than Rs 5,000 a night with free airport pick-up and drop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16564528", "title": "Govt orders probe into 'custodial death' in jail", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government on Wednesday ordered an inquiry into the death of an undertrial prisoner, whose family accused the Jharpada jail authorities of torturing him in judicial custody.The incident follows in the heels of two alleged custodial deaths and another custody torture case in three police stations in Bhubaneswar recently.In the latest case, Laxmidhar Nanda (45), who was arrested on September 14 on charges of peddling opium, died at Capital Hospital on Tuesday evening. While the jail authorities claimed that Nanda died due to some ailment, his wife alleged that he was subjected to torture in jail.\"Nanda was an opium addict. Since he was not getting the intoxicant in jail, he became sick,\" Jharpada jail superintendent Birabar Nayak said. \"His condition worsened on Tuesday and he was rushed to Capital Hospital where he was declared received dead,\" Nayak said.\"The jail officers are lying. There were external injury marks on his body. His head was tonsured. He must have been tortured,\" said his widow Pratima Nanda.ADG (prisons) S S Hansda scotched the allegation of custody torture. \"He was not tortured. I have asked a DIG-rank officer to inquire into his death,\" Hansda told TOI.City DCP Nitinjeet Singh too has announced separate magisterial inquiry into the incident. \"As per statutory guideline in such cases, I have requested a senior judicial magistrate to probe the matter,\" Singh said.Meanwhile, Nanda's wife Pratima alleged that the excise and police officials kept her in dark about his arrest earlier. \"Nobody had informed about his arrest. We had been searching him everywhere and were very worried,\" she said.Inspector of excise intelligence and enforcement bureau (Cuttack), Amarendra Kumar Jena rubbished the charges. \"We had informed the family after his arrest and followed all legal procedures,\" Jena said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16562258", "title": "Veolia brings team from France on 'secret' visit to Nagpur's water projects", "text": "NAGPUR: The Veolia Water (India) Limited, a partner in city's private water operator Orange City Water Limited (OCWL), has landed in yet another controversy. The officials of Veolia had brought a team from France to visit city's water supply project without intimating or getting permission from the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC).Sources revealed that even OCWL itself wasn't given any intimation. Chairman of water works committee Sudhakar Kohle has assured to order immediate enquiry into the issue.Kohle told TOI that the water works was a public property and is owned by NMC. \"OCWL is executing the 24x7 water supply project. Hence, officials of OCWL or Veolia may visit and inspect the project set up including water treatment plants. But any other private person is not allowed to visit the water project without any intimation or prior permission from NMC. Veolia has violated rules if it has brought any team from France to the view the project without permission,\" he said.Veolia had taken the team to visit the 24x7 water supply project in Dharampeth Zone, on Wednesday. It has also planned to take the team to Kanhan water treatment plant and other water supply projects that have been classified as highly sensitive areas.This event has triggered serious discussions at the NMC head office and also water works department. Even mayor Anil Sole and other office bearers were unaware about any such team visiting the water supply projects until informed by TOI.NMC's executive engineer Shashikant Hastak told TOI that no team from France had sought permission to visit the projects. \"We had no intimation from either Veolia or OCWL about such visit. It is wrong if this happened,\" he said adding that municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane was also not intimated.Sources told TOI that the Veolia officials did not even inform the OCWL and DRA Consultancy, consultant for water works. \"Even OCWL officials and staffers were in surprise to learn about any such team from France. There might be some misunderstanding as no such visits can be organized without intimating us,\" said an OCWL official.When TOI approached the local hotel where the team from France was learnt to have checked in, it had already proceeded to visit the projects. Later, Patrick Rousseau, chairman and managing director, Veolia Water (India) Private Limited from New Delhi called TOI and informed that the team comprised some journalists among others. \"We had arranged for a tour for the journalists to inform them about our projects going on in the country, particularly in the city. We had also decided to have an interaction between journalists from France and local dailies on Friday,\" he said.Sources told TOI that Veolia Water, a division of France-based Veolia Environment, is going through an upheaval due to its falling share prices. Therefore, the company secretly arranged a tour of few journalists and others to the city's water works to showcase its projects in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "16562647", "title": "Litter bugs turn Vizag's landmark into eyesore", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Kailasagiri, the hilltop park, is without doubt one of the most significant landmarks in the city and truly a sight to behold. But that is only if one does not look too close. The park, with its array of flora, attracts many tourists and joggers and, sadly, also some apathetic visitors who know no better than to defile this charming place.Plastic bags, bottles and pouches lie strewn all along the slopes, vantage points and the lawns. But who is to blame for the mess?\"Visitors do not care for the amount of work we put in to keep the park green and clean. Whenever we tell them not to litter, we are greeted with contemptuous laughter and a dismissive mind-your-own-business look,\" observed gardener Pydi Raju who has been working at the park for over 10 years.The fast food centre owners, too, are unhappy at the way the visitors litter the park. \"We do not sell water pouches. They buy these from outside and litter the park with it. Even excess food is thrown to stray dogs,\" laments Krishna, a cook at one of the stallsat the entrance of the hill top park. Moreover, the plastic waste also results in water stagnation which, for a park the size of Kailasagiri, poses the threat of turning it into an ideal breeding ground for mosquitoes.The people, on the other hand, are blissfully unaware of any damage they cause. \"Kailasagiri is one of the best maintained parks. Everyday, truckloads of trash is cleared by the Greater Visakhapatnam Municipal Corporation (GVMC). The gardeners and civic workers are on the job all the time; it is the general public which needs to be educated. They should understand that it is their park and that they have to behave responsibly instead of treating it like a dump,\" observed an official.When asked about the need for a complete ban on plastic bags, Prabhakar Reddy, the Visakhapatnam Urban Development Authority (VUDA), public relations officer, said: \"We discourage the usage of plastic bags. However, we cannot enforce a complete ban as it would require a large staff of enforcers. Also, at the end of the day, it could cause inconvenience to the public.\"Well aware of the catch-22 situation, the authorities are hoping that things get better with time and the dissuading influence of awareness programmes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "16572177", "title": "Army foils infiltration bid along LoC", "text": "JAMMU: Army today foiled an infiltration bid along the LoC in Poonch sector, where one militant is believed to have been killed.A group of four-five armed militants tried to infiltrate into the Indian side of the border along LoC in Krishnagati forward area and their movement was picked by surveillance devices and troops guarding the border, an Army officer said.Troops guarding the borderline fired at the infiltrating militants, who fired back resulting in exchanges, he said.After the brief exchange of firing, militants tried to return, he said, adding that a body is lying close to the border line.Search operations have been launched in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16562579", "title": "Energy conservation committee formed", "text": "HYDERABAD: In order to give a fillip to the energy conservation initiatives and to develop a comprehensive communication strategy to quantify the tangible and intangible benefits, the state government on Wednesday constituted the State Energy Conservation Mission (SECM) headed by chief secretary Minnie Mathew.The objective of the committee would be to take up energy conservation and efficiency programmes throughout the state for effective monitoring and implementation of Energy Conservation Act 2001 on top priority by involving all key departments of state government. Other members of the panel include the principal secretaries of energy, MA&UD;, panchayati raj, industries, agriculture, AP Transco chairman and two experts to be nominated by the state. A Chandra Sekhara Reddy, member secretary, Energy Co-ordination Cell, energy department will be the chief executive officer (CEO) of the mission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16563024", "title": "Cops come down hard on sellers of cow dung powder", "text": "COIMBATORE: In light of the recent suicide of a college student who consumed cow dung powder, city police are coming down hard on shop owners who sell cow dung powder to the public. The chemical dye (cow dung powder) is available in all petty shops in the city and the cost of one packet is just Rs 5.On Tuesday, a 19-year-old student Thambidurai, a resident of Nehru Nagar in Peelamedu committed suicide by consuming cow dung powder. Police said, he was studying second year BE (Aeronautical Engineering) at Park College of Engineering and Technology at Kaniyur. He had gone to Trichy to attend his relative's marriage function and returned on Monday. Unable to prepare for his examination, he was in a depressed state when he consumed cow dung powder on Monday night. He was rushed to a private hospital. Despite treatment he died at the hospital on Tuesday morning.Meanwhile, the city police are taking severe action against the cow dung powder sellers. Singanallur police conducted a surprise check at two grocery shops in Varatharajapuram and Asthanathar Naicker Street on Tuesday and arrested the shop owners M Flora, 42 and D Kirubai Jayaraj, 50. The police have seized 29 packets of cow dung powder from the duo. Peelamedu police also arrested a 40-year-old man, T Jawahar of Peelamedu for possessing 5 packets of cow dung powder.The police said, as many as 102 persons including 75 male committed suicides (January 2012 to August 2012) by consuming poison. Most of them consumed cow dung powder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16562720", "title": "Manikonda case: Nariman to represent Wakf Board", "text": "HYDERABAD: The AP State Wakf Board will be represented by SC lawyer Fali Nariman in the Manikonda Jagir case, said board members on Wednesday.The move comes after the Wakf Board had decided earlier this month to go ahead with a four-tier system of lawyers to challenge the SC injunction on the AP high court order declaring the Manikonda Jagir as wakf land. Syed Ghulam Afzal Biyabani, chairman, Wakf Board said, \"We have decided to engage the services of Supreme Court lawyer Fali Nariman and he has agreed.While the counter was prepared by our counsel S R Mahajir, K K Lahri will present it in the SC. The case has not been listed yet and is pending with the Supreme Court registrar. But we are confident of having everything ready before the date is announced.\" According to sources, the supporting advocate will be Huzefa Ahmedi and the advocate on record will be Aijaz Maqbool. The board has also decided to get another senior lawyer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16563797", "title": "Smoking on screen: New rules just a smokescreen, claim activists", "text": "MUMBAI: The battle between Bollywood baadshahs and anti-tobacco activists has flared up once again after the Union government unveiled its new rules for smoking on screen.Filmmakers seem to have got what they wanted: their actors won't have to enunciate anti-smoking messages before a film begins. From October 2, films won't have bear a U/A tag just because an actor lit up on screen. \"The government has bowed to pressure from the film and TV industry,'' said anti-tobacco activist, Dr Pankaj Chaturvedi.Exhibitors too are upset. As per the new rules, if the cinema owner or manager fails to comply with the Act's provision\u2014to show 30-second anti-tobacco health spots at the beginning and middle of a film\u2014the hall's licence may be cancelled/suspended. Nitin Datar, V-P of Cinema Owners' Association of India, said, \"It's not our duty to run disclaimers on our own. We will only run films which have anti-smoking messages. Besides, most screens are UFO enabled and films are directly relayed, so we don't know till the film is screened.'' He plans to take the issue up with the government.Health activists are the most disappointed. \"The government has diluted the rules notified last year. The clause requiring actors to say disclaimers and another which required the Censor Board to give U/A certification to films displaying tobacco use have been dropped. The health ministry will now produce the disclaimers in an audio-visual format, but they won't feature film actors,'' said Dr Chaturvedi.The only bright spot is that the 20-second anti-tobacco message has been extended to 30-second. Devika Chadha, programme director, Salaam Bombay Foundation, feels it is necessary. Even broadcasters have been warned against defaulting. The notification states that it is mandatory for TV programmes, including films, to carry static messages during the period of the smoking scene.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16564597", "title": "Kumbh planning totters as departments miss key deadline", "text": "NASHIK: Planning for the forthcoming Kumbh mela is likely to be jeopardized, as government agencies have failed to meet deadlines for plan submissions despite the collector Vilas Patil's 15-day cut-off timeline for proposal submissions.The deadline for submitting plans lapsed on September 21 with a majority of government departments having now failed to meet it.Patil had set thed eadline had been set during the review meeting called by guardian minister Chhagan Bhujbal on September 6.The district planning office was to provide some details to the agencies, especially data provided by Tourism Finance Corporation of India (TFCI) Ltd, which would help them concentrate on developmental plans for their their jurisdiction to prepare for the mega religious event in the city.The agencies had presented their initial Kumbh plans, which together were pegged at Rs 4,250 crore, a figure that both, Patil and Bhujbal, believed was very inflated and therefore unrealistic. The guardian minister had therefore advised that the budget be trimmed.Accordingly, departments were to be provided the TFCI report which had elaborated on the tourism needs of the district.\"Unfortunately, we received the TFCI data from the administration very late. One week of the deadline period had already been lost even as agency reports were yet to be prepared,\" a government agency official said.Sources from the district planning committee also said that the deadline was likely to be extended by another week by which time reports from all departments were likely to be in. \"We are likely to call a meeting so that that the officials complete their tasks at the earliest, \" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16562823", "title": "Poll for DUSU executive panel on October 15", "text": "NEW DELHI: Election for the executive committee for the Delhi University Students' Union, is scheduled for October 15. The last date for the submission of nomination papers is October 9.Professor C S Dubey has been appointed by the vice-chancellor to serve as election commissioner.Professor D S Rawat, department of Chemistry, will be returning officer and Dr. Satish Kumar, deputy dean, University Information Centre, additional returning officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16563303", "title": "Arch lives to tell tale of costly restoration", "text": "CHENNAI: They wanted it to be demolished at a cost of 8 lakh. Now, they have spent about 1 crore to retain it and will shell out more to restore it.Restoration of Anna Arch, which escaped demolition after it withstood electric saws and diamond cutters for three days early this month, started on Wednesday after chief minister J Jayalalithaa visited the site. Earlier this month, a contractor had been employed to bring down the structure to make way for a 117-crore flyover-subway project to ease traffic congestion. On the third day of work, the CM ordered that the demolition be stopped and the flyover-subway plan altered. So, there stood the arch, precariously, held by a crane.Sources said the crane cost the department 4 lakh a day as rent.\"With this cost in mind, the budget for the demolition was Rs 8 lakh as we thought it would be over in two days,\" said a highways official. The crane has been in use for 23 days now, the rent adding up to Rs 92 lakh. While the restoration work will take four months, the crane has to be there for at least 10 more days, which means an additional Rs 40 lakh. An engineer at the site said they were planning to drill two rods into the pillars to support the arch and fill the lacuna with concrete.On Wednesday, engineers brought two temporary stilts to support the arch, now being held in place by the crane after concrete cutters gnawed at its base. There were traffic snarls in the locality, as a posse of police personnel was deployed near the arch for the chief minister's visit. In tow were ministers O Panneerselvam, K P Munusamy and R Vaithilingam. The CM interacted with engineers at the site. Traffic on Poonamallee High Road was halted briefly around noon.Anna Arch was built in 1985 to commemorate the 75th birth anniversary of former chief minister C Annadurai. The arch was to be removed to make way for a Rs 117-crore of two L-shaped flyovers and a subway, but the decision was stayed by the CM in view of its association with two chief ministers from the past.Now the change in design to accommodate the arch is expected to delay the completion of the project. \"The department will take six months to come up with a new design,\" said a senior highways official. With the highways secretary replaced around 15 days ago, sources said there would be further delay.\"The works near the arch cause daily traffic snarls here,\" said T Rajagopal, a resident of Shanti Colony. Many motorists slow down when they cross the arch to see how far the work has progressed. Now it looks like the congestion would continue for a long time.\" On an average, 20,000 passenger car units use the stretch every hour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "16565547", "title": "Footballs from India in child labour row", "text": "MELBOURNE: An Australian football company that had outsourced some of the production to an Indian firm has ended its contract, recalling nearly half a million footballs in the wake of allegations that child labour was used for the work in Jalandhar.The Australian football company Sherrin has decided to recall all 2011 and 2012 Auskick balls, after the father of a six-year-old Melbourne boy said his son had been pricked by a sewing needle found protruding from the skin of a Sherrin football. The Australian company has also ended its ties with the Indian sub-contractor, confirming the reports that it was using child labourers in India.The managing director of Sherrin, Chris Lambert , said about 9,000 balls were sent to the Indian sub-contractor this year to be stitched, but 450,000 will be recalled as a matter of \"extreme caution\".Lambert was quoted by the AAP news agency as saying that the needle fault was linked to the sub-contractor who breached manufacturing standards when it outsourced, unauthorisedly, the stitching of balls to families in Jalandhar, Punjab.\"This is first time we have received evidence of the use of child labour. I was appalled to find this occurred. We're shocked by this absolutely,\" Lambert said. The controversy was triggered after the father made the claim about the football with a needle in it.Lambert said another ball that did not reach a consumer was found with a needle in it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "16566195", "title": "More support for FDI from Punjab farmers' association", "text": "PATIALA: After support from Punjab Mandi Board chairman and Bharti Kisan Union (BKU) on foreign direct investment (FDI) in multi-brand retail in Punjab, now the consortium of Indian Farmers Associations (CIFA) has openly come in support of FDI.The leaders of CIFA, which has the support of more than 200 farmers' organizations and is active in 15 states of the country, believe that by keeping FDI in retail on hold, political parties have done great injustice to farmers who are desperately waiting for an opportunity to get rid of commission agents. They alleged that Indian farmers are dependent only on commission agents to market their produce only because of lack of direct access to MNCs.\"We, along with 200 farmers' organizations, fully support FDI and are ready to offer every kind of support. Only anti-farmer governments would oppose FDI while pro-farmer governments would support it at any cost. We have taken a decision in this regard after a meeting of our national committee,\" said national president of CIFA Satnam Singh Behru, who belongs to Patiala.\"Commission agents charge 10% from farmers for the auctioning of produce and also deduct 10% on the pretext of quality deficiency. Farmers spend around 10% more to take the produce to markets. In this way, farmers have to suffer more than 30% loss only because of the presence of middlemen,\" alleged Behru while explaining their calculations.The other members of CIFA alleged that in many states officers have been conniving with commission agents and the electronic weighing machines installed in grain markets never work as they have been damaged by officers to favor commission agents while in many states the markets are under full control of politicians.\"We believe FDI in retail sector is a god-sent opportunity for all farmers of the country. All must grab it and oppose moves by their respective governments to prevent FDI in their states,\" said Ajay Singh Tyagi, CIFA's northern India general sectary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16564619", "title": "300 register for municipal administration system online services", "text": "BHOPAL: The municipal administration system (MAS), online system launched on September 19, by the Bhopal Municipal corporation has already seen 300 users registering with the site www.bmconline.gov.in.The registered users would be able to apply for the services including marriage certificates, tap connections, property registrations, birth-death registrations and all the other such forms related to the civic body online.Additional commissioner BMC Kishore Kanyal addressing the gathering during a presentation about MAS said that the residents should download and print the online access request application form for the various taxes.This form is also available with all the zonal and ward offices. After submission of the form a username and password would be e-mailed to the resident within two working days. The username and password would enable the resident to log on to the website for accessing and filing the taxes or requesting for a service or permission.Kanyal added that the MAS has been implemented under the Project Utthan of department for international development (DFID), UK.The users would also be alerted through SMS about services and payments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16564300", "title": "Disciplinary action against students", "text": "INDORE: Action has been taken against the two students involved in the ragging incident at JC Bose hostel at Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya.The proctorial board of the varsity took statements of Vishakh Rangere of DAVV and Jayawardhne Vaidhya of Vaishnav Engineering College, who were summoned to be present before the board on Wednesday.After taking their statement, the board member expelled Rangere from hostel while a letter was written to authorities of Vaishnav College recommending disciplinary action against Vaidhya.The ragging incident had taken place on September 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16566971", "title": "Green murder in the name of Ganesha", "text": "HYDERABAD: On one hand the city administration is on a 'green' overdrive for CoP-11 and on the other, over-enthusiastic government officials knocked down 20 trees in Errum Manzil on Wednesday to make way for Ganesh procession. The trees, all over 10 years of age, were stripped of their leafy cover and stumps left on the roadside under the supervision of GHMC and police officials in the residential lane that stretches from Errum Manzil to Anandnagar colony in Khairatabad. These trees were Spathodea, rain tree and other varieties.Officials said the trees would obstruct Ganesh idol procession but could not justify why they chopped off huge branches that were not even facing the road. While officials argue that only the branches were cut, local residents said the trees were chopped off almost completely. \"They are giving a silly excuse of smooth flow of Ganesh procession for cutting these trees. They should have been more careful . Instead of trimming, they had cut down huge branches without any reason,\" said a local resident Anupam Kumar.However, officials said they had the necessary permission to fell the trees. Ch Venkataiah, deputy range officer , urban forestry, said, \"We had been approached by Punjagutta police to cut the trees as they were an obstruction to Ganesh procession. The due permission has also been taken from the higher authorities of GHMC. The activity was taken up after a three-member committee, consisting of a ward member, local police official and a member of the local Ganesh Utsav committee, gave its approval\" .Another resident G Krishna said, \"It is strange that officials did not look for other options like diverting the procession routes. The chopped off trees haphazardly and now it will take years for most of these trees to get back to their original shape.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16564202", "title": "Thieves strike at 6 shops on Jawahar Marg", "text": "INDORE: Thieves struck at half a dozen shops on Jawahar Marg at Saifi Hotel crossing, here on Tuesday night. Shops at the Madarsa Darul- Uloom twin buildings were broke open by the thieves who decamped with cash.The thefts came to light when one of the shopkeepers, Surendra Jain found lock of his shop open. Soon three to four other shopkeepers in the building found locks of their shops too broken.The thieves also targeted an electric pipe shop, a passport agent's office, a motor mechanic and a pesticide shop. Ranipura police said that the shopkeepers have complained about missing cash. \"All other items in he shops were untouched except the cash counters,\" said a police adding that the thieves might have intended to loot only the cash.Shopkeepers from nearby Madarsa building too lodged similar complaint with the police. A local steel trader and a few other shops in the building were targeted by the thieves.An FIR has been lodged against unidentified persons and investigations are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "darjeeling", "code": "16565562", "title": "Five arrested in Madan Tamang murder get bail", "text": "DARJEELING: Calcutta high court on Wednesday granted bail to five Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) supporters arrested in connection with Madan Tamang's murder. The All India Gorkha League (AIGL) president was killed on May 21, 2010.All five - GJM youth wing president Dipen Malay, Puran Rai, Sunil Rai, Tilak Sotang and Sudesh Rai Majhi - were arrested in Darjeeling last year. Rai Majhi and Malay are currently under treatment in the Darjeeling district hospital. Four persons arrested in connection with the murder were granted bail earlier.\"We have always maintained that our supporters were innocent. That's why the HC granted them bail. We welcome the decision,\" said GJM assistant secretary Binay Tamang.However, the key accused in the case, Nicole Tamang, is still at large. He was arrested from his ancestral house in Kaijaley, Darjeeling, in 2010. But he managed to give the sleuths the slip during interrogation in a government guest house in Siliguri.The AIGL leader was murdered in broad daylight at Upper Club-side Road in Darjeeling by more then 40 masked assailants. Thirty GJM leaders and supporters were named in the chargesheet filed by the CID.After Nicole's escape, the investigation was handed over to the CBI in 2011. But the latter hasn't been able to make any headway into the case either.Though nine people have been arrested so far, and granted bail, the rest of the accused are still absconding. Dil Kumar Rai, whose name also figures in the chargesheet, was murdered in his house last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16563365", "title": "Repeal affiliation rules: Schools", "text": "GURGAON: Federation of Haryana Private Schools Association has demanded withdrawal of Haryana government's directives related to affiliation and enforcement of Right to Education (RTE). This comes ahead of the deadline given by education department for registration of schools, which ends on Thursday. The federation has also threatened to intensify their agitation by closing down all the 9,500 schools to press their demands, %putting around five lakh students studying in private schools at the receiving end. \"We will close down the schools and may never apply for new registration,\" said agitators. Besides demanding withdrawal of the condition related to re-registration of schools, the federation also sought registration of 400 unlisted schools in temporary recognized category. These schools have been asked to close their operations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16566128", "title": "\u2018Need for more vascular surgeons\u2019", "text": "JAIPUR: India needs more vascular surgeons. This was the peg of discussion by health experts during the inaugural session of the fourday19th Annual Conference of the Vascular Society of India VSICON 2012 on Wednesday.Organizing chairman of VSICON 2012, surgeon commodore, Dr V S Bedi, said there were only 20 seats available for the super-specialty course of vascular surgeons in the country.The Vascular Society of India, Dr Bedi said, had informed the Medical Council of India to increase the seats.As many as 300 vascular surgeons have gathered here to attend the conference . Dr Bedi said the conference is being specifically held here to increase the awareness among the common man and doctors in Rajasthan. He said there is not a single vascular surgeon in Jaipur.A pre-conference CME (Continuing Medical Education) was also held on Wednesday to train 70 young surgeons and residents from Rajasthan and adjoining states like Delhi, Haryana , Punjab, Madhya Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh , he said.Around 300 vascular surgeons gathered in the city for the annual conference which is being organized at SMS Convention Centre. The conference is being specifically held in Jaipur to increase the awareness in the local population and doctors in Rajasthan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16565697", "title": "Six more coal blocks to be cancelled", "text": "NEW DELHI: Stepping up action, the government on Monday decided to cancel six more coal blocks allocated to private companies and deduct bank guarantees of seven others for failing to develop the mines within the time-frame.\"Coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal on Monday approved the IMG's recommendation to de-allocate six more mines and deduct bank guarantees of seven. Earlier, the government has already announced cancelling licences of seven mines and deducting bank guarantees of seven others,\" sources said.Bhaskarpara allotted to Grasim Industries and Electrotherm; Dahegaon Markardhokra IV given to IST Steel &amp; Power; North Dhadu allotted to Electrosteel Castings; Choritand Telaiyaallotted to Rungta Mines and Gondkhari block allotted to Maharashtra Seamless were among the blocks whose deallocation was approved on Wednesday, the sources said.The seven blocks approved for deduction of bank guarantees include Seregarha block given jointly to rcelorMittal and GVK Powe; Moitra block allotted to Jayaswal Neco; Dumri block given to Neelachal Iron &amp; Steel and Durgapur II/ Sariya block allotted to DB Power, the sources said.With this, the government has accepted all the recommendations by an Inter-Ministerial Group, which had recommended de-allocation of 13 mines and deduction of bank guarantees of 14 allottees after scrutinising 31 coal blocks allotted to private companies.Among the de-allocated blocks, Dahegaon-Makardhokra IV block was given to IST Steel and Power, along with cement firms Gujarat Ambuja and Lafarge India, in June 2009. The block has a total of 48.84 million tonnes of extractable reserves. The IMG, which has concluded the scrutiny of 31 blocks allotted to private companies is likely to begin review of 31 more allotted to PSUs from October 9.Earlier, a total of 58 mines were given show cause notices for failure to develop blocks within stipulated timeline. IMG recommended the exercise of review of blocks on September 6.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16562829", "title": "Karnataka rout Mizoram 21-0 at National Championship", "text": "BANGALORE: Riding on MK Mudappa's seven-goal effort and Mohan Muthanna's five, hosts Karnataka continued their rampaging run in the Hockey India Senior National Championship with a 21-0 thrashing of underdogs Mizoram, at the hockey stadium on Wednesday.After their warm-up victory over Himachal Pradesh in their opener on Tuesday, Karnataka dominated the proceedings as they pitched camp in the rival half, giving their opponents a harrowing time. The hosts raided the Mizoram area from the word go and split their defence wide open. The northeast team, without the wherewithal to check the rival strikers, just caved in without a fight.Had Karnataka converted some more of the chances that came their way, the hosts would have ended up with an even superior scoreline than the one they eventually managed. Karnataka forced as many as 15 penalty corners, but succeeded in converting only three on a turf that has worn out circle-markers, making it more challenging for the drag-flickers to take charge.The hosts went ahead in the very third minute, courtesy an own-goal by a Mizoram defender. Thereafter, it was a goal feast as the hosts sounded the boards with consummate ease through MK Mudappa (25, 30, 39, 49, 56, 59 &amp; 63), Mohan Muthanna (21, 28, 54, 61 &amp; 64), SK Uthappa (4, 51 &amp; 53), PL Thimmana (39), Somanna KM (33 &amp; 66), Nikin Thimmaiah (65) and MB Aiyappa (60).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16565811", "title": "Fishetarians vexed by flying prices", "text": "MYSORE: Fresh water fish seems to be swimming out of the common man's reach in Mysore -- with a shortage in supply, prices are fired up. This has led to a reluctance among buyers, who are resorting to buying sea fish. Most fishetarians in Mysore depend on fresh water fish to satisfy their taste buds. With a failed monsoon and drought-like conditions, there is a shortage of fish in the market. Mysore needs more than 4,000kg of fish a day, but this season, not even half the demand is being met. The lack of monsoon water flow into ponds and lakes where fish farming is carried out has resulted in the failure to breed fish, Karnataka State Cooperative Fisheries chairman S Madegowda said. Mysore city has 38 fresh water fish outlets and each outlet sells 50kg of fish a day, with demand doubling on Sundays. Around 2,000kg is coming into the market now, with some of the supply being met from Andhra Pradesh, he said. Fish from KRS dam is a major source of supply to the Mysore market. However, as the dam water rises, inland fishing becomes difficult in the backwaters and results in a shortage of supply. The other things that contribute to scarcity are a lack of subsidy and facilities from the government to fish farmers. This is turning fresh water fish lovers to look at sea fish. To meet this demand, the fisheries department has planned to set up a cold storage in the city soon. Excess supply of fish is cleaned and stored, and later sold to consumers, Madegowda added. \"On a regular day, we sell around 300kg in our stall but nowadays, there is only half the actual supply,\" lamented Sameer, who has been in the business for the past 12 years. While a majority of supply comes from KRS, we have hiked rates because of the shortage, he added. \"Catla, rohu, havbatti, haulin and gauri comes to the market,\" added Zaheer Khan, fish merchant on Mysore Central Jail road. Now, only catla and rohu are available. Khan said that though prices are on the upswing, consumers are willing to buy. The price also varies according to the size of the fish, from Rs 80 to Rs 180 per kg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16562204", "title": "19 passengers die as bus plunges into river in Buldhana", "text": "NAGPUR: Nineteen passengers were killed and 15 injured when a state transport (ST) bus plunged into the Purna river while crossing Khiroda bridge in Sangrampur taluka of Buldhana district on Wednesday morning. The bus was going from Shegaon to Paturda. Most of the deceased were residents of Paturda or nearby villages. The incident occurred at about 10.30 am.Meanwhile, there is widespread discontent among ST employees of Shegaon depot as they held the depot manager, one Kantode, responsible for the death of bus driver Vyankat Daberao. They openly blamed Kantode when they went to the hospital in Shegaon for receiving Daberao's body. Sources in ST said that some employees had complained to Kantode about the poor condition of the bus three days ago but he did not take the bus off the road.Buldhana police said prima facie it seemed one of the tyres of the vehicle had burst when it was crossing the 200-metre long bridge, 12 km from Shegaon. The driver lost control of the bus and it plunged 35 feet below into the river. River had around nine feet water resulting in many passengers drowning.On hearing the cries of survivors, villagers present near the bridge, rushed to the help. However, 17 persons were dead on the spot due to severe injuries or drowning. The villagers informed the district administration. Ambulances and medical personnel were rushed from Shegaon. The injured were taken to Saibai Mote hospital in Shegaon for treatment. Of the 15 injured, 12 were in serious condition. The hospital authorities sent them to Akola district hospital. Two succumbed to injuries during treatment in Akola.The Buldhana district administration sent for a crane from Khamgaon. The bus was retrieved from the river after four hours of rigorous efforts.Deepak Kapoor, managing director of ST, rushed to Nagpur by flight and then to the site by road. \"We will arrange for the best of medical treatment to those injured. ST will provide Rs 1 lakh each to the kin of deceased. We will also organize vehicles to transport the bodies,\" he said. Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan also announced an additional ex-gratia of Rs 1 lakh to the kin of the deceased from CM's relief fund.ST is yet to ascertain the cause of the accident and the officials were conducting an enquiry at the site till Wednesday evening. An ST official said the Khiroda bridge did not have a parapet which could prevented the bus from plunging into the river.A neglected bridgeVillagers living near the Khiroda bridge have blamed the government for not making the bridge safe for traffic. The bridge was constructed by the British in 1930. It's height is over 40 feet above the river bed. It does not have a parapet even though the traffic over the bridge is quite heavy. The bridge is 10 to 15 feet under water when Purna is flooded. Traffic comes to a halt many times in rainy season. The bridge will be submerged when the Jigaon reservoir is completed, villagers told the media.Names of deceasedThe deceased (village): Reshma Tayde (Dattagaon), Pramila More (Kusumkhed), Namdeo Samdur (Golegaon), Saraswati Ingle (Paturda), Minakshi Tayde (Paturda), Devidas Mandavgade (Paturda), Ganesh Shirsat (Mangrul-Navghare), Wasudeo Punde (Paturda), Tulsabai Yenkar (Paturda), Zubaida Bi (Alsana), Rajendra Chandak (Shegaon), Vyankat Daberao (Telhara), Asha Bharambe, Kailash Bharambe and Shravan Nage (all Madakhed).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "16564560", "title": "Biker police teams to keep vigil in Cuttack", "text": "CUTTACK: The twin city police commissionerate launched motorcycle patrolling in Cuttack on Wednesday. The new system would improve police's response time to distress calls and ensure security on the narrow lanes of the city.In the first phase, five motorcycle patrolling teams were flagged off by DCP (Cuttack) S Praveen Kumar from his office. \"We will increase the number of motorcycles in due course,\" the DCP said on the occasion.Each patrolling team has two police constables and each of the bikes is equipped with a wireless communication set. The teams would patrol crowded areas such as Dargha Bazaar, Odia Bazaar, Bidanasi, Badambadi and Purighat, informed a police officer.\"There are many narrow lanes in the thousand year old city where the PCR patrol vans cannot enter. The motorbike patrol teams would be of great use for these crowded areas as they can reach the spot within no time,\" the police officer added.The new initiative will also help to check crimes as chain snatching, hooliganism of anti-socials on the roads, said police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16564662", "title": "Mystery fever claims three lives, but officials unsure", "text": "MADURAI: The villagers of Chittor Lotipatti in Perayur taluk of Madurai district are gripped in fear, as a mysterious fever has broke out in the locality.The villagers claimed that three elderly people have died in the last fortnight and alleged that the cause of the deaths was due to the fever. A battery of health officials is camping in the village, but they said that the cause of the deaths was yet to be ascertained. The deceased were identified as Alagarsamy (70), Budhar (60) and Lakshmi (70).\"They were elderly people. They did not visit the hospital for treatment after falling ill. So, we are left with no medical records to find out the cause of the death,\" said Latha Freeda Joan, district malaria officer, who is camping in Lottipatti.The fever has spread to many other residents too and the and panic-stricken villagers are sending their children to their relative's houses in other villages. \"Yes, a number of villagers are suffering from illness. In the last fortnight, 79 people were reported with the fever. But all have recovered. Right now, only 13 people are detected with illness. Five children and three adults among the ill have been referred to the Government Rajaji Hospital,\" she said.However, health officials say that they are yet to ascertain the cause of the fever or the nature of the illness. \"It could be viral fever. We do not know what sparked the fever. It could be due to water contamination. We have sent samples collected from the patients to Madurai Medical College and are awaiting the test results. However, we have intensified precautionary measures,\" a health official said.Chlorination of drinking water was done in the village. Health officials said that there was no incidence of the disease in neighbouring villages. \"We will monitor Lottipatti for another 15 days. Meanwhile, once the lab test results come, we would provide treatment accordingly,\" said the health official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "tokyo", "code": "16565746", "title": "Forgot card? This ATM scans hand to shell out cash", "text": "TOKYO: Forgot your ATM card at home? No worries, this Japanese machine will scan your hand and give cash.A regional bank in Japan on Wednesday started operating ATMs for cash withdrawals , deposits and balance inquiries that do not require plastic cards but instead identify account holders by scanning their hands.Account holders using the service offered by Ogaki Kyoritsu Bank based in Gifu Prefecture are required to input their birthday, place their palm on the sensor and input a PIN at an automated teller machine , Kyodo News agency reported . Registration is required at a teller counter beforehand. and the bank said customers may access their accounts even if they lose cards or passbooks after a major disaster, for instance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "16566257", "title": "Man shot at, robbed of Rs 13 lakh in Alwar", "text": "ALWAR: In a yet another case of murder for robbery, unidentified robbers shot a man and decamped with Rs 13 lakh from his possession in the Bhiwadi area of Alwar district on Wednesday.According to police, the victim Aamin Khan(35), who was riding pillion on the bike driven by his brother Nijju Khan(32), died after being shot while the latter also sustained injuries .The incident took place on Wednesday evening when Aamin and Nijju were returning after seeing a property. They had Rs 13 lakh cash in their possession . since they had gone to finalise the deal. Eventually , the deal could not be finalised so they were on their way to their village under Bhiwadi tehsil when the incident happened.\"Both the men were residents of Chopanki village under Bhiwadi tehsil of Alwar district. They were intercepted by a car in which two unidentified robbers were sitting. They shot at the man holding the bag and fled after snatching the bag containing Rs 13 lakh,\" said Umesh Chandra Dutta, Superintendent of Police, Alwar.Dutta said that the vehicle used by the robbers has been traced and efforts were on to nab the accused.\"One of the victims, Nijju Khan, had jotted down the registration number of the vehicle. The owner of the vehicle is being identified and we have sent two teams which are conducting raids to nab the assailants ,\" Dutta added.After the incident, some of the passers-by took the two injured to the nearby government hospital where Aamin was declared brought dead while Nijju, who sustained some bullet injuries on his shoulder, was undergoing treatment.A case of murder and robbery has been registered against the assailants at the Bhiwadi Phase 3 police station of the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16564607", "title": "Virtual classroom service to power learning at NIT", "text": "TRICHY: NIT-Trichy will soon adopt a virtual classroom system, and students can henceforth listen to lectures of scientists from Defence Research and Development Laboratory in Hyderabad through an uninterrupted line, said B Venkatraman, dean, research and consultancy, NIT. The DRDL already has a strong network with a number of self-financing academic institutions in the region such as Periyar Maniammai Deemed University, and Saastra University, and now NIT will join the mainstream via the National Mission on Education. The BSNL and NIC are coordinating with NIT-T to provide a dedicated link (up to 40 megabytes per second) to get higher quality video and audio. The NIT plans to record all lectures to create a knowledge bank that would in future be open to people too.The NIT-T has already availed itself of financial assistance totalling Rs 30 lakh for procurement of hardware and e-classroom infrastructure so that quality video lectures may be delivered online as well as through streaming servers. \"The infrastructure is already in place, and classes will commence from October 15,\" Venkatraman said.Owing to the online system, NIT-T faculty will also offer a course to DRDL scientists on \"Material Processing for High Technology Programs.\" This course will be spread over three to six months and for a duration of 90 hours. As a result of this, NIT-T will offer \"missiles programme\", an elective subject, to students from 2013 academic year. The DRDL scientists will take classes to NIT-T students through video conferencing. Interestingly, NIT-T's industrial partners like BHEL will also handle classes for DRDL scientists in this fashion.Talking about the virtues of the knowledge module that would bring change in the paradigms of learning and talent nurturing, he said this system would share quality teachers to all students spread over different parts of the country. Moreover, if there were 200 students for a particular subject, they could be bifurcated into groups and made to sit at two different classrooms for the purpose of learning. \"Since the dedicated internet service would give us quality video and audio, all lectures would be recorded, and this would in future facilitate opportunities for placing the right talent at the right place,\" Venkatraman said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16563327", "title": "Inter-college event at Mapusa", "text": "PANAJI: The department of bachelor of business administration (Travel and tourism), St Xavier's College, Mapusa, will celebrated World Tourism Day on September 27 at the college hall. The theme chosen is 'Tourism and sustainable energy: Empowering sustainable development'. The highlights of the programme are a 'wealth out of waste' competition, quiz competition and 'blind art'.Smoking Chutney at Nerul: Jazz ensemble 'Smoking Chutney' will perform at The Sol, Nerul, on September 27 from 8pm onwards. The jazz band features Chrystal Farrell (vocals), Benoy Rai (guitar), Bernhard Schmidt (saxophone), Sancho Menezes (keyboards), Colin D'Cruz (bass) and Bosco D'Souza (drums). For details call on 6714141.Drawing contest for students at Panaji: Goa reserve police camp (GRPC), Altinho-Panaji, on the occasion of the Ganesh Chaturthi festival will organize a drawing competition on September 27, between 3pm and 5.30pm. The competition will be split in three categories with different themes. The theme for Class I-IV students is 'Animals', for Class V-VI is 'Ganesh Chaturthi idol with decorations' and for Class VIII-X is 'Traffic jam at a four-road junction'. Those interested should contact the office of the deputy superintendent of police at GRPC. Spot entries will also be accepted.For details contact Rajesh Nagvekar (Ph: 9637097146) or Deepak Gawas (Ph: 7350575454).Humour, speech contest:Goa YMCA Toastmasters Club, affiliated to Toastmasters International, will organize humour and evaluation speech contest at YMCA, Campal-Panaji, on September 28 at 6.15pm. For details and registration, contact Conrad Fernandes (Ph: 9096039940) or Umesh Padmanabha (Ph: 98822142340).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16562719", "title": "Murugesan is new HC chief justice", "text": "NEW DELHI: Reputed for having instilled civic discipline in Chennai, Justice Darmar Murugesan took oath as chief justice of Delhi high court on Wednesday. What will interest Delhiites is Justice Murugesan's track record in enforcing the law. During his stint as a judge in Madras high court, he cracked down on illegal street bike racing that plagued Chennai. He expressed repeated concern over bikers racing down the city's street even during peak hours and had asked the police to curb the menace.His role in putting an end to the notorious \"bus day\" celebrations by college students is widely acknowledged. Students made life in the city come to a halt by creating a ruckus in buses and obstructing traffic flow. The court had frowned upon authorities for allowing 150 students to board a bus meant for 60 passengers and permitting them to travel on rooftops/footboards of these vehicles in violation of the Motor Vehicles Act.Similarly, his intolerance for traffic violations resulted in the police booking more than two lakh cases against those who drove without helmets. With the Delhi government yet to implement key provisions of Motor Vehicles Act that makes helmets for women mandatory, it will be interesting to see how the court views this.Justice Murugesan was soon introduced to various problems faced by Delhi as he dealt with several PILs, while sharing a division bench with Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw. On Wednesday, which is dedicated to hearing public interest cases, the new chief justice came to know the multiplicity of authorities that exists in Delhi and how it leads to mounting problems. PILs landed before him highlighting water woes in Dwarka, conditions of juveniles who languish in prisons, preservation of water bodies across the city and inadequate hostel facilities for Delhi University students.Earlier in the day, the 62-year-old judge was administered oath of office by Lt Governor Tejendra Khanna at a function at Raj Niwas which was attended by chief minister Sheila Dikshit and other judges of the Delhi high court. Justice Murugesan, born on June 10, 1951, was appointed as a judge of the Madras high court on March 2, 2000, more than 24 years after he enrolled as a member of the Bar on August 27, 1975.He was made a permanent judge of the Madras high court on June 13, 2001.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16565996", "title": "Now GPS will help track, clear muck", "text": "BANGALORE: Be it a common man on the road or a BBMP official, everyone can now monitor uncleared garbage through their smart phones.An application, similar to the one developed by Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation ( GHMC), this is the brainchild of Visakhapatnambased Bluefrog Mobile Technologies. Introduced by BBMP, this initiative is meant to encourage real-time reports generated by off-site real time monitoring system.According to officials, each ward will have two to three transfer points which will be geo-fenced (particular position will be fixed using Global Positioning System ). The latitude and longitude of these points will be superimposed on a Google map and these images will be instantly transferred to the central server. This will then be made available in the public domain.\"Through this application, real-time garbage situation can be monitored. Officials concerned will take photographs of the transit points thrice a day and upload them. As it is geofenced, taking any other photograph elsewhere is ruled out. The status of clearance can then be monitored through the internet,\" explained Kalyandhar, director of the company.\"Through Google map, we get to see the total number of transit points in the city. If there is a green mark on the map, garbage is cleared, if it is red, it is not. Yellow indicates that the official concerned has not sent the report ,\" explained Kalyandhar.He also added that when garbage is not cleared from the transit point, an SMS alert will be sent to the assistant engineer concerned. If the muck is still not cleared, an alert will be sent every two hours to higher authorities, including executive engineer and superintendent engineer. Next, the alert will be sent to the additional commissioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16564798", "title": "Chidambaram's plea to extend CRPF chief\u2019s tenure rejected", "text": "NEW DELHI: CRPF chief K Vijay Kumar is readying to hang up his boots on September 30 as the proposal for a one-year extension of his tenure seems to have fallen through. With the Union home ministry yet to decide on his successor, the country's largest paramilitary force could be headless for a while.Keen to maintain continuity in the anti-Maoist operations, former home minister P Chidambaram had proposed one-year extension for Kumar, a 1975 batch IPS officer of Tamil Nadu cadre, credited with boosting the morale of the three-lakh strong CRPF and making significant gains in anti-Maoist operations.With a change in guard at the home ministry though, the fate of the proposal became uncertain. A former home secretary said, \"It requires political will to push through an officer's extension.\"The names of possible successors doing the rounds include Rajasthan DGP Harish Chandra Meena, whose brother Namo Narain Meena is a Union minister. National Security Guards DG Subhash Joshi and former Odisha DGP Manmohan Praharaj are also possible contenders.Kumar turned down a three-month extension offered to him. Extension for IPS officers heading central police forces is unprecedented. IAS officers have often been given extensions, sometimes multiple, but not IPS officers. Former cabinet secretary K M Chandrasekhar had a tenure of four years, including two extensions. During the re-employment period, the CRPF chief is not a member of the service to which he belonged while he was in service. So, service rules don't allow such officers kit maintenance allowance either.\"Re-employment would mean erosion of authority of the CRPF chief that's undesirable in such a crucial post,\" said a senior home ministry officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16565591", "title": "World Heart Day run on Sunday", "text": "MANGALORE: Come Sunday, the port city will witness hundreds of people running for a cause. The city-based Kasturba Medical College Hospital will organize the run as part of the World Heart Day (WHD) celebrations.The rally will be flagged off at Dr TMA Pai Convention Centre here on MG Road at 7am and participants will traverse through MG Road, PVS circle and Bunts Hostel circle. The rally will conclude at KMC Hospital premises. KMC has been organizing this event for the past eight years. Renowned sports personalities like former Indian cricketer Sunil Joshi and national-level walker Subrahmanya KM will hit the streets with participants in the rally. To spread awareness on exercises and prevention of heart diseases, KMC hospital will also organize educational and entertainment games at the City Centre Mall on Saturday 29 at 5pm. KMC hospital senior interventional cardiologist Padmanabha Kamath said that there is a need for awareness about heart diseases because by 2025 India will have the maximum number of heart patients in the world. The motto of organizing WHD run is to create awareness about importance of screening of heart to prevent heart diseases; about healthy lifestyle and diet; and to stay away from consumption of tobacco products. KMC hospital medical superintendent Madhusudhan Upadya pointed out that cardio exercises play a vital role for prevention of heart related diseases. Of the 10 cases that we get 2 are from children. KMC will also be providing various treatments at a very low price as part of WHD till October 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16565014", "title": "College teachers in Bengal must put in 5 hours a day: State govt", "text": "KOLKATA: It will soon be mandatory for teachers in all 450 government colleges across Bengal to put in a minimum of five working hours daily, six days a week. The rule, which the higher education department is set to notify through a circular, is likely to be come into effect from November 1.A similar circular was issued by the Left Front government in 1999 but wasn't implemented. The Bratya Basu-led higher education department is, however, determined to bring teachers' working hours in line with the recommendations of the University Grants Commission (UGC), which wants a 40-hour working week for teachers in government colleges. The UGC inquired about teachers' current working hours in a letter to the department last month.Only elite colleges like St Xavier's, Lady Brabourne, Bethune and Victoria Girls enforce the working-hour norm now. Officials said the department had already asked 34 colleges to file teachers' performance reports (TPRs). Once the circular is notified, filing of monthly TPRs will also become mandatory for all state-run and aided colleges, as will maintaining attendance registers with details of number of classes taught. Teachers not obeying will be penalized with pay cuts.A senior higher education department official told TOI, \"It is necessary for teachers to be present in college at least five hours every day. The government will provide the necessary space infrastructure to colleges. The state government is implementing the Career Advancement Scheme from November 1 (which will see MPhil and PhD holders get a pay hike and promotions in some cases). We plan to issue the guideline the same month,\" the official added.The government may also specify the teaching hours of lecturers, readers and professors. \"In case of lecturers and assistant professors, 16 hours a week is mandatory. In case of readers and professors, it is 14 hours. A relaxation of two hours may be given to professors who are involved in research,\" the official said.The minimum number of mandatory working days in government colleges will be specified as well. \"Colleges must have 180 actual teaching days, which means a minimum of 30 weeks of teaching in the academic year. Ten weeks may be denoted to administrative and examination activities and non-instructional days like the sports. Ten more weeks will account for vacations in a year and two weeks for other activities,\" the official said.The move was prompted by a flood of complaints about teachers not attending college for more than two or three hours in many colleges. \"We cannot let this happen. Private tuitions have become lucrative business for many college teachers,\" another senior government official said.Dipak Kar, principal of Ashutosh College, says no records of teachers' working hours are maintained. Preenan Sarkar, third-year statistics student at Maulana Azad College, says students lose interest when a teacher is irregular.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16563171", "title": "900 acres, Rs 2,000cr sanctioned for two leather parks in Uttar Pradesh", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a bid to promote leather production in the state, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Wednesday sanctioned over 900 acres of land for setting up two leather parks, in Sandila, Hardoi and at Ramaipur in Kanpur. Expected to attract an investment of Rs 2,000 crore, the state-of-the-art leather clusters, government officials say, will be completed in approximately four years.Clearing the two green-field Mega Leather Cluster (MLC) projects after meeting a delegation of leather industrialists from Kanpur, Akhilesh Yadav asked Uttar Pradesh State Industrial Development Corporation (UPSIDC) to make available land for these projects.Speaking to TOI, UPSIDC managing director Manoj Kumar Singh said: \"States like Tamil Nadu have raced ahead of UP in developing their leather business. Land being one of the most crucial concerns, the state government's decision to set up leather clusters will allow future expansion of UP's leather industry.''Singh also said setting up leather clusters in this case will be easier considering UPSIDC is already in possession of 300 acres in Sandila Industrial Area of the corporation. In addition, the government also owns 400 acres of land in Ramaipur area of Kanpur district. This land, said Singh, will be resumed for use by the government, while the remaining 225 acres, he said, will be acquired after following the proper acquisition processes.Infrastructure and Industrial Development Commissioner Anil Kumar Gupta said the proposed integrated leather parks will be equipped with state-of-the-art infrastructure, technology and production chain to meet the demands of domestic markets and standards for export. In a bid to promote the small and medium scale leather processing units, the government has also said 50 per cent space will be set aside for units in this category, to carry out their production activities at the leather clusters.To mitigate pollution and ensure environment conservation, leather clusters will also be given facilities for treating effluents generated in the parks. Provisions for rain water harvesting, warehousing, raw material banks, exhibition centre, design centre and human resource development are also proposed in the clusters. A government release issued on Wednesday also said each park will have to attract an investment of Rs 1,000 crores and create employment for nearly 10,000 persons.Singh also said the mega leather clusters would be implemented through special purposes vehicles (SPV) under a Government of India scheme for development of mega leather clusters. Under the scheme, 70 per cent contribution is made by the Government of India while the remaining facilitation is done by the state government. Ordinarily, the SPV is a corporate body promoted by a group of entrepreneurs engaged in leather industry willing to set up units in proposed MLC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16563189", "title": "Collector orders criminal action against those buying kerosene illegally", "text": "COIMBATORE: Collector M Karunagaran has ordered criminal action against those who illegally purchase kerosene despite having additional cylinders and a cancellation of their ration cards.The orders of the collector comes following the seizure of 591 litres of kerosene worth Rs38,000 illegally stocked at various houses during the recent raids conducted by district supply officers in the city.The inspectors seized 415 litres of ration kerosene from the house of M Sriram, a resident of SRT Layout, another 140 litres from the house of Sekar and 10 litres from the house of Jahir Hussain, both residents of Annaiangad main road and 20 litres from the house of Jaishankar residing in Athiyendran Naicker east street. Another five ration cards were also seized from people who purchased the kerosene illegally.Speaking to TOI R Gunalan, district supply officer, said that the inspection was jointly conducted by the district revenue officer, officials from district supply office, and civil supplies thasildar, following an instruction from the district collector.He said the continuous inspections over the last two months had helped save at least 6,000 litres of kerosene. In most cases it was found that people had lied about having purchased two cylinders. Many others were purchasing the kerosene illegally.He said they had received complaints of severe shortage of kerosene. Ration shops were given only 70% of the allotment, as the overall allotment of kerosene to Tamil Nadu was reduced by the central government.As per the norms, people within corporation limits who do not purchase cylinders are entitled to10 liters of kerosene, while those purchasing a single cylinder can avail three liters of kerosene. Those without cylinders in municipality areas can purchase six liters of kerosene and three liters for single cylinder. Similarly in town panchayat areas the quantity is further reduced to five liters for no cylinder and 3 liters for single cylinder.A senior official on conditions of anonymity said that the district should be supplied 28 lakh litres of kerosene, but only 20 lakh litres have been given, which has also contributed to the shortage. Steps are being taken on war footing to curb the illegal sale by implementing severe measures, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16565549", "title": "Skydiving event deferred to November", "text": "MANGALORE: The first ever skydiving event scheduled to be held at the Panambur beach to mark World Tourism Day has been deferred to November. Panambur Beach Tourism Development Project CEO Yathish Baikampady told TOI that due to unavoidable reasons the event will be held in November. The dates will be decided later. He said that there was good response with 32 enquiries. The event will be organized by New Delhi-based Kakini Enterprises in association with Dakshina Kannada district administration and Panambur Beach Tourism Development Project. Yatish said a four-seater plane from Chimes Aviation Academy in Dhana, Madhya Pradesh, would take skydivers up in the air. \"We had obtained clearance from the Airports Authority of India and the union ministry of civil aviation. Now that the event has been deferred, we will have to again apply for permission and required licences,'' Yathish added. In the event, skydiving enthusiasts can jump out of the plane, open their parachutes, and land on the Panambur beach after a few minutes of exciting moments in the air.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16563234", "title": "Sudanese students released on producing bills", "text": "COIMBATORE: Seven Sudanese students who were detained by customs officials at Coimbatore airport and later handed over to the forest department on Tuesday were released on Wednesday after they submitted their bills. At the same time Customs officials have asked the students to appear before them on Thursday.The Sudanese students who are studying in various city colleges were waiting to board the Sharjah Flight on Tuesday evening. Meanwhile, customs officials detected sandalwood in their baggage.District Forest Officer V Thirunavukarasu, who questioned the students on Wednesday said they had produced bills for the sandalwood they carried. \"The bills are convincing,\" he said. The law allows an individual to carry sandalwood up to 5 kilos, with proper receipts and bills. As they submitted the bills they were released.Meanwhile, customs officials have shown interest in following up on the case. They have asked the students to appear before them on Thursday. A senior customs official said that they are studying the records and will verify if they have done anything illegal. \"We want to make sure that they are innocent,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16563462", "title": "Goods worth 6 lakh stolen from St Inez flat", "text": "PANAJI: Cash and jewellery worth 6 lakh was stolen from a flat in St Inez, Panaji, on Wednesday between 10am and 1.30 pm.Lumena Fernandes, a housewife, in her complaint to the Panaji police stated that unknown persons entered her flat at Models Residency by breaking the front door lock and decamped with cash of 5 lakh and jewellery worth 1.15 lakh from her cupboard. The jewellery consisted of four gold bangles worth 1 lakh and fake jewellery worth 15,000.An offence has been registered under Sections 454 and 380 of the IPC. PSI Amarnath Passi is investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16563266", "title": "Cops file rape charges in Malwani case", "text": "MUMBAI: The Malwani police registered a case against an unidentified person for the rape of a 15-year-old mentally challenged girl. The incident came to light after the girl's family found out that she was pregnant.They then approached local MLA Aslam Shaikh, who directed them to the cops.On Tuesday, the victim was sent for a medical examination, which confirmed the pregnancy.Cops said the victim hasn't been able to narrate about the incident but has said she was ferried in autos. They will make inquiries among auto drivers in the area. We have to handle the case with tact as the victim is mentally challenged and is facing difficulties in telling us about the accused.\"We may seek counsellor's help,\" said an officer.The girl's custody has been handed back to her parents.Police officials said the victim, who resides at Mahakali in Malwani, comes from a modest background-her father is a stove repairer and mother a housewife. Her 12-year-old brother too is mentally challenged. The family resides at Mahakali area in Malwani.\"We registered the case after reports confirmed the girl was pregnant. As she is a minor, her consent for an intercourse is immaterial. The accused must have taken advantage of the fact that her father is usually away at work for most part of the day,\" the official said. The girl's family has been staying on the streets after their house was demolished.No arrests have been made yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16562790", "title": "CWG scam: Court tells CBI to give OC copies of seized papers", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Wednesday asked the CBI to provide the Commonwealth Games Organizing Committee copies of various documents seized by it during its probe into various games-related scams.Justice Rajiv Shakdher asked CBI to provide the copies within four weeks. The court also asked OC to appoint a person within two days to identify documents which it wanted to use in various arbitral proceedings.Disposing of the petition, the bench clarified that the expenses incurred in getting the voluminous documents photocopied would be borne by the CWG OC.HC was hearing OC's plea for a direction to the CBI to provide it the copies of various documents seized by the investigating agency during its probe into various cases against some of the CWG OC office bearers, including Suresh Kalmadi.\"All the seized documents are our property and they should be given back for enabling us to pursue effectively the various arbitral proceedings which are either initiated by us or by some firms, entrusted with various works for the sporting event,\" the OC had argued.The OC also contended that though some of its former office bearers are facing criminal charges, it is not an accused in any of the cases and hence it cannot be deprived of its rightful claim over the documents.The CBI counsel said though the agency had no problem in giving the documents, the fact remained that some of the OC office bearers were chargesheeted in various criminal cases and investigation was still on in some cases.The OC wanted copies of various documents seized by CBI to enable it to pursue arbitral proceedings against various firms", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16566196", "title": "Policing, not publicity, should be more important for Mumbai Police", "text": "Wednesday's non-event proves how much importance our protectors attach to your security, which is the biggest concern in Mumbai today. Does even a community policing scheme need the august presence of a minister to be launched? Do our ministers and cops need the presence of flashbulbs to start a scheme that is now a crying necessity? The number of well-intentioned schemes initiated by former regimes and now gathering dust lead us to suspect a similar fate for this scheme as well. But we'll be happy if we are proved wrong.Related story : Are the police serious about senior-citizen plan?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16563352", "title": "Ilegal hoardings removed", "text": "GURGAON: Continuing with its efforts to remove illegal hoardings across the city, the enforcement wing of Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) took out a drive on Wednesday in Palam Vihar to get rid of these advertisements. These hoardings not only pose a danger to padestrians, they also cause a large revenue loss to the municipal corporation as the people who put these up do not pay advertisement tax. \"Today's drive was carried out in zone-II of the MCG area in which places like Bajgehra Road, New Palam Vihar Road were targeted. Our team was able to remove around 10 big hoardings apart from 50 other small advertisements that were put all across these two roads. We had adequate police protection and therefore we did not face any sort of hurdle. We will continue to carry out such drives in the coming days,\" said a spokesperson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar/ angul", "code": "16564377", "title": "BJD workers agitate against Nalco divestment", "text": "BHUBANESWAR/ ANGUL: Stepping up its resistance to divestment of Nalco, the ruling BJD on Wednesday warned the Centre to rescind the decision, failing which it would intensify its stir.Hundreds of BJD activists along with members of the Nalco Coordination Committee demonstrated near Nalco's smelter plant in Angul, two days after it agitated in front of the Navratna company's refinery unit's at Damanjodi in Koraput district.The ruling BJD, in an apparent bid to match the Congress' increasing bellicosity, has been trying to create public opinion against the UPA government's move to sell off 12.15% stake of Nalco, bringing down its share to 75%. Earlier, the Centre had divested its 12.85% stakes.\"Unless the Centre rollbacks this anti-people and anti-Odisha decision on Nalco, we will intensify our agitation,\" BJD youth president Sanjay Dasburma. The BJD would be organizing a demonstration in Bhubaneswar in front of Nalco's corporate office on September 28.Members of the Nalco Coordination Committee also condemned the Centre's decision to sell stakes from Nalco. The committee's leader Bidipta Chandra Ray said Nalco, which the Centre established with an investment of Rs 1208 crore, has already earned a profit of Rs 18,000 crore. \"In the past, we protested against the central government's move of privatizing the Nalco. We will continue our protest till the government withdraws its decision.\"Working president of Nalco Employees Sangha (NES) Dilip Mishra said, \"Nalco is a profitable company. If it is disinvested private parties would benefit. We will resist the move of the central government till it cancels its decision.\"Chairman-cum-managing director of Nalco Anshuman Das, however, backed the Centre's decision. \"In no way expansion or operational work of Nalco will be affected by the disinvestment,\" Das said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16562775", "title": "Maharashtra govt rejects Kasab's mercy plea", "text": "MUMBAI: Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan rejected Pakistani gunman Ajmal Kasab's mercy petition on Tuesday. The application has now been sent to governor K Sankaranarayanan.The state home department first received a reference note from President Pranab Mukherjee's office over the mercy petition last Friday. Immediately after receiving the application, the home department placed it before home minister RR Patil with negative remarks. Patil, who was not in office on Friday, took a decision on Monday. In his note, Patil mentioned, \"Kasab's mercy plea should be rejected and he should be executed at the earliest.\"The file was then forwarded to Chavan's office. Chavan endorsed Patil's view and rejected the file on Tuesday. After the governor goes through the application, the file will be sent to the Union government. The government had acted with alacrity in view of the mounting pressure from the Opposition Shiv Sena-BJP to send the Kasab to the gallows.Last week, Patil urged the Union government to dispose of Kasab's plea by \"by-passing\" the existing wait list. Patil then had stated that Kasab's case is different from other and the government of India should take his mercy petition on priority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16565888", "title": "Lecture series on science", "text": "MYSORE: Karnataka Science and Technology Academy in association with Sri Jayachamarajendra College of Engineering will organize a three-day post graduate lecture series from September 27. The theme of the conference is 'emerging trends in computer science and information technology'. The programme is aimed at encouraging science students to pursue studies in various aspects of science and take up research and development activities. The programme will have 12 lectures on potentials and latest developments in the field of information technology. The inaugural will be held at the computer science and information science block at 9.30am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16566309", "title": "Change in weather triggers urticaria among children", "text": "LUDHIANA: With the change in weather, the city hospitals are receiving an increasing number of kids suffering from urticaria - a skin allergy.Urticaria or hives is an allergic reaction trigged by various factors like food allergy, environmental allergens, drugs, insect bites and heat, among others.Experts say it is characterized by the formation of itchy red or whitish raised patches that may last for a few hours or weeks.Dr Vikas Bansal, consultant paediatrics at SPS Apollo Hospital, says, \"In this season, urticaria is caused in children due to environmental allergens, like pollens. Besides, insects and mosquitoes increase during the period and cause the ailment. The allergy, which causes mild burning sensation, may occur all of a sudden.\"Dr Daljeet Singh, paediatrician and principal of Dayanand Medical College and Hospital (DMCH), says, \"The number of kids suffering from urticaria doubles during this time of the year. The malady is more common and severe in one to three years olds.\"Doctors have a piece of advice for parents: Identify the source of allergy and keep kids away from it.\"The best way to check the disease is keep children away from allergens. To cure it, we prescribe anti-histamine drugs too. And in severe cases, which are rare, we prescribe steroids. \" says Dr Naveen Bajaj, a neonatologist at Deep Hospital.\"Parents should properly cover their babies before taking them out for walks, as chances of insect bites are more at green spaces,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "16565889", "title": "Bodoland People's Progressive Front dharna against diesel price hike, FDI", "text": "KOKRAJHAR: The Bodoland People's Progressive Front (BPPF) on Wednesday staged a three-hour sit-in demonstration in front of Pragati Bhavan in Kokrajhar in protest against the hike in fuel price, FDI in retail and the cap on subsidised LPG cylinders.BPPF leaders who participated in the demonstration include party president Rabiram Narzary, former Rajya Sabha member U G Brahma, former BTC executive member Bisiram Narzary, BPPF president of Kokrajhar district Rabiram Uzir and president of the party's youth wing, Kokrajhar, Madhav Brahma.The party submitted a memorandum to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh through Kokrajhar deputy commissioner Jayant Narlikar demanding roll back in diesel prices, lifting of the cap on subsidised LPG cylinders and withdrawal of FDI from retail sector.The party said allowing FDI in retail will deprive local petty businessmen of their livelihood. Narzary said the steep hike in diesel prices is causing fluctuation in prices of other essential commodities, including food items. He said majority people of the country's population has a spending capacity of Rs 30 in a day and the uncontrolled price rise would worsen their condition as only financially well-off people can cope with the inflation.\"Since fuel price is related to the prices of essential commodities, the government should withdraw the anti-poor policy,\" said Narzary. He said the BPPF will not accept the restriction of subsidized LPG cylinders to six per year for each family. \"A family needs around 24 cylinders in a year and the cap is unjustified,\" he said, adding that the government should remove the cap considering the decreased availability of firewood. Narzary said the decision of the government to allow 51 per cent FDI in the multi-brand retail sector with the strategic purpose of boosting GDP growth is against the interests of the poor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16569293", "title": "Denikaina Ready to be dubbed in Malayalam", "text": "Manchu Vishnu's forthcoming rom-com Denikaina Ready will be dubbed in Malayalam. The actor, who is famous for his role in \"Dhee\", is all set to capture Malayalam audience with his forthcoming release in Gods Own Country. This is the first time Vishnu Manchu's film is be dubbed in Malayalam and release simultaneously.Co-starring Hansika Motwani, the film is being directed by G Nageshwara Reddy and the music launch of the film is scheduled to take place at the special Gandharva Mahal set erected for UKUP on September 28. Produced by 24 Frames Factory, Denikaina Ready is nearing all the post production formalities and is gearing for release in October. The audio release of the Malayalam version will be held in the first week of October in Kochi. Yuvan Shankar Raja has scored the music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16553895", "title": "No separate flat for Katrina in Chicago", "text": "The weather in Chicago is as unpredictable as Salman Khan's moods. Luckily Katrina is not shooting with Salman but Aamir for a 20-day schedule of Dhoom 3 . However she has been asked to keep an additional 3-4 days free of other engagements.\"Anything can happen to the weather in Chicago. The climate swings are decidedly freaky. The day can start off sunny and then there's a sudden hailstorm and we are forced to stop shooting,\" says a Dhoom 3 actor from Chicago.So Katrina goes with a 4-day grace period which would probably be used to shoot that pending song with Shah Rukh Khan in Switzerland for Yash Chopra's Jab Tak Hai Jaan . \"It would depend entirely on the weather conditions in Chicago. If all goes smoothly for Katrina in Chicago, Shah Rukh will fly down to Switzerland around October 24-25 where he will be joined by Katrina for the song. He then returns home in time for his birthday on 2 November.\"While Aamir Khan has chosen to stay in an apartment with his wife and baby son in Chicago during the long schedule for Dhoom 3 , Katrina who now joins Aamir prefers to stay in a hotel, although as per protocol Yashraj offered her accommodation similar to Aamir's.\"But for Katrina it's very lonely to stay in an apartment all alone .She goes through that experience in Mumbai where she has no one to share her home with. When shooting outside Mumbai, Katrina prefers the detached neutrality of a hotel. It's far more convenient and practical. She might be joined for a few days by her sister who lives in New York. In any case it is going to be a hectic schedule for Katrina .While shooting for Dhoom 3 she would also have to fly to Switzerland for her romantic song with Shah Rukh Khan in Yash Chopra's Jab Tak Hai Jaan .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "16563858", "title": "120 sarpanches quit in J&K;, Omar hits out at Congress", "text": "SRINAGAR: Deepening the crisis of grassroots democracy in Kashmir, the number of panchayat chiefs announcing their resignations reached 120 on Wednesday. While 50 sarpanches have already sent in their resignation letters, they were joined by 70 others who issued advertisements in newspapers declaring they were quitting after threats from Lashkar-e-Taiba . No resignation has been accepted so far by the government.Responding to terror attacks on panchayat chiefs across the Valley in which four of them have been killed, Jammu &amp; Kashmir chief minister Omar Abdullah on Wednesday dared the militants to attack him instead of striking at unprotected village officials. He said the militants were cowards who attacked unarmed sarpanches. \"My government will protect them,\" Omar said.Omar, pilloried by the opposition PDP for not protecting sarpanches in the state, said the media was blowing the issue out of proportion. \"I want to remove the misgiving that panchayat chiefs are being killed and the government is silent. The media is also overstating their resignation claiming 120 have quit whereas the government has received resignations of only 50 panchayat chiefs. No resignation has been accepted,\" Omar said. The CM also called on President Pranab Mukherjee to brief him about the state's political and developmental affairs on Wednesday.Militant outfits, Omar said, were trying to derail the panchayati raj institution, but won't succeed. He said the government would provide security to the panchayat chiefs. A representative body of panchayat chiefs is leaving for Delhi to meet Rahul Gandhi next week.Omar also took a dig at the Congress, saying it should not go public highlighting what Saifuddin Soz is asking for; namely, amendments that would give powers to the panchayats to intervene in the administrative functioning. Omar categorically refused to include the amendments as this is against the spirit of the state constitution.Asked whether the spate of terror attacks were frustrating him in his bid to get Armed Forces Special Powers Act removed, Omar said, \"We never asked for the revocation of AFSPA from areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16569604", "title": "Supreme Court permits Sasikala to inspect documents in DA case", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court today permitted Sasikala Natrajan, a close aide of Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa, to inspect certain documents filed by the probe agency in the disproportionate assets case pending against them before a Bangalore trial court.A bench of justices P Sathasivam and Ranjan Gogoi while allowing Sasikala's plea said that the same shall be completed within 21 days and the special court trying the offence would determine the venue.The Supreme Court, however, clarified that today's order would not affect, in any manner, any part of the ongoing trial or examination of the witnesses that has taken place so far.The court had on September 5 reserved its order after hearing arguments by Sasikala's counsel on her appeal against the Karnataka high court ruling, which had concurred with the trial court order that she was not entitled to the documents which were not part of the charge sheet.Earlier on June 25, the apex court had refused to stay the trial but had allowed her to place on record the relevant material relating to her claim that she was not provided with certain documents relating to the questions put to her in the ongoing day-to-day trial.Jaya and others are accused of amassing disproportionate wealth during her tenure as chief minister in 1991-96.On November 4 last year, the apex court had dismissed Jayalalithaa's plea for exemption from personal appearance before the trial court in Bangalore.The disproportionate assets (DA) case allegedly involves accumulation of assets worth over Rs 66 crore by Jayalalithaa between 1991 and 1996.The DA case proceedings were shifted out of Tamil Nadu by the apex court in November 2003 following a petition filed by DMK leader K Anbazhagan when AIADMK was in power.Jayalalithaa had said that the jewellery, silverware and footwear were \"over valued\" by Tamil Nadu's directorate of Vigilance and Anti-Corruption and that she did not own all the sarees confiscated in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16564533", "title": "'Persons with low immunity most vulnerable'", "text": "JAIPUR: With several swine flu cases resurfacing in the state, medical experts claimed that H1N1 influenza is an infectious disease but the virus infects only persons with low immunity.Patients, mostly from rural areas, with symptoms of swine flu have showed no contact history. Recently, swine flu cases have been reported from smaller cities such as Bundi and Tonk. A 48-year-old person from Railgaon village in Kota died of swine flu in a government hospital September 6.The medical health and family welfare department officials claimed he had not come in contact with any infected person.The department said it has released instructions related to swine flu but the situation is not alarming. In September, swine flu deaths were reported from Jaipur, Jodhpur, Kota, Bundi and Sikar districts.In Bundi, a 40-year-old woman died of swine flu three days ago, while a 34-year-old patient has been diagnosed with swine flu-like symptoms.His swab samples have been sent to Kota's government laboratory. A department official said the patient had not gone out of the village for two months, ruling out chances of being infected with H1N1 virus.A swine flu patient from Tonk district has been admitted to Sawai Man Singh (SMS) hospital. SMS hospital's acting superintendent Dr Rajesh Sharma said, \"We have received a patient from Tonk district. He is 75 years old. Last week three swine flu patients were admitted to the hospital.\"According to medical health and family welfare department officials persons with low immunity, particularly pregnant women and elderly, are easy targets for the virus.Those with better immunity recover quickly even if affected by the disease.Tonk's chief medical health officer Dr Ramphool Meena said, \"The person who tested positive for swine flu is 75 years old and has been admitted to the hospital. For the past couple of months, he has been undergoing treatment for a lung disease. Now he has tested positive for swine flu.\"Doctors said lack of awareness and late diagnosis of the disease are reasons for spread of the disease in rural areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16566012", "title": "Only main suspects to stay in custody", "text": "BANGALORE: With their remand coming to an end, 11 terror suspects will be produced before a Bangalore court on Thursday.They were arrested by a special team of the Central Crime Branch on August 29 near Shankar Mutt in Basaveshwaranagar police limits.\"We will be producing all 11 suspects but only seven or eight main suspects will be taken in for further custody on Thursday. We will file an application before the court to this effect,\" police commissioner BG Jyothi Prakash Mirji told TOI.Police sources said there was not much progress in the investigation as the suspects were \"tough nuts to crack\".\"We have tried out best, but they are not forthcoming about the main perpetrators in their module,\"said a source.Those who will be produced in court are Shoaib Ahmed Mirza, Muthi-ur-Rahman , Abdul Hakeem Jamadar , Riaz Ahmed Byahatti , Mohd Yusuf Nalband, Aijaz Ahmed Mirza, Obedulla Bahadur alias Imran, Wahid Hussein alias Sohail, Dr Jaffer Iqbal, Mohammed Sadiq alias Raju and Babu alias Mehaboob.NO MORE ARRESTSPolice sources said the special team investigating the terror suspects case did not arrest anyone other than the 14 presently in their custody.\"We did not arrest any person from RT Nagar, but took possession of the hard disk of a computer in his cyber cafe. We don't know about any missing complaint filed by anybody,\" an officer said.JC Nagar police stated that Umar, who runs the cyber cafe , was taken in a police jeep on Sunday. \"There is no missing complaint with us. Umar's parents, who filed the complaint, said they did not notice the registration number of the police jeep,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "lincoln (new zealand)", "code": "16571402", "title": "Ambati Rayudu's century rescues India A against New Zealand A", "text": "LINCOLN (NEW ZEALAND): Ambati Rayudu's fine knock of 105 resurrected India A's floundering innings as the team posted a challenging 339 in their first innings on the second day of the first unofficial cricket Test against New Zealand A on Thursday.In reply, the Kiwis were four down for 105 in 31.4 overs when bad light forced an early end to the proceedings at the Bert Sutcliffe Oval.Struggling at 136 for four overnight, Rayudu single-handedly lifted the team out of the precarious situation. After some decent contributions from the lower-order batsmen, the Indians seem to be in a position of strength now.The rebuilding job started with Rayudu sharing a 59-run fifth-wicket stand with Ashok Menaria , who made a 47-ball 30, including four boundaries, to stabilise the innings after a mini-collapse on day one.After Menaria was dismissed by an economical Neil Wagner, Rayudu found another able partner in wicketkeeper Naman Ojha (41). The duo shared the most important partnership of the innings that contributed 105 runs to the Indian total.Ojha struck three fours and a couple of sixes during his 59-ball stay in the middle which ended when he was caught by all-rounder Luke Woodcock off the bowler's own bowling.Rayudu's resillient knock, during which he smashed 15 fours and a six, also came to an end soon after when he edged an Andy McKay delivery to wicketkeeper Reece Young.The rest of the lower order could not hold fort for too long and the innings eventually folded after 86 overs.The host team's reply was off to a disastrous start as they lost a wicket off the very first ball when opener George Worker (0) was trapped LBW by R Vinay Kumar.The other opener, Tom Latham was unbeaten at 54, which included five fours, but was let down by the middle order which failed to make any worthwhile contribution.The medium-pace duo of Vinay and Shami Ahmed combined to pick up two wickets apiece to put the host side in a spot of bother.For New Zealand, Reece Young (28) was giving Latham company when stumps were drawn for the day, leaving the match evenly poised.Brief Scores: India A 1st Innings: 339 all out in 86 overs (Ambati Rayudu 105, Naman Ojha 41, Neil Wagner 3/58, Andy McKay 3/71).New Zealand A 1st Innings: 105 for four in 31.4 overs (Tom Latham 54 batting, Reece Young 28 batting, R Vinay Kumar 2/42, Shami Ahmed 2/29).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16564998", "title": "Bangla to continue ban on Hilsa export", "text": "KOLKATA: In what could be a bad news for Hilsa lovers in India, Bangladesh's commerce minister Golam Mohammad Kader on Wednesday said his government will continue the ban on export of the silvery delicacy.\"Hilsa is loved as much in India as in Bangladesh. Because of the decline in the availability of the fish, the ban on its export will continue. I am not very sure if the ban will be lifted any soon,\" Kader said on the sidelines of a programme here. Bangladesh on Sunday had lifted the ban on export of all kinds of fish except Hilsa, prompting lovers of the delicacy in India, particularly West Bengal , to hope the prohibition on the Hilsa too will be lifted. However, it was not to be.\"Like in Bengal, we too have the festive season approaching. Supply of the fish has been poor and we cannot deprive our people by exporting the fish,\" added Kader. He was in the city to inaugurate a Bangladeshi sari fair.Earlier on July 31, the government banned export of all kinds of sweet water fishes (white fish) and Hilsa to keep prices of fish at an affordable level during the holy month of Ramadan. ians Later, on August 5, the government extended the ban on Hilsa and white fish export except shrimp and Eel until further order.Bangladesh produces about 3.1 million tonnes of fish, of which some 15,000 to 20,000 tonnes of sweet water fishes are exported. ians", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16568794", "title": "'Dyslexic' Spielberg credits filmmaking for saving him from shame", "text": "Steven Spielberg , who has a successful career spanning nearly 40 years and a life most people envy, is just a very ordinary man with ordinary problems beneath the surface - even struggling from dyslexia, it has been revealed.The 65-year-old director, who was diagnosed with dyslexia only five years ago, credits filmmaking with helping him express himself.\"I never felt like a victim. Movies really helped me... kind of saved me from shame, from guilt. Making movies was my great escape,\" the Daily Mail quoted him as telling the Friends of Quinn website.\"When I felt like an outsider, movies made me feel inside my own skill set,\" he said.The Cincinnati-born star certainly hasn't allowed the learning disability to interfere with his professional life.Having begun his career back in 1973, the 'Jurassic Park' director continues to work today, with his latest project 'Lincoln' set for release in November.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16563242", "title": "Six underpasses planned on busy routes of Noida", "text": "NOIDA: In order to decongest the city and bring respite to commuters, the Noida Authority has approved the Detailed Project Reports (DPR) for six underpasses on strategic routes along Master Plan-II and III roads. In a meeting on Tuesday, Noida CEO Sanjeev Saran also directed that DPRs be prepared for three new underpasses.The Authority has drawn up a blueprint to steer its residents clear of chaos on roads. During the weekly meeting, Saran instructed officials to start the process for construction of the six approved underpasses with immediate effect. \"The underpasses will ensure signal-free access at nine busy stretches on these two arterial and important routes,\" said Saran.\"The focus is on decongesting the most clogged-up roads of the city. As suggested by our consultants RITES, construction of underpasses including flyovers and elevated roads will take place in a phased manner,\" said AK Goel, chief maintenance engineer (civil), Noida. Traffic surveys have revealed that these roads see heavy traffic during all times of the day. Moreover, due to lack of space on either side of these roads they cannot be widened, hence there is a need for underpasses and elevated corridors.As per plan, the Master Plan-III road from Kalindi Kunj to Sector 71 will have three underpasses, while another three will be built on Master Plan-II road from Uflex crossing to Sector 16A. Underpasses are also planned on the route from Atta underpass towards Sector 60 crossing. Earlier, there were two elevated roads planned along Master Plan Road-II from Vishwa Bharti Public School to Shopprix Mall in Sector 61 and on Master Plan Road-III from Sectors 60, 61 &amp; 71 crossing to NH-24, but the plan was shelved due to it not being feasible.The other three underpasses planned will be located at Nithari and Sector 25 T-junction, crossing of Sectors 30, 31 and at the Gijhod crossing of Sectors 33, 53 and 54,23. \"Once work begins, the projects are expected to be completed within a period of 18 to 24 months,\" Goel said. Besides the underpasses, a flyover is planned at the traffic junction of Sector 71, officials indicated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16571423", "title": "'Son Of Sardar' title track strikes a chord with fans", "text": "Never Say Die attitude, the Big Fat Weddings, amazing sense of humour, their physical strength and larger than life way of living are some of the best-known traits which we identify the Punjabi's with and this years Diwali Dhamaka Son of Sardaar puts all these together to give us a complete family entertainer!!It will surely be a double treat for all the movie buffs this Diwali, as Superstar Ajay Devgn teams up with the Musical king Himesh Reshammiya who exactly knows how to strike the right chords with his audience by giving amazing music.And yes, keeping up with the expectations and his image he has done it yet again with the recently launched title track of Son of Sardaar!Not even a week old, this title track of Son of Sardaar is becoming a rage amongst the fans and is already on its way to become the new musical anthem for Punjabis all over the world.Showcasing the fun positive spirit of Punjabis in the film, the music and the lyrics fully complements this festive action comedy.This peppy title ditty has Ajay Devgn wearing bright colored paghdi and and dancing to Himesh's tunes on unique lyrics which speak eloquently on various strengths of Sardars such as their happy and fun loving nature and their famed Mehman Nawazi which they consider it as a part of being a true Sardaar, their larger than life attitude and also their friendly nature aka Yaaro Ka Yaar !On its way to achieving a cult status, the title track of Son of Sardaar has already started trending across all major social media.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16563478", "title": "Will Mohinder Amarnath be new chief selector?", "text": "MUMBAI: The BCCI's 83rd Annual General Meeting (AGM) will take place on Thursday and putting in place a new national selection committee is top on the agenda.Key decisions like whether to renew current chief administrative officer Ratnakar Shetty's contract and who to replace former batsman Sandeep Patil at the National Cricket Academy (NCA) as director will also be taken up.The AGM in September is that time of the year when the BCCI rewards loyalty and office-bearers from various state associations rush to get elected for plum posts or see to it that their representatives get the post.However, what will dominate the AGM is the formation of the new selection committee. Former India batsman Mohinder Amarnath is set to retain his position as North Zone selector. Reports of Amarnath threatening to quit had surfaced after the selection committee had met in August this year to pick the Test team for the two-match series against New Zealand.Amarnath had objected to MS Dhoni continuing as the Test captain after the twin debacles in England and Australia, but then chairman K Srikkanth refused to oblige, and the former had threatened to leave. It is learnt that Amarnath has now agreed to continue and therefore the ball is now in BCCI's court whether to retain him or replace him.The only name from North Zone that is doing the rounds just in case Amarnath doesn't fit in BCCI's scheme of things, is former India opener Chetan Chauhan. He has been a national selector in the past and is eligible for the post again.From other zones, former medium-pacer and under-19 selection committee chief from Mumbai, Abey Kuruvilla, is set to be promoted as national selector from West Zone. The South Zone position will go to another former India player Roger Binny, whose name had been finalized last year itself.The primary candidate from Central Zone is former first-class cricketer from Kanpur, Sunil Chaturvedi. East Zone is likely to favour another former opening batsman from Bengal, Devang Gandhi, with former pacer Debashis Mohanty as potential rival in the fray.The candidature of Arup Bhattacharya from East Zone, reportedly backed by Trinamool Congress, is unlikely to cut ice within BCCI while former stumper Saba Karim, whose name has also come up, may also not find favour.There are changes expected in the NCA set up too. Dashing former India batsman, Sandeep Patil could be on his way out and former stumper Kiran More is set to replace him. More, who had been part of the rebel Indian Cricket League , has now returned to the BCCI fold with the Board granting him amnesty alongwith legendary allrounder Kapil Dev.Finally, the Board will also decide whether or not to renew the contract of its CAO Shetty, whose term ends with this AGM. There are whispers in the BCCI corridors about him having to go. However, an official in the know of developments said, \"Why should Shetty go? He is an old hand and an experienced administrator. There's no reason to let him go.\"Shetty's also important for the Board where pending cases against suspended IPL commissioner Lalit Modi are concerned. He has been deeply involved in a lot of paperwork relating to various matters so it is unlikely that the Board may let go of him.The Board will make its official announcement on Thursday noon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16564526", "title": "Indore Development Authority game for land to international cricket stadium", "text": "INDORE: Madhya Pradesh Cricket Association (MPCA) has asked for 35 acre of land on super corridor for developing state-of-the-art international stadium, said IDA CEO Deepak Singh adding the authority is willing to give land for the proposed sport complex.Union minister and MPCA president Jyotiraditya Scindia during his recent visit to the city had hinted at developing new international stadium on the super corridor.\"The MPCA has given us in writing showing interest in land on super corridor for development of their new international stadium,\" said Singh, adding that soon they would issue notice for sale of land as per their guidelines and the MPCA can get that land by paying prescribed amount.He said the IDA already has proposal to develop sport complex on 100 acre of land, out of which 35 acre of land is on the super corridor and remaining 65 acre is beyond that which the IDA has to acquire. In case of sport complex, the IDA do not has option to give certain portion of developed saleable land to farmer against their land. Thus the IDA will have to acquire the land by paying compensation. \"The money that we will get from the MPCA against 35 acre of land will be used for acquisition of remaining 65 acre of land for proposed sport complex,\" said Singh, adding that arrival of MPCA at proposed sport complex will also inspire others to participate in proposed sport complex. They expect that arrival of the MPCA will add value to their proposed sport complex. The IDA is also planning to market it at the upcoming investors summit.The IDA will also showcase its super corridor and medical hub at the investors' summit. \"Big hospital groups like Apollo, Forties etc has shown interest in medical hub and we are expecting few more players at investors' summit,\" he said, adding that they are expecting good response to their proposed projects from investors at the summit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16564481", "title": "Regional centre in election management in Bhopal from November", "text": "BHOPAL: Come November and there will be another addition to a long string of major institutes dotting Bhopal. A regional centre of the India International Institute of Democracy and Election Management will start functioning in Bhopal in November.The institute, on the lines of the one launched by the Election Commission of India in June last year in New Delhi, will serve as an advance resource centre of learning, research, training and extension for participatory democracy and election management.Experts from political science, professors and dignitaries of the field would be roped in for training the government machinery on electoral democratic management.The institute would impart training to government machinery, representatives of political parties and voters involved in the electoral process.The centre would function from the Academy of Administration till its own building is constructed.\"The initial process of setting up the institute has been completed. It will start functioning by November,\" said Sanjay Singh Baghel, assistant chief electoral officer here.The institute would initially function from the Academy of Administration and will later move to its own building after getting land from the state government. We have inked an MOU with Academy of Administration for the purpose,\" he added.Besides, it will also cater to foreign delegates coming to India for understanding the country's democratic reforms.After the launch of India International Institute of Democracy and Election Management, the ECI had directed its state bodies in Bangalore, Lucknow, Pune and Bhopal to come up with regional centres.The institute will run election management-related programmes, the duration of which is likely to vary from a day to a week. District collectors, SPs election observers and block-level officers would be imparted training in the initial round.The institute would also carry out research works to make electoral process and reforms stronger and transparent, the officials added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16566026", "title": "72-yr-old\u2019s mercy killing plea rejected", "text": "BANGALORE: The high court has rejected the euthanasia plea of a 72-year-old retired teacher from Davanagere, who sought the court's permission to die. Justice Ajit Gunjal on Wednesday disposed of HB Karibasamma's petition based on reports by neurosurgical and psychiatric experts from Nimhans.The reports said Karibasamma does not suffer any pain or severe ailment. Her spine is normal and she can get up without any pain. Neither does she suffer from any mental disorder.\"Since she is elderly and fears she would become disabled in future due to her multiple ailments, and has no family support, she could be provided psychiatric counselling,\" the report suggested, noting that Karibasamma refused to undergo any further investigation and medication.Based on the court's order, doctors examined Karibasamma and referred her to experts at Nimhans.Karibasamma, who claimed to have suffered slip disc (inter-vertebral disc prolapse) and was bedridden for 10-11 years, had written to local authorities and even the President and Prime Minister, seeking permission for euthanasia since 2003. Karibasamma claimed the Rs 8,968 she was getting as monthly pension in 2010, wasn't enough to meet her medical expenses. Because of her age, doctors had opted for non-surgical treatment, and the pain she's undergoing is excruciating.H Ushadevi, a resident of Bangalore, had filed an interlocutory application seeking to implead herself and oppose Karibasamma's plea. \"The petitioner has sought to declare Section 306 and 309 of IPC as unconstitutional. If that is accepted, it will have an adverse effect on the public and encourage people to commit suicide...,\" Ushadevi had claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16564271", "title": "5 more suspected cases of swine flu in Indore", "text": "INDORE: Five more suspects of H1N1 cases from city were sent for confirmatory tests to ICMR laboratory in Jabalpur on Wednesday. Reports of the tests are awaited.A total of 103 samples had been sent for test so far out of which reports of 95 patients have been received. According to health department of Indore district, till now 28 samples have been tested positive while 67 samples have been tested negative. Six deaths have been reported till now due to swine flue.Joint director Dr Sharad Pandit said that they are taking all measures to control spread of swine flue. Separate wards have been created in hospitals including private hospitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16565593", "title": "Land woes scuttle proposed logistics hub near Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: The bad news keeps rolling in for the Mamata Banerjee government on the industry front. Balmer Lawrie &amp; Co, the Rs 2,450-crore mini-ratna PSU, on Wednesday shelved a logistics hub project in Dankuni on the city outskirts because the government would not allow the clearances that would let the company buy land.On Tuesday, Kolkata had lost the prestigious Partnership Summit to Agra, as an aftershock of Trinamool Congress' split from UPA.The Dankuni multi-modal hub would have been the first of its kind in Bengal, say sources. The project was worth Rs 150 crore and would have meant bug business for the state. Balmer Lawrie &amp; Co - the most diversified of all PSUs - had already identified the land and sought certain clearances from the state government. But it was turned down, said a senior official of the company, who was working on the project.The PSU sought three kinds of approvals from the West Bengal Industrial Development Corporation (WBIDC), all concerning land. \"We sought exemption under the West Bengal Land Reforms Act and Under Urban Land Ceiling Act. We also sought approval for converting 45-acres agriculture land to industrial land. But we were later told by a state government department that these permissions cannot be given. We had no option but to shelve our plans,\" a source said. WBIDC is the nodal agency for economic development in the state.A multi-modal logistics hub is an integrated facility with warehousing and cold storage facilities, a distribution network and is well connected with the railways. Such a hub would have been a boon for Bengal that is saddled with inadequate infrastructure.Balmer Lawrie &amp; Co is working on similar multi-modal logistics hubs in Visakhapatnam and has already signed a pact with the Visakhapatnam Port Trust. The joint-venture project is coming up on 50-acres at an investment of Rs 170-180 crore. \"The technical and financial feasibility study is over for the Vizag project. We are now working out the finer details,\" a source said.Earlier in the day, Viren Sinha, chairman and managing director of the PSU, said they had lined up Rs 300-400 crore investment in various businesses. \"We are setting up a container manufacturing plant in Navi Mumbai. One major investment would be setting up an absolutely modern through-put steel barrel manufacturing plant at Navi Mumbai at an investment of Rs 100 crore,\" he said at the 95th annual general meeting of the company.Balmer Lawrie produces about 40 lakh barrels at eight plants and is looking to increase its container making capacity by about 30%. \"Work is under way. We have about 8 acres land and the project will be completed in 15 months,\" Sinha said. The company has three container freight stations at Mumbai, Chennai and Kolkata.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16562965", "title": "Fake encounter case: Witness turns hostile", "text": "MUMBAI: A witness in the alleged fake encounter case of gangster Lakkhan Bhaiyya aka Ramnarayan Gupta was declared hostile by the court after he submitted that he had been tutored by the public prosecutor. The witness failed to answer pertinent questions and stated he had not received any summons from the prosecution. This is the eighth witness to have turned hostile in the case. TNNThe witness failed to answer certain pertinent questions and stated that he had not received any summons from the prosecution.According to the prosecution, the witness had allegedly given his car to encounter specialist Pardeep Sharma's team at the time of the alleged fake encounter in 2006. The witness also bought a SIM card for one of the other accused.It is the prosecution's case that on November 1, 2006, some officials from D N Nagar police station picked up Gupta from Vashi and took him to Nana Nani Park in Versova, where he was allegedly shot in a fake police encounter. Gupta, an alleged Chhota Rajan aide, was said to be involved in several cases of murder and robbery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16563401", "title": "Irregularities in sanitation workers' ESI contribution", "text": "GURGAON: Suspecting large-scale irregularities in sanitation workers' ESI contribution, the Employees State Insurance (ESI) office has written to the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) seeking details of the contractors. TOI has accessed a copy of the letter written by an ESI official mentioning the discrepancy in ESI contribution reportedly because of a private contractor. In HUDA sectors the work of sanitation and cleaning is given to private firms. The contractor employs workers and pays them salaries as per the stipulated norms. It is learnt that a certain private company has employed 207 workers in the documents furnished to HUDA but the ESI contribution paid to the ESI office covered only 96 employees. The ESI official had sought details of the payments made to the firm with bill number and amount paid to the firm along with the number of employees. HUDA makes hefty payment to the private firms that are engaged in sanitation work in colonies. An office-bearer of Progressive Gurgaon Council, Raman Sharma, said: \"I have filed an Right To Information on this matter but still HUDA is not divulging details of the ESI contribution paid by the private contractor on behalf of sanitation workers.\" Sharma claimed that the ESI contribution of workers is a legitimate right which the employer has to make as per the ESI Act. \"It is shocking that no one in HUDA is keeping track of the salary and ESI payments of the workers. The irregularities should be probed by authorities,\" said Sharma. Sharma has also written a complaint to the state Lokayukta office and to the chairperson of National Commission for Safai Karamcharis office in Delhi. \"The crux of the matter is that the sanitation workers are not given notified benefits and the HUDA officials are not paying any attention to the irregularities,\" said Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "jorhat/guwahati", "code": "16566068", "title": "Floods leave Kaziranga animals vulnerable", "text": "JORHAT/GUWAHATI: Kaziranga National Park has lost four rhinos within the span of a week. The death toll due to poaching has reached 14 this year alone. In June, two rhinos were killed by poachers when the animals strayed outside of the park during the first wave of floods.\"Poachers are always on the prowl for rhinos during floods. When the animals move out of the park in search of elevated ground, they became easy target for poachers. Despite stepping up vigilance, poachers have managed to kill the rhinos,\" a park official said. He added that a close watch is being maintained on five rhinos still sheltered in the forested areas of Karbi Anglong hills.This time, Kaziranga experienced the worst floods in the past eight years. A total of 22 animals have died in Kazrianga in the ongoing second wave of floods . Nearly 700 animals, including 19 rhinos, perished in the first wave of the deluge in June this year. The floods have also disturbed the anti-poaching mechanism, making patrolling difficult. Almost 80 per cent of the 430 sq km park is still under water. About 114 of 152 anti-poaching camps have been submerged and 14 camps had to be shifted to different locations following the rise in the water level in the park.The spurt in rhino deaths has triggered a volley of protests from different organisations. The All Assam Students Union (Aasu) and the Asom Jatiyatabadi Yuva Chatra Parishad (AJYCP) took to the streets at Kaziranga on Wednesday, shouting slogans against chief minister Tarun Gogoi and forest minister Rockybul Hussain for their failure in curbing poaching. Aasu demanded a CBI inquiry into frequent cases of rhino poaching, while the AJYCP blocked NH-37, which passes through the southern boundary of the park, for a while.Soumyadeep Dutta of Nature's Beckon, a conservation NGO, said that the rise in rhino poaching showed poor monitoring on the animals once they leave the park during floods. \"Had there been a proper monitoring exercise and strengthening of security in peripheral areas of the park, such deaths could have been avoided,\" Dutta said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16562907", "title": "4 cops hurt as cyclist breaches CM\u2019s route", "text": "NEW DELHI: Five people, including four policemen, were injured on Wednesday when some vehicles of chief minister Sheila Dikshit's entourage collided after a cyclist came in their way, officials said. Dikshit was not hurt.The accident occurred near Hanuman Temple in north Delhi when the entourage was returning to Delhi Secretariat from Raj Niwas, where the CM had gone to attend the swearing-in ceremony of Delhi high court's new chief justice.Four police constables sitting in one of the vehicles and an officer attached to the chief minister's office were injured. The officer had fractures in two fingers. Five vehicles were damaged.Dikshit has instructed the health department to provide suitable treatment to all. One of the constables had an ear injury and needed stitches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16564497", "title": "Government keen to tap Odisha's religious tourism potential", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Mahaparinirvan Express, a special train covering famous Buddhist sites in North India, is likely to be introduced in Odisha in December. The state government has set December 20 as the tentative date for the train's trial run here, sources said. Expansion of the train's route will coincide with the international Buddhist conclave in the state planned by the government.The inter-state special train will ply here as a joint venture between the state-run Odisha Tourism Development Corporation (OTDC) and India Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation ( IRCTC), to promote the state's Buddhist tourism potential.At present, the train covers most parts of Bihar, Uttar Pradesh and Delhi, connecting Buddhist sites like Bodhgaya, Nalanda, Rajgir, Sarnath, Gorakhpur, Khushinagar, Gonda, Sravasti and Agra. The trip lasts seven nights and eight days. Under the package, pilgrims are taken to Lumbini in Nepal by bus from Khushinagar.\"We have finalized the route of the train in our state, connecting unexplored centres of Buddhism like Lalitgiri, Khandagiri, Udayagiri, Chadragiri and Ratnagiri. The train is slated to reach Jajpur, the hub of Buddhist sites, on December 20,\" said a senior tourism officer. Sources said the train was scheduled to be in Odisha for two days, during which the visitors would be taken to places like Konark and Puri for sight seeing.\"We are giving finishing touches to the proposed Buddhist conclave, which will be organized around the same time as the train's arrival here. The conclave will be held at one of the attractive Buddhist sites of Lalitgiri and Ratnagiri,\" the officer said.Despite having several enchanting Buddhist sites, many feel Odisha has so far failed to tap its potential to attract religious tourists. Even though thousands of tourists from East Asia, South-East Asia and Nepal visit Bodh Gaya in Bihar every year, the footfall in Odisha is abysmally poor. About 1,175 tourists from South Korea visited the state in 2009. A little over 3,500 visitors from Japan toured Odisha same year. In all, 8,547 tourists from different South East Asian countries came to the state in 2009.State tourism and culture minister Maheswar Mohanty on Wednesday went to Banaras to attend an international Buddhist conclave, where he would make a presentation about the state's rich Buddhist destinations. Road shows have been planned in Buddhist nations like Japan, Thailand, South Korea and Sri Lanka to attract tourists from those places. Bhutan Prime Minister Lyonchhen Jigmi Y Thinley, who was here two weeks ago, also laid stress on measures to boost the tourism ties between Odisha and Bhutan.On the other hand, OTDC executive engineer J K Das said steps were being taken to develop and beautify Buddhist sites.To promote Buddhist tourism, India-Japan Friendship Centre (IJFC), a voluntary organization promoting tourism ties between Odisha and Japan, took part in a Namaste India festival in Tokyo. The 10th edition of the annual fiesta, believed to be the biggest Indian festival in Japan, concluded on Tuesday.\"The objective of the festival was to showcase India's art, culture, cuisine and business there and provide a platform for the Japanese to connect with India,\" IJFC president (Odisha branch) Srimant Kumar Dash said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16567812", "title": "Ekta Kapoor lands in court for non-payment", "text": "Advocate Rizwan Siddiquee had filed a complaint in the Andheri court alleging Balaji hasn't paid him Rs 30,000 as professional chargesBalaji head honcho Ekta Kapoor is caught in a legal wrangle and how! Andheri-based advocate Rizwan Siddiquee had, in 2010, filed a complaint in the Andheri Metropolitan Magistrate Court,alleging non-payment of his professional charges on services rendered on certain agreements for Balaji Motion Pictures' film, Once Upon a Time in Mumbai. In response, Ekta moved the Bombay High Court for quashing the case and now, the High Court (HC) has stayed the proceedings in the Andheri court.Siddiquee's complaint says that in 2009,he drafted certain agreements for producer Ekta for her film ,Once Upon a Time in Mumbai . A year later, when, despite several reminders and two legal notices, the payment wasn't made, he filed a complaint against her. \"I had in good faith and on an absolute urgent basis, despite being on vacation with my family at that time, drafted several agreements for Balaji. Only after completion of work, did I raise an invoice for payment of a mere Rs 30,000. They did not make the payment even after that. My staff telephonically reminded them of non-payment for the first two months,\" he told Mirror and said he was most disappointed that instead of appreciating his gesture and duly making the payment, the Balaji staff spoke rudely to his staff whenever they called.Siddiquee further said, \"I also sent notices which were not responded to,despite being received. I then filed a complaint in court. It was only when summons were issued in the matter that I received a letter from their lawyers, stating that the amount remained unpaid due to 'oversight'. This is ridiculous.\"Having filed the complaint back in 2010, it had become a fight of principle for the advocate. \"In the Andheri court also, I stated that I forego the amount. Balaji also made a statement in the court that they have moved the HC for quashing the case. I asked for service of that petition to me. They assured it will be sent tome,however,it comes as a huge surprise that on Wednesday, they got an ex-parte stay order on these proceedings at the Andheri court,\" Siddiquee revealed.It is learnt Ekta has moved the HC under relevant sections of the CriminalProcedure Code (CPC) for quashing of the case going on in the Andheri court. On Wednesday, the court granted a stay on the proceedings,and has now kept the matter for hearing on October 31.In her letter, sent through her solicitors Naik Naik &amp; Co.onAugust24,2012,Ekta states that payment wasn't made due to an oversight. The letter (a copy of which is with Mirror) reads:\"Our clients (Balaji) say that they had no intention of not clearing your invoice...the invoice remained unpaid due to an 'oversight' on their part. Our clients apologise for the same... Our clients are desirous of settling the matter, and are ready and willing to pay your outstanding dues of Rs 30,000 toward the said invoice.\"Siddiquee argues that it is ridiculous that the amount remained unpaid for more than threeyearsdueto'oversight'.Thattoo,after innumerable requests, reminders, emails and notices addressed to Ekta. \"It is evident that only because the directors were summoned in the criminal matter by the Magistrate's Court that they are now making efforts to arbitrarily settle the matter. I am not taking any payment now,\" he asserted.When contacted, lawyer Aabad Ponda said he was appearing in the matter as a counsel and would not be able to comment on it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "surajkund (haryana)", "code": "16564127", "title": "BJP to oppose FDI in retail till it is rolled back", "text": "SURAJKUND (HARYANA): BJP on Wednesday signalled that it was not willing to relent on its opposition to multi-brand retail and held out the possibility of reversing UPA-2's decision to allow global retailers if it came to power.Firmly reiterating the party line, BJP said it would oppose the FDI decision till it was rescinded and said the move was not in the interest of farmers.With BJP-ruled states rejecting FDI in retail sector, BJP spokesperson Ravi Shankar Prasad said, \"We are against FDI in retail ... when we come to office the consequences will follow.\" He was replying to a question on whether BJP would scrap FDI in multi-brand retail if it was voted into power at the Centre.Party chief Nitin Gadkari in his opening speech at the BJP national executive here \"categorically opposed\" FDI in retail saying the party would oppose it till the government was forced to roll back the decision.Prasad later told the media that BJP was of the view that \"51% FDI in retail is not in the interest of the country or our own farming community\".Asked if BJP's opposition was to the quantum of FDI, he said, \"wait for our manifesto ... 51 or no per cent ...\" implying that the party might give a thumbs down to FDI in the multi-brand retail sector.Defending the party against the charge of having turned against reforms at a time when the economy badly needed a boost, Prasad said BJP was not against liberalization and was all for pro-people reforms.Dwelling on the political scenario, Gadkari blamed the Congress-led UPA for being corrupt and inefficient and for hurting the common man. BJP seemed to look forward to early elections when he said, \"The country is standing on the verge of a change. Elections can happen anytime.\"Asked if Gadkari meant BJP was keen on early elections, Prasad said the party chief was only describing the \"present political scenario\".Showcasing BJP as a better alternative to UPA, Gadkari praised BJP and NDA ruled states, saying even in a depressing economic scenario, they performed well as far as economic growth, social indicators and overall development was concerned, whether it was Gujarat, Himachal Pradesh , Madhya Pradesh or Bihar.Launching a sharp attack on Congress chief Sonia Gandhi and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , Gadkari said UPA-2 was the \"most corrupt government since Independence\" and had specialized in \"marketization\" of coalition politics.Calling UPA a sinking ship, Gadkari said its allies were looking for excuses to jump out. He reiterated the BJP charge that Congress used CBI to manage its allies and to harass the opposition to such an extent that the agency was have an extension counter at Congress headquarters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16562311", "title": "Mumbai Police peg Azad Maidan riot losses at Rs 3cr", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai crime branch probing the August 11 Azad Maidan violence that left two dead and 63 injured, has made a fresh list of the losses incurred in the riot, which now total around Rs 2.7 crore.The police are likely to submit the list to the Mumbai collector, seeking to recover the losses, said sources. \"Many vehicle owners, particularly bikers, are still coming up to claim losses they suffered in the riot. Initially, they did not turn up for the fear of being caught but now as days are passing, they are approaching us, and clarifying their stand,'' said an officer.Sources said that by next month, the police would forward the list of losses to the collector who, in turn, would issue orders directing the rally organizers to pay for these. Raza Academy, Madina Tul-Ilm, other NGOs and community leaders who sponsored the rally would be made to pay, they added.Earlier this month, the special investigation team (SIT) had roughly calculated the losses at Rs 1.8 crore. But later, some more persons came forward to file complaints. \"The amount is rising as many people are coming in with hospital bills, medical bills and other losses. Even a media channel has made fresh claims,'' said an officer.The police said BEST buses suffered the most damage; 50 were vandalized. The next in line were Mumbai police vehicles; 23 vans were damaged and two were left completely charred. Two vehicles of the fire brigade and one of the BMC were vandalized as well. Three media vehicles were charred and eight private vehicles were damaged. So far, we have estimated the loss at nearly Rs 3 crore as several bikers are still to register their losses,'' said an officer.Meanwhile, additional commissioner of police Niket Kaushik said at least five to six bikes of the 135 recovered in the lot were reported as stolen.\"Some bikes were found to be stolen and were recovered later, but the owners have not taken back their theft complaint nor informed the concerned police station,'' said Kaushik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "barrackpore", "code": "16564611", "title": "Truck rams into temple, kills three", "text": "BARRACKPORE: Three persons, including a 13-year-old school student, were crushed to death by a speeding truck and another was critically injured while they were asleep on the courtyard of a roadside temple in Naihati's Ghoshpara Road on Wednesday.Locals put up a roadblock on Ghoshpara Road for about three hours to protest against the accident demanding compensation for the victims' family members. A huge force of police rushed to the spot to bring the situation under control. Police are also looking for the driver of the truck.Police said the accident took place at around 4.30am, when a truck, loaded with jute, was on its way to Kakinara Reliance Jute mill from Ranaghat. The driver suddenly lost his control and first rammed into an electric post. \"Then the truck hit a rickshaw puller Prakash Shaw (45), after which it rammed into the Hanuman temple crushing Tarak Shaw (54), Dinesh Mahato(54), both workers of Naihati's Nadia jute mill and Dhiraj Mishra, a Class-VII student of a local schoolNaihati Ananda Shaw High school, who were sleeping on the courtyard of the temple. Then the truck overturned. The truck driver and helper, however, managed to flee,\" said police.Locals rushed to the spot and the victims were taken to Naihati State General Hospital, where Prakash, Tarak and Dhiraj were declared brought dead and Dinesh was admitted in a critical condition. He was later shifted to Kalyani Jawaharlal Nehru Memorial Hospital.The agitators also put up a road block protesting against the accident.The roadblock was withdrawn around 10.30am after the senior police officials reached the spot and assured the agitators that they would look into the matter. \"The situation is under control now. The bodies were sent for post mortem. The truck was seized and we are looking for its driver,\" said Suvankar Bhattacharya, additional deputy commissioner of police, Barrackpore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16566495", "title": "Indefinite strike by A2Z gives city a dismal look", "text": "KANPUR: The indefinite strike by A2Z workers has left the sanitation scenario of the city in a dismal state. Heaps of garbage and flooded dustbins have enveloped the major areas of the city since past five days. The dumping yard at Phoolbagh, Khapra Mohal, Baba Kuti, GT Road, Rawatpur are stinking as the A2Z civic workers are not willing to clean the mess in protest against the non-payment of their dues by the firm.The situation is worse even in the posh localities. People in areas like Gumti, Shivaji Nagar showed their disappointment in the Municipal authorities' failure to keep the city clean even at the time when epidemic threat is looming large.The flooded dustbins near Indian Medical Association, Ursala Horseman hospital, Kulwanti Hospital have been troubling the patients. However, in the absence of A2Z workers, the Municipal corporations vans reached the dumping yards at several spots but failed to clean the mess.The municipal authorities who initially claimed that the problem of A2Z workers' strike will be handled properly express their helplessness in the matter as it is a personal issue between the firm and its workers.According to the sources, the A2Z infrastructure is having major disputes over irregularities in disbursing the salaries of their employees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16564157", "title": "Indore Development Authority extends BRTS contract for another 3 months", "text": "INDORE: Wait for BRTS has just got longer. Board of Indore Development Authority (IDA) has once again extended the deadline for construction of the BRTS by three months on Wednesday. Neeraj Pratibha Company handling the BRTS will now have to complete the construction by December 31. The project has already overshot the deadline by about 3 years.IDA CEO Deepak Singh said that the contract with the company was going to end in September and works at certain places are still under way. As such, it has extended the contract.Singh said that more than 95% of the work on BRTS is complete and work is pending only where obstacles have been removed. The obstacles which has held up the project have started paving way now. So the company will need few months to complete the work.At the onset, the project had around 250 obstacles. Over the years, most of the obstacles were removed except 15 that include religious places that are expected to be removed soon.On the encroachments on service roads and cycle tack of BRTS, Singh said that these are temporary encroachments and once bus service starts it will be automatically removed.Singh said that the board has approved the LIG link road and after the construction of the road, traffic on BRTS will also be shifted to the link road which will connect LIG and Ring Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "16564436", "title": "Tribals lock Tata plant gates", "text": "KENDRAPADA: Over a thousand displaced tribals locked the gates of the Tata steel plant at Kalinganagar in Jajpur district on Wednesday. They were protesting against the company authorities for allegedly flouting a resettlement and rehabilitation (R&R;) policy framed in 2006.\"We want the Tata officials to implement the Odisha Resettlement and Rehabilitation Policy, 2006, in true letter and spirit. According to the policy, an 18-year-old male should be treated as separate family when doling out jobs and other benefits. But the company has an ulterior motive in not considering youths above 18 years as separate families. As a result, we are facing problems,\" alleged Ramachandra Badara, an agitator.The plant authorities, however, disputed the tribals' demand. \"The R&R; policy had set January, 1, 2005, as the cut-off date to consider any displaced person as family. After 2005, our company cannot consider any person above 18 years as a separate family. As per the policy, 984 families were displaced in 2005 for the steel plant. We provide all types of help to them,\" said Tata spokesman Jayanta Kumar Padhi. The district administration also backed the company's version on the cut-off date for considering youths above 18 years as separate families. \"The demand by the agitators is not valid,\" said ADM (Kalinganagar) C Hota.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16564988", "title": "Yathra widens reach with English collector's edition", "text": "KOCHI: Actor Mohanlal released the English collector's edition of Yathra, the travel magazine by Mathrubhumi daily, by handing over a copy to tourism minister A P Anil Kumar at a function held in Kochi on Wednesday. Receiving the copy, Anil Kumar said the magazines like 'Yathra' would certainly ensure the promotion of Kerala tourism in other parts of the country.He said he was very happy to be part of such an endeavour on the eve of tourism day. Mathrubhumi managing editor P V Chandran welcomed the gathering. He said the English edition of the magazine would soon be brought out. Mathrubhumi television chief executive officer Mohanan Nair made a brief presentation on the achievements made by the magazine during the last four years.Roumy Joffer, managing director, Sri Lankan Tourism Promotion Bureau, offered support for the promotion of tourism here. M Farooq, member of parliament, Sri Lanka, also spoke on the occasion.Kochi: Actor Mohanlal released the English collector's edition of Yathra, the travel magazine by Mathrubhumi daily, by handing over a copy to Tourism Minister A P Anil Kumar at a function held in Kochi on Wednesday. Receiving the copy, Anil Kumar said that the magazines like 'Yathra' would certainly ensure the promotion of Kerala tourism in other parts of the country.He said that he was very happy to be part of such an endeavour on the eve of tourism day.Mathrubhumi managing editor P V Chandran welcomed the gathering. He said that the English edition of the magazine would soon be brought out. Mathrubhumi television chief executive officer Mohanan Nair made a brief presentation on the achievements made by the magazine during the last four years.Roumy Joffer, managing director, Srilankan Tourism Promotion Bureau offered all the co-operation by that country for the promotion of tourism here. M Farooq, member of parliament, Sri Lanka also spoke on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16564422", "title": "Irrigation scam whistleblower Vijay Pandhare gets dose of 'Gandhigiri'", "text": "NASHIK: Nationalist Youth Congress state committee member Shishir Shinde, on Wednesday, presented a bouquet of flowers and a 'Get Well Soon' card to Maharashtra Engineering Training Academy (META) chief engineer Vijay Pandhare, the whistleblower in the irrigation scam. who had pointed out that Rs 35,000 crore had been siphoned off and wasted on dud water projects in the state.Shinde visited Pandhare's office on Wednesday evening. \"We sought permission to see him but were not allowed. We were told he was not going to speak to anybody, despite which we waited there for some time. When he came out of his office and moved towards his car that was when we presented him our card and bouquet,\" Shinde said.The youth group was protesting against the resignation tendered by deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, who was irrigation minister at the time when most additional grants for proposals were sanctioned. They believed it was because of Pandhare's allegations that the minister had to resign.The token gesture made to Pandhare was to indicate that the chief engineer was sick.When asked if Pandhare the official was aware of their move to offer him the bouquet and card and if he had accepted the same, Shinde said the official was unaware of their move. \"He took the card but did not comment,\" Shinde said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16570049", "title": "Tourism department plans Chandigarh's first street art festival", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The stretch between two popular tourist spots of Chandigarh Rock Garden and Sukhna Lake will come alive this weekend as tourism department celebrates city's first Street art Festival planned on the lines of events held in Europe.It will witness convergence of professional and amateur artistes from across the region to showcase their art forms amidst staging of dances and mouthwatering cuisines being dished out on September 29 and 30.Deepty Trigotra, Asst Manager (Public Relations &amp; Events), CITCO, the administration's hospitality wing said the two days will be filled with festivities with something for every art lover.A food court of CITCO's Lake Cafeteria will be set up and there will be focus on amusement game activities and boating. The highlights of the festival would be the special street, showcasing of 40 forms of Art including painting and sketching, sculpture art, rangoli, glass painting, jewellery making, face painting and tattoo making, folk dances and music, folk singing, instrumental music performance (Saxophone, Flute, and Violin etc), rock band, fusion dance and theatre.Nukkad Natak, Documentary making by students of the Festival, Kite making, Clay Modeling, Photography Workshop , Storytelling, Hip hop ,Rap , Sand artist, Installation art, Graffiti, Calligraphy, Crocheting, Embroidery, Weaving, Card making, Collage, Origami or Paper folding, Floral Design, Balloon modeling or Balloon twisting, Doll making, Egg decoration, Beadwork , Decoupage and many more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16564598", "title": "One dies, 2 more test positive for H1N1", "text": "BHOPAL: A middle-aged man from Sagar district who was undergoing treatment at a private hospital in the state capital died of swine flu on Wednesday taking the H1N1 toll in the city to 8. Two more samples were tested positive for H1N1.The district integrated disease surveillance project (IDSP) sent 10 samples of suspected H1N1 cases for tests to ICMR laboratory in Jabalpur. Of this 5 are of residents of Bhopal , 3 from Vidisha and 2 from Sehore district.The district chief medical and health officer (CMHO) said that the 45-year-old man from Sagar was admitted to private National hospital last week. Meanwhile, patients continued to come in large numbers at the city hospitals with complaints of fever, common cough and cold.\"We are monitoring the situation and have recommended tests of all patients with swine flu symptoms,\" said CMHO Dr Pankaj Shukla.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16569481", "title": "A filmi platter to suit all tastes", "text": "Movie buffs in the city are in for a treat this festive season. Films from a variety of genres \u2014 from action to romance, suspense to comedy and lots more \u2014 are all set to take the audience by storm in the months to come. Aparna Sen's much-awaited film, Goynar Baksho, which was on the back burner for quite a few years, will soon see the light of the day. In fact, Sen is glad that the film got delayed! She says, \"A lot of high-end special effects were required for the film. Since technology has only advanced in the last two years, it's a boon for us that the film got delayed because we will get the best special effects in our venture.\"The icing on the cake for Sen was, however, directing daughter Konkona. Says the doting mother, \"It's great working with Konkona because she gets under the skin of the character very easily. There's a healthy dose of comedy and strong feminine content in the movie.\" Shree Venkatesh Films has lined up all these movies \u2014 from an action flick like Challenge 2 to a cerebral venture like Meghe Dhaka Tara \u2014 for every Bengali film aficionado in the coming months. Says Challenge 2 director Raja Chanda, \"People will get a taste of stylized action for the first time in Tollywood. I've roped in the best fight masters and technological help to make the film a visual treat. We have shot at places like the Big Ben and London Eye. The audience is accustomed to seeing action sequences where actors, after being punched, virtually float in the air. But not in this film. Viewers will actually feel the punch. There will be more acting in the action sequences.\" Films like Prem Amar 2, Jekhane Bhooter Bhoy and Obhisopto Nighty are already on the floors. Koel Mallick, who is all set to work with Rituparno Ghosh on a new film, reveals, \"It's a very promising project based on Thakurbari. I cannot say much at the moment, but it will be something very different from what the audience has seen so far. I feel, it's really great that films from so many genres are coming up in the next few months.\" Director of the production house, Shrikant Mohta feels variety is the need of the hour. \"If you don't give choice to the audience, a sense of fatigue will gradually seep in. So, we are trying to give people plenty of choices. The coming months are going to be great both for the industry and the audience,\" he says. No matter the genre of films, the audience stands to win in the days to come. Watch this space!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16565097", "title": "Fast-track benefits for Maoist outfits", "text": "RANCHI: The Jharkhand government is not leaving any stone unturned to curb the problem of Left wing extremism in the state. In its latest initiative, the state home department has plans to make changes in the surrender and rehabilitation policy for Maoists and other rebel outfits and expedite disposal of claims.The department is making changes in the existing policy to make it more effective and time bound as it was receiving complaints that the surrendered Maoists were not able to avail of the welfare benefits even after a couple of years after their surrender.In the last one year alone, about 35 Maoists and members of other rebel groups have come over ground to join the mainstream.Additional director general of police Rezi Dung Dung said state home secretary JB Tubid had asked the department to make necessary changes in the existing policy so that more rebels were encouraged to join the mainstream. \"We have made certain changes and hope that more rebels will join the mainstream and lead a normal life,\" Dung Dung said.Jharkhand police spokesman S N Pradhan said the department wanted to ensure there were no loopholes in the process, thereby, expediting the availability of land and other welfare schemes for the families of surrendered Maoists.\"Henceforth, we plan to give the cash incentive of Rs 50,000 and the amount which is fixed for the weapon which they handover at the time of their surrender, immediately,\" said Pradhan.To make this possible, the home department has decided to directly provide some funds to the state police. Till now the practice was that the money would remain with the district administration. The amount given in lieu of the weapon ranges from Rs 15,000 to Rs 1 lakh.Sources said that there were complaints of delay in construction of houses allotted under the Indira Awas Yojna by families of surrendered Maoists. Now the department has decided to allow the family members to live in rented houses. The amount will be announced soon.\"We are also planning to make the process of allotment of land to the family for constructing the house fast so that they hold no grudges and any rebel who wants to join mainstream does not have doubt or fear of delay,\" said a source. Government provides a plot of four decimal for construction of house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16566067", "title": "Water essential for crops: TN", "text": "BANGALORE: The row over sharing Cauvery water is in the court now. In its fresh application filed before the Supreme Court, Tamil Nadu has sought a directive to Karnataka for urgent release of water. It says this is essential to sustain the samba crop. Karnataka, however, maintains TN has enough water for the crop.\"The requirement for the samba crop on 14.93 lakh acres at 150 tmcft per day, for 150 days, is 150 tmcft. Accounting for 30 to 35 rainy days, the requirement comes down to 115 tmcft. The present live storage at Mettur as on September 12 is 42 tmcft. So TN will have 60.5 tmcft balance water for the samba crop,\" sources in the Karnataka water resources department said.The balance of 60.5 tmcft, they added, can be met from the expected flow from mid-September to January along with vast resources of ground water available in the Cauvery delta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "16566251", "title": "Canadian of Punjabi origin held with heroin worth Rs 15cr", "text": "AMRITSAR: Canada-based international drug mafia is now roping in young Indo-Canadian youths to smuggle heroin from Punjab on allurement of handsome returns. Their nefarious plans were exposed after the arrest of 22-year-old Sarabjit Singh, a Canadian national of Indian origin, who was trying to smuggle 2.9 kilograms of heroin valued at around Rs 15 crore in the international market from Sri Guru Ram Das International Airport on Tuesday night.According to sources, Sarabjit Singh was to board Jet Airways flight on way to Canada via Delhi on Tuesday night when he was held for smuggling the narcotic, which was concealed in a hidden cavity made in his bag. The consignment, which was wrapped in carbon papers, was detected during X-ray examination of the luggage.Assistant commissioner, customs, P K Tikku, told TOI on Wednesday that during preliminary interrogation of Sarabjit Singh, a resident of Ghuna Chaur village in Nawanshahr district, it was revealed that the Canada-based drug mafia had 'stage-managed the complete smuggling operation for Sarabjit Singh'.He was told that someone in a car would meet him at Banga and he was to board the car. On way to Amritsar he was delivered a bag containing narcotics in which he had to put his belongings and board the plane. Sources revealed that given the large quantity of heroin produced in Afghanistan being smuggled into India via the Punjab border and large number of overambitious Punjabi youths, especially those who have obtained Canadian nationality, it may be presumed that the drug cartel has already established a new smuggling route.\"Sarabjit Singh is not innocent. He knew about the consignment and told us that he was to get thousands of dollars per kilogram of delivered heroin,\" said Tikku. Police also arrested Sarabjit's accomplice Binda who had driven him to Amritsar from his village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "16564735", "title": "Women take out anti-liquor rally in Steel City", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Scores of villagers, including women, on Wednesday took out anti-liquor march in the Karandih area, on the outskirts of Jamshedpur, demanding shifting of two licenced Indian Made Foreign Liquor (IMFL) outlets from the area.The protesters accused the liquor shops of doing business beyond permissible hours and alleged that the local police were hand-in-glove with the liquor shop owners.\"The open consumption of the liquor on the roadside by people even during the day time clearly suggests how indifferent the police are towards the offence,\" said Saraswati Tuddu, a leading protester.The protesters also accused the excise department of overlooking the constitutional provisions of the Tribal Area Scheduled Act. \"The authorities should have taken the local gram sabha's consent before opening the liquor shops in the area. After all, Karandih falls within the Scheduled Area,\" said Cirin Soren, another protester.The protesters alleged that incidents of eve-teasing have increased in the area owing to uncontrolled consumption of liquor. \"Hardly do the police pay attention to our pleas whenever we seek a check on liquor trade beyond permissible hours at night,\" said one of the protesters.The anti-liquor campaign also received support from local tribal outfits and political parties. The ruling JMM that claims to champion the cause of the tribals and rural people joined the anti-liquor campaign on Wednesday.\"Following the anti-liquor campaign the two liquor outlets have been closed temporarily. However, we won't sit quite until they are shifted elsewhere,\" said JMM district president Ramesh Hansda.According to officials in the district excise department, the decision on shifting the two liquor shops will be taken soon. \"The two shops are closed for the time being,\" said an excise official.A few weeks ago, several women from Gherwa village under MGM police station area visited the district headquarters and lodged a complaint regarding rampant selling of country made liquor in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16561776", "title": "Mantralaya hit as NCP ministers stay away", "text": "MUMBAI: Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar's resignation on Tuesday not only triggered high drama in state politics, the repurcussion were felt at Mantralaya as work was badly affected on Wednesday.Ajit Pawar's office had already started winding down. \"Files that came for approval from various departments are being sent back as they will no longer be signed by Pawar,\" said officials. That the office of the deputy chief minister itself will shut down, even if temporarily, was made clear late in the day by NCP leader and Union industries minister Praful Patel. Staff at Ajit Pawar's office were uncertain if they would be retained or transferred outside Mantralaya.The weekly state cabinet meeting was called off as all NCP ministers, who too put in their papers after Pawar, stayed away from the state government headquarters. NCP ministers and MLAs were Vidhan Bhavan where a legislator party meeting was held to condole the death of former speaker and NCP MLA Babasaheb Kupekar, and to decide the future course of \"political action\".The absence of the ministers, especially those holding important portfolios (home minister R R Patil, guardian minister for island city Jayant Patil, PWD minister Chhagan Bhujbal , irrigation minister Sunil Tatkare and medical education minister Dr Vijaykumar Gavit) affected work at Mantralaya. \"Many visitors (who generally come on the day of a cabinet meeting as all ministers are present) had to return,\" said a Mantralaya official.However, Congress ministers including Narayan Rane (industries minister), Balasaheb Thorat (revenue minister), Suresh Shetty (public health), Radhakrishna Vikhe-Patil (agriculture) and Varsha Gaikwad (women and child welfare) were present. \"Had Congress ministers too remained absent, it would have given wrong signals to citizens and would have been a great embarrassment for the ruling DF government,\" the official added.Incidentally, Pawar's office had become fully operational only a fortnight back, sources said. After Pawar's sixth floor office was completely gutted in the Mantralaya fire in June, his office was temporarily shifted to the second floor, earlier occupied by water resources minister Sunil Tatkare. Pawar's staff was stationed at Vidhan Bhavan. Just about a month ago, they finally moved to the first floor in the main building. \"Pawar is unlikely to take back his resignation so it makes no sense to keep the files with us. The files that are pending are from Tuesday. All the earlier files had been cleared,\" officials said, pointing to Pawar's penchant for quick decisions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16562776", "title": "Railway sops to sickle cell patients too little", "text": "NAGPUR: The Sickle Cell Society of India (SCSI) has termed the grant of concession in railway fares to sickle cell anaemia patients an eyewash. The scheme has come into force from June 1.\"We fought a long battle for sops in railway fare to sickle cell patients and treat them at par with thalassaemia patients. But while granting concession, the ministry of railways was biased,\" said Sampat Ramteke, president of SCSI.Both, sickle cell anaemia and thalassaemia, are forms of inherited autosomal recessive blood disorders but railways think it otherwise. Sickle cell patients mostly hail from rural areas while those suffering from thalassaemia are from city areas.Ramteke says a thalassaemia patient and an individual attendant with him get 75% concession in fare whereas a sickle patient gets 50% concession and an attendant has no provision for discount. Both patients need attendant while travelling.Concession to sickle cell patients was announced in 2012-13 railway budget. The element of concession is 50% on basic fare for sleeper, AC chair car, AC 3-tier and AC 2-tier classes in mail/express trains only.Ramteke said the process is so complicated that the sickle cell patient will have to produce certificate to the station masters in a prescribed form issued by the officer in charge of the government recognized hospital where the patient is being treated.\"The certificate will be valid for only three months. This means the patient will have to procure such a certificate four times in a year, which will be a tedious task, especially looking at the way our government hospitals function,\" Ramteke said.In 2008, the United Nations had announced 'Sickle cell is the world's most fatal genetic disease'. Ramteke said the railway officials who draft rules and misguide the ministers should be reminded of this fact. The SCSI has decided to write to prime minister Manmohan Singh on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16570555", "title": "Crimes on the rise in Morni", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Twelve-days after the broad daylight murder of a local priest in only hilly area of Haryana, Morni, recovery of another decomposed body has stunned the local resident on September 26. The body was recovered during late evening hours and believed to be of a local resident, residing near Morni. The body was kept in mortuary of General Hospital , sector 6 and postmortem examination has been conducted.Morni is the only hilly tourist place in Haryana.A local priest Duli Chand was murdered by four Chandigarh youths when the former had raised objection on their drinking in the open area on September 15 and four youths were nabbed by local residents and later handed over to district police Panchkula. Anil Sharma, a local resident, said more than one dozen decomposed bodies have been recovered from different locations in Mornin under mysterious circumstances and police have failed to ascertain exact cause of death behind a single incident.ASI Paramjit Singh, in-charge of police post Morni, said, \"\"routine patrolling has been increased in the area of Morni and presence of police has also bee increased in the hilly area. The maximum incidents of drunken brawls, thrashings and other henious crimes were reported during weekend days when people used to visit Morni from different areas and created problem.\"\"Interestingly, in all these incidents, not a single local resident of Morni was involved and all accused are outsiders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16562749", "title": "Fumigation record system not foolproof", "text": "NEW DELHI: Corporations maintain that the domestic breeding checkers (DBCs) are working as usual, but when TOI asked to see their attendance records, they said such details could be had only through the RTI route.\"We don't maintain manual records and those cannot be shared with anybody just like that. The DBCs, who are on contract basis, mark their attendance through a biometric system. The machines are installed at all zonal levels and they get their salaries based on their attendance,\" said a zonal-level health official of the East Delhi Municipal Corporation.Also, there is no proper mechanism to check whether fumigation is taking place or not, except surprise visits from the health department officials.\"The DBCs only prepare the records of the number of houses they have checked. But one doesn't double check every record. Sometimes surprise visits by officials are a way to check them,\" Y S Mann, press and information, director, North Corporation, said.Many RWAs are still waiting for municipal staff to fumigate their areas. \"We have approached our area councillor so many times but he sends us away promising that fogging will take place next week. The brimming dhalaos and open drains have all become breeding grounds for mosquitoes. It is the residents who are exposed to the risk of diseases,\" said B S Vohra, East Delhi Resident Welfare Associations' Joint Front.On Wednesday, fumigation was carried out in some of the areas. \"The municipal staff that we never saw before came to our locality and fumigated the area. The mosquito menace is on the rise and fogging will help curb it,\" said I D Sharma, general secretary, Arjun Vihar RWA.For the pending salaries of the DBCs, the corporations have expedited the process and if funds from the government aren't released by this month-end, they will be paid from other funds. \"The pending arrears have been cleared and this month's salary, too, will be given on time,\" said an East Corporation official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "16566049", "title": "Four Itanagar Zoo officials sacked for negligence of duty over tigress death", "text": "ITANAGAR: Two days after miscreants killed a tigress in Itanagar Zoo, the forest department on Wednesday terminated the services of three contingency staff and suspended one forest guard of the zoo for negligence in duty.Miscreants sneaked into the zoo in the cover of darkness and broke open the enclosure of Oni, a third generation tigress on Monday night. They killed the tigress and left with her flesh. However, they did not take with them valuable parts like teeth, skin and claws, leaving the zoo officials in a dilemma about the motive behind the gruesome act.\"We performed the last rites of the six-year-old tigress within the zoo campus on Wednesday in the presence of the magistrate and police,\" deputy conservator of forest (wildlife) P Ringu said.He said police have launched a search operation, but no arrests have been made so far. The zoo authority also informed the Wildlife Crime Control Bureau (WCCB) about the incident and sleuths of the bureau are expected to visit the zoo soon, Ringu said.The postmortem of the tigress was done on Tuesday and doctors detected three wounds in her head. \"The doctors found two leads. The tigress was shot with a.22 rifle. They also found a microchip, which was implanted in her body on September 2007,\" Ringu said.He said the microchip had been sealed and kept carefully to help in the WCCB in their investigation if required.The miscreants killed the tigress from a point blank range inside the cage and dragged the dead tigress a few metres away from the cage to an area covered with thick bushes and hacked the tigress to pieces around 9 pm when the three guards had gone for dinner.Six-year-old Oni was born in the zoo on December 29, 2006. She was among the six big cats of the zoo.Itanagar Zoo was set up in 1987 in an area spread over 250 hectares. However, the display area of the zoo is only 41 hectares because of encroachment. Besides the six big cats, the zoo also houses over 200 animal species, including endangered leopards, clouded leopards, hoolock gibbons, capped langurs, slow lorises and civets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16562450", "title": "Power bills may dip as DERC plans return to old slabs", "text": "NEW DELHI: After three months and anguished howls of protest from consumers, the Delhi Electricity Regulatory Commission (DERC) is set to revert to the original slabs for calculating power tariffs. The regulator on Wednesday said that it would hold a public hearing on October 8 on the issue.However, experts and consumers said this would hardly make any difference and the real need was to cut rates, not revise slabs.DERC has suggested scrapping of the 0-400 units slab and restoring the original slabs of 0-200 units and 201-400 units with new rates for the latter. So, if you consume over 200 units, only those units that exceed the first slab will be charged as per the next slab, which is proposed to be Rs 5.70/ unit. Charges for consumption up to 200 units are the same as earlier at Rs 3.70/unit. As per the June order, those who consumed power above 200 units would forgo the first slab completely and be billed only as per the second slab of Rs 4.80/unit from 0-400 units. With thousands of consumers in Delhi still complaining about incorrect water bills and tedious procedures to have them corrected, chief minister Sheila Dikshit said that the government would waive off late payment charges for domestic consumers. Delhi Jal Board will hold camps across the city over the next two months to resolve billing issues.Dikshit met MLAs on Wednesday, four days after TOI had reported on the chaos at the GK-I DJB zonal office where hundreds of consumers had shown up with incorrect bills.\"Consumers started receiving bills under new regime only after June. It will take at least two to three cycles for bills to be rectified as we are still saddled with old data. As the consumers are facing so many problems, we have decided to hold camps to sort out all disputes,\" said a senior DJB official. The camps will be organized by dispute resolution committees that will be set up under each zonal revenue officer. These committees will be authorized to take decisions regarding billing disputes.Since the payment date for those who have already received bills under the new cycle is the last week of September and dispute solution camps are yet to be set up, a late payment of bill will not invite late surcharge payment. Late payment surcharge on disputed amounts will also be waived off. This waiver can be availed by settling payments at the special camps.Another benefit being offered by DJB is the payment of only current charges on those bills that are disputed. \"Since arrears have been added to current charges and this amount is under dispute, consumers have the option of paying only current charges on water and sewerage. They should take advantage of the camps and have their bills sorted out immediately. Once the changes are made, they will be entered into our central system,\" said a source.Dikshit has asked DJB to install a notice board outside all ZRO offices, stating the timings and days on settlement of arrears. DJB CEO Debashree Mukherjee will set up a special cell in her office to deal with suggestions and complaints submitted by MPs and MLAs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16563793", "title": "Gandhi inspires new-age leaders", "text": "AHMEDABAD: While Mahatma Gandhi may have set up several examples to live by, the most important learning from his life is perhaps being the change we want to see in the world. This is exactly what a handful of individuals have decided to do.Kaivalya Education Foundation - which works with government schools in several states to bring a deep shift in the education and community patterns for the poor - brought together 44 youngsters under its Gandhi Fellowship programme in the city recently.The youngsters, in their first year of the two-year fellowship programme, spent 42 days in various slum areas of Ahmedabad, teaching in municipal schools and understanding the problems that plagued the local residents. Aditi Bose, a business student from Delhi stayed at Bori Mill ki Chaali with a family of five. The man of the house worked in a garment shop and his wife made and sold knick-knacks. The family embraced Aditi and showed her the ways of life in the community. The school she was associated with, Gujarati Khadiashala, made steady progress during the collaboration.\"The school principal was very supportive and would listen to every change that I wanted to incorporate,\" Aditi said. \"In the classroom, we had to teach the existing syllabus but in a unique way. The experience was not about being a substitute teacher, but about teaching life skills that go beyond just education.\"Ashraf Sherasiya, a social sciences graduate from Wankaner, stayed with a family near Khodiyar Nagar and taught at Shahpur Urdushala. The slum consisted of people who had been shifted for the riverfront development project. \"The children of these families now have to travel from three different parts of the city to the nearest Urdu school in Behrampura,\" Ashraf said. \"Autos ply between these areas carrying kids. Most drop-outs from school have happened due to the rehabilitation.\"Bharati Odedara, a graduate from Junagadh, did not live an easy 40 days. She stayed in Baba Patel ki Chaali with a house maid's family. A part of the fellowship programme prompted her to learn the life skills of her host. Thus, she worked as a maid for a whole month in Maninagar.Ashokbhai Banthia, the head of the house where Bharti volunteered to work as a maid, said, \"This programme is truly unique. I have never come across such brave individuals,\"The head teachers and principals of these schools also underwent a sea change themselves. Kamlaben Jadav, principal of Ellisbridge Gujaratishala said, \"Our community is full of stubborn, superstitious people. They don't send their children to school every day because extra hands mean more money. Also, they don't treat education as a life skill. But working with these Gandhi fellows, I see how we can bring in a definite change in the school system.\"This programme inculcates leadership skills in the fellows as well as in principals running the schools, said Kumar Abhishek from Kaivalya. As Aditi puts it, \"The two years I have invested in this programme is not just for gaining leadership skills and understanding community problems, but also about personal growth and imbibing Gandhian values deep in ourselves.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16562853", "title": "Contractors want BMC to relax 'stringent' tender rules", "text": "MUMBAI: More than 100 contractors met municipal commissioner Sitaram Kunte on Wednesday and asked him to relax the \"stringent tender conditions\" imposed on them by the civic body. Under fire from all quarters over poor quality of road works, the BMC had introduced a slew of measures to rein in the contractor lobby and take to task those responsible for shoddy job.The key demands made by the contractors are quick release of payments by the BMC's finance department and an increase in the cost escalation margin (the percentage by which the cost of a project can be revised annually) from the existing 5 % to at least 10%. The contractors also objected to the frequent changes made in the tender conditions by the planning and design department.The meeting lasted 2.5 hours and was called so that civic officials and the contractors could discuss their grievances. While Kunte lent a patient hearing to the contractors, he pointed to the slipping quality of civil works and asked them to stop indulging in fraudulent practices like using inferior quality material. Sources said Kunte also minced no words and told the contractors that roads in Delhi and other major cities were better than those in Mumbai.From now, contractors will not be allowed to construct an office on the footpath near the work site, but they will be able to store equipment and material at the site. At present, road tenders mention that contractors either own an asphalt plant or set up one within 30 days of getting the tender. They also have to give a bank guarantee of Rs 3 crore to the civic body. \"It is impossible to get permissions to set up an asphalt plant in 30 days. We discussed the changes needed to make things easier for us as well as the BMC,\" said a contractor.Contractors also complained about pendency of files and alleged malpractices by civic officials while allotting tenders. Kunte has asked for a report on the alleged malpractices.Charter of demandsQuick release of payments by the BMC's finance departmentAn increase in the cost escalation margin (the percentage by which the cost of a project can be revised annually) from the existing 5 % to at least 10%.An end to frequent changes made in the tender conditions by the planning and design departmentReduce the time taken by civic officials to cleared project filesCivic officials must stop indulging in malpractices while scrutinizing and allotting tendersThe BMC standThe quality of paver blocks should be keeping with the prescribed normContractors can't build a temporary office on a footpath near work site. They can only keep material and equipment at the siteRoad contractors must either own an asphalt plant or set up one within 30 days of getting the tenderContractors must submit a bank guarantee of Rs 3 crore to the BMCThe bigger the betterMayor Sunil Prabhu said the BMC must approach big companies like L&T;, Gammon India and J Kumar for construction of roads. Pointing out that road tenders worth Rs 1,400 crore were in the offing, Prabhu has invited big firms to participate in the tender processAfter Eight YearsThe meeting between contractors and civic officials to discuss problems was held after eight years. Such a meeting was last held during the tenure of municipal commissioner Karun Srivastava", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16562972", "title": "Students from northeast get inducted into DU", "text": "NEW DELHI: The office of the dean of students' welfare held an orientation for students from the northeastern states. The programme, which introduced new inductees to Delhi University's systems, also included a cultural event and a lunch comprising delicacies from the northeastern states.The programme was rather well-attended and according to Pv.mevei Paokhomai, a third-year student and one of the organizers, by evening, over 1,330 students had stopped by. That's also when most of the action happened. There were cultural programmes by students from the eight northeastern states including a Cheraw bamboo dance by a Mizo troupe, Bihu by the Assamese and a Naga-Angamese folk song ( as the welcome song) by the girls from Nagaland studying in Jesus and Mary College.\"The students from JMC have been practicing the bamboo dance for 20\u201425 days. We have been working with a very tight schedule. None of us had much time,\" says Paokhomai. There was a solo number by Awmpuii Khawlhring of Kamala Nehru College.While neither the vice chancellor nor the joint commissioner of police, Robin Hibu, could make it to the morning sessions, the dean of students' welfare, J M Khurana, told the students that over 10,000 students study in different colleges under the university.He seemed most concerned about their stay. \"I hope you have found appropriate places to stay, preferably in places where friends have stayed before,\" he said adding that from this year a special hostel for about 350 girls from the northeastern states has been started. And, much like issuing a travel advisory, he asked them \"to avoid street food as far as possible.\"Khurana encouraged the students to take attendance and internal assessment seriously and told them about the LCD projectors DU has distributed among colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16564537", "title": "Bhopal School of Social Sciences holds contests to create awareness for environment among students", "text": "BHOPAL: The department of humanities of Bhopal School of Social Sciences (BSSS) organised an event with the theme 'Greening the blue'. According to a college spokesperson, the event was organised to create awareness and respect for environment among students. Easy writing, poster making and slogan writing competitions were organised. On the occasion, principal, BSSS, Fr Joseph PP and other staff members were present.AISECT : A cultural extravaganza comprising old theme dances, choreography and musical presentations captivated the students in the fresher's party organised at AISECT University. The function provided an avenue for the students to exhibit their inherent talents. Professor V K Verma, vice chancellor, AISECT University welcomed freshers to the institute .CMAT: The online test for the Common Management Admission Test (CMAT) will start from Thursday at IES College. The three-hour test will be organised in two shifts. The first shift will start from 9.30 am and the second will start from 2.30pm. Students are to report one and half before the start of the exam. The All India Council of Technical Education (AICTE) has launched a national-level CMAT to select suitable students for admission in all management programmes approved by it. The online test will be concluded on October1. The results will be declared on October 17.Workshop: The Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Institute (MSMEI), Indore, organised a workshop for students to provide tips on becoming an entrepreneur at Radharaman Group of Institutes. Addressing the students, director of MSMEI, Dr D S Mandloi said strong decision making and proper understanding about the product can make students a successful entrepreneur after completing their degree. \"There are several schemes running by the central and state government for students wishes to be an entrepreneur,\" said Dr Mandaloi.Induction programme: Career College of Management organized a one-day induction programme for its new batch of 2012-14 MBA students. The programme was attended by director, faculty members and the mentors. All students were thrilled as it was their first day of college. They all received a warm welcome from the college. On the occasion, students were made aware of the facilities available in the college, the course curriculum.AOL: The JICM organized an Art of Living session for its students at its the college campus.TNN", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16562798", "title": "Drunk driving: Auto driver gets 10-day jail", "text": "NEW DELHI: An auto driver has been sentenced to 10 days in jail for driving in drunken state with the court saying that the imprisonment would deter public transport drivers from doing their job under the influence of liquor. Additional sessions judge Vikas Dhull ordered that convict Kateshwar Rao, who was out on bail, be taken into custody, to serve the jail term given by the trial court.\"The court can take judicial notice of the fact that accidents involving vehicles being driven under the influence of alcohol are on rise and if no deterrent steps are taken, many innocent lives are going to be lost. Therefore, this court is of the opinion that 10 days' imprisonment awarded to the convict by the trial court will achieve the desired objective of providing deterrent to Rao and other drivers who drive public transport vehicles under influence of alcohol,\" Dhull said.The court order came on Rao's appeal against the magisterial court's July 18 decision, which had sentenced him to 10 days in jail and imposed a fine of Rs 2,600 on him for driving without the driving licence and the uniform and in an inebriated state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16572719", "title": "Red Bull Racing Can is all set to go!", "text": "Red Bull Racing Can is a college racing series, where the youth of the city show-off their fresh talent. It is a worldwide event, where 24 teams compete per location on a set course with custom remote control cars. But to ensure fair play, the chassis of all cars are the same. It's the body of the racers, aerodynamics and particularly design that makes the difference. And that's where tin metal joins the race! The body, aerodynamic features and design is made of the Red Bull cans.This unique competition challenges both an engineers' genius and petrol-heads nerves, compelling the participants to play the pit crew as well as the racer. So step on the accelerator and navigate your car through corners of the racing track in tricky and daring overtaking maneuvers to become the Indian Red Bull Racing Can champion!Starting on 21st September in Pune, Red Bull Racing Can will travel to Mumbai, Bangalore, Delhi, Hyderabad, Chennai and Kolkata. The national finals will take place in October, 2012 in Mumbai. The winning team of the national finals will then represent India at the global finals during the Brazilian Grand Prix, at Sao Paulo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "16563159", "title": "Another defaced religious book found in Ghaziabad", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Twelve days after violence erupted in Masuri, which saw six people dead and the Masuri police station being destroyed, defaced pages from another religious book were found in Ghaziabad in Prem Nagar near the Ghaziabad railway station.The pages, which had a series of phone numbers scribbled on it, were found by a junk dealer who took them to the Imam of the local mosque in Prem Nagar. The police have placed the area under high alert and officers of Ghaziabad police and Police Armed Constibulary have been strategically placed in the area to ensure that peace is maintained.The police, however, said that they can't rule out the possibility of a widespread conspiracy to incite communal tension as this is the third such incident of a defaced religious book being found in Ghaziabad in the last 90 days.According to the police, the pages were found by Azaz, junk dealer Shuameen's son, on Tuesday morning. Azaz, a ragpicker, was allegedly given the defaced pages along with other waste paper and books. \"On going through the junk, Shaumeen found about 25 pages of the religious book that had phone numbers written on them. He took the pages to the Imam of the Chaand mosque in Prem Nagar,\" said a cop.Even as the Imam and other elders were deciding to bury the religious book in the graveyard to avoid violence, the locals called the numbers written on the pages. \"While some numbers were found to be fake, one belonged to man who runs a farmhouse business on Meerut Road in Ghaziabad. He got spooked and reported the matter to the police,\" said a senior police officer.Police said the businessman received the call at 6am on Wednesday. When he reported the matter, the police reached the mosque to investigate. \"This incident is quite similar to what happened in Masuri and we are taking all the necessary steps to ensure that violence does not erupt in the area,\" said a cop.Ghaziabad police have increased security in the area. Prem Nagar has railway tracks on one side and the busy NH-91 on the other. Police said since the area is congested, they have placed officers at strategic locations away from the mosque.\"Investigation is underway and an FIR has been registered under Sections 153 and 297 of IPC, both concerning inciting communal tension,\" said SS Yadav, SP (City).This is third such defaced Quran found in Ghaziabad in the last 90 days. The first incident was reported in Pilakhua on August 10, the second incident in Masuri on September 14 and the third on Wednesday in Prem Nagar. According to police sources, the similarity of the three incidents and the fact that the first two were reported during the month of Ramzan and Friday prayers points to a conspiracy to trigger communal tension.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "shimonga", "code": "16565711", "title": "Tight security for immersion", "text": "SHIMONGA: The district administration and police have adopted stringent security measures at important venues in the district to facilitate peaceful immersion of Ganesha idols by several Hindu Jagrutha groups in the district. A number of idols installed at Bhadravathi, Sharalkoppa, Sagar and Shimoga will be immersed between September 27 and 30. Though several groups have been installing idols and organizing programmes for several decades, the procession before immersion of idols has always been considered sensitive. The administration has banned the sale of liquor from September 27 morning to 30 evening at important places. Police district chief Raman Gupta said all contingency measures to allow peaceful procession and immersion have been worked out. Police vigil has been stepped up at sensitive places and known troublemakers have been taken in preventive custody. More than 100 CCTV cameras will watch over Bhadravathi on September 27 and Shimoga city on 28 to monitor the crowd, especially at sensitive places. The SP said a new police squad called 'Rowdy Control Squad' has been constituted in Shimoga city to maintain vigil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16563859", "title": "Committee formed to identify suitable Lokayukta", "text": "PANAJI: The cabinet on Wednesday approved the constitution of a three-member committee to identify suitable candidates for the post of Lokayukta, Upa-Lokayukta and chief information commissioner.Speaking to media persons after the cabinet meeting, chief minister Manohar Parrikar said the committee has been given three tasks as he has not been able to indentify any suitable candidate for the posts.Parrikar stated those identified were either engaged or unavailable or those available were reluctant to relocate to Goa.The committee will be headed by advocate general Atmaram Nadkarni and have the chief secretary and law secretary as members. Parrikar said the committee has to suggest names within two weeks.The committee has to provide four to five names for the post of Lokayukta, and three to four names for that of Upa-Lokayukta, of persons who are eligible and willing to accept the posts.He also said the committee will indentify a retired Supreme Court or high court judge for the post of chief information commissioner.Parrikar said the government has completed all processes to establish the Lokayukta and that the cabinet has created 36 posts for the Lokayukta's office which will be housed at the old medical college building at Ribandar.Reacting to the resignation of state information commissioner Pradeep Padwal, Parrikar said, \"I have not received Padwal's resignation and till then I do not consider that post vacant. When the resignation reaches me I will take an appropriate decision.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "munger", "code": "16563665", "title": "Mob ransacks Munger hospital after child's death", "text": "MUNGER: An irate mob comprising residents of Hasanganj under Kashim Bazar police station went on rampage early Wednesday morning and damaged the glasspanes and windows of the emergency ward of the sadar hospital after the death of a three-year old female child.Deputy superintendent of the hospital Dr. Srinath said the child was admitted by her maternal father Pradeep Sah to the hospital for head injuries which she had sustained by falling down from the staircase of her house. Her condition grew serious at about 2am on Wednesday morning. When the parents of the child approached the medical officer (MO) Dr Rakesh Sinha, who was on duty, he allegedly rebuked Sah saying he was taking rest. Later on, when a nurse of the hospital approached the MO to see the ailing child, he went there only to find that the child dead.Consequently, child's relatives and other people present there started creating ruckus. After the incident, all the medical officers of the sadar hospital went on a lightning strike paralysing the hospital activities. The angry villagers also closed the main gate of the hospital. Sadar sub divisional magistrate Mahesh Das brought the situation under control.Dr Srinath said the medical officers went to the district magistrate and handed over a memorandum stating it was not possible to work in such an atmosphere. The medical officers of the hospital resumed duty after the DM's assurance of proper action. Kotwali SHO said no FIR has so far been lodged by any side.Two arrested with fake currency: Fake Indian currency worth Rs 1.4 lakh in Rs 500 denomination were seized on Wednesday by the police near Jubilee Well under Jamalpur police station in Munger district.Jamalpur police station SHO Rajesh Sharan said they had received information that few persons belonging to states other than Bihar were dealing in fake currency notes and cheating people promising them to double the amount which one would pay to them. On repayment, one would find that the currency received was fake. On this tip off, a special task force was constituted under the direction of Munger SP P Kannan to conduct the raid. Two youngsters, Hannan and Hasnan who are residents of Malda district of West Bengal, were arrested red handed, said Sharan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16562960", "title": "Lalita Babbar set for scrap with mentors at Delhi Half Marathon", "text": "NEW DELHI: One of the more intriguing sideshows of the Airtel Delhi Half Marathon this Sunday will be the battle between top Indian women runners as they try to come on top in that category. Leading the charge would the trio of Kavita Raut, Sudha Singh and Lalita Babbar.Two-time winner and defending champion Lalita, who won the Mumbai Marathon this year with a timing of 2:53.35, is hoping to corner glory again. However, she is not really confident of retaining her crown.\"After participating in the full marathon in Mumbai this year, I had to take three months off for recovery. I have trained hard but I am not as fit as I was last year. I will try to finish in the top three. With Kavita and Sudha participating, the competition will be tough. But I will try my best,\" Lalita told TOI. Lalita had recorded her best in half marathon at last year's ADHM, finishing first with a timing of 1:17:38. \"The aim is to finish below 1 hour and 18 minutes this time too,\" she said.Lalita stays in Bangalore and the train journey to Delhi took almost two days. \"Since, I can't train physically now, I am preparing myself mentally,\" she said. Lalita, who trains along ith Kavita and Sudha who are her 'mentors', feels its been a learning experience. \"We train together. They keep telling me how to go about things, what should be my diet before the race and how I should prepare. Whatever I have learnt, it's from them.\"High-quality field for meetA total of 12 male athletes with sub-60 timings and eight women with sub-70 timings will be participating in the ADHM. Hugh Jones, the race director, believes that this edition of the meet would be the faster than last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16565962", "title": "It\u2019s BBMP\u2019s business: Apartments", "text": "BANGALORE: A sense of outrage prevails among residents of group housing complexes in the city over what they say is an attempt by BBMP to wash its hands of the waste generated by apartments which have been listed under bulk garbage generators.A September 20 BBMP notification BBMP mandated that apartments with 10 units or above should have their own composting or bio-fuel generation units. It also threatens to slap fine on all categories of bulk generators, including apartments, that dump garbage on streets, public spaces and vacant sites.But residents of apartments, mostly old ones, are wondering where they can find space for the units given the paucity of space they face for parking vehicles.\"When we pay garbage cess like any other property owner, how can BBMP say it will not manage our waste? It's unconstitutional to say that the Palike will not lift garbage from apartments,\" said S Suresh Hari, secretary of Confederation of Real Estate Developers ' Associations of India (Credai).\"We cooperate with BBMP in segregating waste at source, but we won't when it says garbage will not be collected from apartments. One day the authorities might even say power and water will not be supplied to apartments. Should we keep quiet then too and generate our own power and water ? It's BBMP's duty to provide us with basic amenities,\" Hari asserted.BBMP commissioner Rajneesh Goel, however, said that the measure should have been implemented 15 years back.\"There is nothing new in this measure. It's in the Karnataka Municipal Act itself. It is only that BBMP had not implemented it so far. We have been demonstrating the knowhow of wet waste processing to Credai members,\" said Goel.Apartment residents though are furious that BBMP is asking them to manage their waste by literally holding a gun to their head. \"I don't understand how BBMP takes a decision, sets an unrealistic deadline, and asks citizens to implement it. The officials never held talks with resident associations.\"How can apartments which are so tight on space have composting units or bio-fuel generation plants when there is not space for parking vehicles? It would be realistic to expect huge layouts or enclaves to set up composting units.But to expect 30-unit apartment complexes that generate 100kg of garbage on a weekly basis to set up composting units is unrealistic,\" said SS Kalyanpur, founder president, Rustambagh Residents Association , Challaghatta.LEGAL JUGGLERY?BBMP defence is that Sections 256, 257 and 260 of the Karnataka Municipal Corporations Act 1976 defines bulk generators as those residential or commercial or public entities which generate 100 kg and more wet waste daily. However, these sections do not refer to apartments but only confer powers on the commissioner to act in case of \"rubbish and filth accumulating in large quantities on premises used for carrying on any manufacture, trade or business\" and not to apartments.WHAT BBMP SAYSBBMP sources cited the public notice issued by BBMP in this regard:\"Bulk generators shall retain dry waste within their premises to be handed over directly to the nearest authorized dry waste collection centres. Wet waste and garden waste generated shall be composted at source or proceeded using biomethanisation technique (process of converting wet wastein to biofuel). Where it is not possible to compost wet waste at site, due to space constraint, alternative arrangements shall be made by the generator to hand over wet waste private composters or BBMP wet waste collectors, on payment, as specified by concerned zonal commissioners.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16565736", "title": "Trivandrum International Airport judged the best AAI-governed airport", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Trivandrum International Airport (TIA) has bested metro airports of the country to top the latest airport service quality (ASQ) survey by Airports Council International. The airport has been adjudged as the best maintained international airport of the 10 airports governed by the Airports Authority of India, with a rating of 4.48 on a 5 point scale. Calicut International Airport came second with a rating of 4.19 and Guwahati International Airport came third with score of 4.18.ASQ survey measures the levels of service delivered by an airport in comparison with other airports. The key performance indicators are waiting time during check-in, security measures, number of baggage carts available, flight information display, ease in connecting with other flights, walking distance inside the terminal, waiting time at immigration, friendly staff.The average rating of the ten participating airports at Jaipur, Goa, Kozhikode, Ahmedabad, Guwahati, Thiruvananthapuram, Pune, Lucknow, Kolkata and Chennai is 3.89, while the global average is 4.08. The current ASQ rating is for the April-June (2012) period. TIA received a 4.15 rating during the Jan-March survey. Guwahati was top airport during the first quarter.\"We are very happy and honoured by this recognition. I feel there is room for improvement with respect to particular requirements of the airport. The endeavour is to maintain the standard,\" said airport Director VN Chandran.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16563522", "title": "Portal to help promising business ideas bloom", "text": "GURGAON: In the world of business, a good idea often falls victim to simple money matters. Lack of initial funding is one reason why many entrepreneurial dreams are nipped in the bud. And wooing investors, especially in these economically turbulent times, is anything but easy. For the young businesses to thrive, what's needed is a support-system. And this is just what the creators of the new crowd-funding portal, www.billionidea.com, are offering. Recently launched in Gurgaon, this not-for-profit website, created by industry insiders and other professionals, will provide early financial support to promising business ideas. Everything form an 'incubation centre,' to funds sourced from a common pool of investors will be made available. \"We are the first crowd sourcing platform in India,\" said Deepak Kapoor, co-founder of Billion Idea. The panel of professionals will be vetting and auditing business models that are submitted to the webportal. And among these, the ones that stand out will be chosen for the support program. \"There will be an option of charity funding, for those who would like to help someone start a small business and create employment opportunities. And those looking for returns on their investment can also benefit,\" he said. Kapoor said that his organization is planning to set up multiple centres across the country to aid small-scale businesses looking for funds. \"We will help the company in the first stage, if we like the business model. Financial support and other advice on how to grow will be provided,\" he said. Investors, once they are verified by the organization members, will be able to chip in amounts as small as Rs 2,000. \"I have already got a good response, and several members have registered. We have booked 140 such sites across India,\" Kapoor added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16563238", "title": "Bhopal activist targets Kudankulam plant", "text": "COIMBATORE: A disaster at Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant will be more destructive than the Bhopal gas tragedy of 1984, said Satinath Sarangi, one of the leaders of the movement seeking justice for victims of the Bhopal gas tragedy. He was speaking to TOI after interacting with students at the Park Group of Institutions on Wednesday.Sarangi claimed that power plants in India including those in Tarapur in Maharashtra and Rawatbhata in Rajasthan were among the worst in the world with respect to safety measures. Researchers from other countries visit these plants to study how not to run them, he said. He added that in the case of the proposed Kudankulam power plant, the nuclear establishment was still to reveal safety measures.Various government agencies have been suppressing problems they have created in areas surrounding the nuclear power plants, he said. Radiation leaks are common in the plants but the government has not yet conducted a study on the health issues caused by power plants. Getting even basic information on the number of people affected by radiation in areas near nuclear power plants is close to impossible, he added. Hospitals do not give information and even conducting surveys in villages in the vicinity are not allowed. Therefore, the hazardous effects that the power plants can cause are not yet known, he said.Sarangi also spoke about the plight of the victims of Bhopal tragedy. He said the government has completely neglected the needs of thousands of people who were affected by the gas leak from the Union Carbide plant in Bhopal three decades ago. Thousands of kilo grams of chemical waste have been buried in and around the areas, contaminating underground water sources and creating serious health problems. Birth defects, cancers and diseases affecting the liver and kidneys are common in Bhopal, Sarangi said. To avoid similar situations the Kudankulam plant must be stopped, he said.Actor Rahul Bose also interacted with the students and spoke about youth movements that target corruption and other pressing issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16564156", "title": "Mumbaikars to monitor civic body\u2019s existing land use survey", "text": "MUMBAI: A 2-sq-km area in every councillor's ward will be physically monitored by citizens to check the existing land use (ELU) pattern in their neighbourhood. This will help formulate the BMC's development plan (DP), which will be prepared in 2014 and implemented till 2034.Urban planners and architects have opined that it is not possible to monitor the ELU for all 227 corporator wards that comprises a total area of 457 sq km in Greater Mumbai.On Wednesday, the Urban Design Research Institute (UDRI) initiated a public participatory process at Coomaraswamy Hall in Fort and invited citizens to support the civic body in its preparation of the new DP. The institute is already running a campaign, Plan Your Mumbai. \"We will ask the state to issue a public notice and invite suggestions from the public so that mistakes in the ELU document can be reconciled. So far, there are 1,200 sites subverted in the ELU plan,\" said Pankaj Joshi, executive director, UDRI.Joshi said citizens were expected to identify the DP deficiencies in their neighbourhood and ward. The civic body would then be asked to revise the ELU so that a correct base map for planning purposes was prepared by the BMC.Some of the discrepancies found by an ELU survey, conducted by a civic body-appointed consortium and based on information obtained through an RTI Act plea, were that the boundaries of most wards were changed, heritage buildings were marked but not graded, industrial land parcels were marked as commercial or eastern waterfronts and the Worli fort\u2014a listed heritage monument\u2014had disappeared.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16564148", "title": "Out-of-reach homes fuel illegal constructions", "text": "PUNE: Like thousands of families that migrate to Pune in search of work every year, the Deokates came from drought-hit Beed in Marathwada to earn a living in the city. That dream came crashing down when two earning members died and one of them was badly injured in the building collapse at Taljai pathar which claimed the lives of 11 people on Monday.In the absence of affordable housing in the city, illegal and poorly built constructions in Taljai, Dhankawadi, Ambegaon, Katraj, Warje and other fringe areas are homes to thousands of families like the Deokates.\"We don't have any options. We cannot afford any space in central Pune and I don't want my family to live in a slum. We live here as the rent is affordable,\" said Anand, a driver from Dhankawadi. Anand's friends from Satara district too live in illegal constructions which don't have basics like water, proper drains or sanitation.After the educated class of job seekers and businessmen migrating to the city, the working class -migrants from the state and the rest of India come looking for small jobs. They work on construction sites, in offices, as drivers, cooks, watchmen, domestic help and so on. They have little choice when it comes to accommodation. The civic body and the state government have failed to address the issue, despite launching schemes.\"There is no initiative from the private sector to create affordable housing. The PMC and the state have launched various schemes, but they have not worked well. There should be a comprehensive and long-term plan,\" said Satish Magar, president of CREDAI, Pune and Maharashtra.Housing for the economically weaker sections and lower income groups is possible only if state and the civic body take comprehensive steps to attract builders to develop schemes for these groups.A senior civic official said that the provisions made in the PMC's new development plan for old city areas makes it mandatory to reserve 30% space in constructions above 20,000 sq ft area for the economically weaker sections.\"It will help address housing scarcity for the lower middle class in the city. Even the Union government has suggested amendments to the state Acts for earmarking a minimum of 20% of developed land or 20% of Floor Space Index (FSI) in all land development/housing projects for EWS and LIG categories. The new DP, for a period from 2007 to 2027, is still being discussed in the City Improvement Committee (CIC), which may reach a decision in a few weeks,\" the official added.Pune city has notched up some impressive numbers in the last few years -- there has been a 30.34% growth in population in the last 10 years; the growth in urban population has been 36.63%. Urbanisation in Pune district is among the highest in the state, with over 57.39 lakh city-dwellers, the newly released provisional Census 2011 data shows. The data also shows that 60.88% people are concentrated in urban areas of Pune district, up from 58.08% in 2001. On the other hand, population in rural areas fell from 41.92% in 2001 to 39.11% in 2011.A recent study on housing done by Mashal, an NGO, for the civic body has highlighted the lack of affordable housing in the city. It says there is a shortfall of 2.5 to 3 lakh affordable housing units which may double in the next few years, considering the rate of migration.According to experts, ongoing efforts on housing for the economically weaker sections are piecemeal and a comprehensive policy is needed to address it.The study states, \"The most stark and visible sign of the severe shortage of affordable housing that afflicts Pune, and other fast-growing cities across India, is the incessant growth in the number of slums. In Pune, it is estimated that 40.56% of the city's population lives in slums at present, as compared to fewer than 20% 15 years ago. The housing stock periodically created over the years, by both the public and private sectors, under labels like EWS or LIG have proved to be grossly inadequate to provide for the growing squatter settlements and slums in urban areas.\"Ankush Kakade, chairman of MHADA (Pune region) said that land is the major issue in urban areas. \"MHADA is wiling to implement housing schemes in Pune. But considering land scarcity, many schemes remain on paper. We are trying to initiate steps to pay market rate to land owners ready to give land for schemes,\" said Kakade.MMRDA Model - A Non StarterA few years ago, the state government announced that it will replicate the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority's (MMRDA) rental housing policy in Pune once the Pune Metropolitan Region Development Authority (PMRDA) is formed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16563684", "title": "Engineer, worker fall in manhole, die", "text": "CHENNAI: A Metrowater engineer and a contract labourer died of asphyxiation in a manhole on Maduraimaadam Samy Street in Perambur on Wednesday morning. The Madras high court in October 2006 banned manual cleaning of sewage pits, but the practice continues in the state.Around 3am, police said, Venkataraman, 56, of West Mambalam, a junior engineer, and three contract workers came to the spot following complaints of overflowing sewage. After a preliminary inspection, labourer Shankar entered the pit. He was not wearing any safety gear, police said.When there was no response for a long time, engineer Venkataraman peeped in and found Shankar struggling and made attempts to pull him out when he, too, fell in. Both are suspected to have inhaled noxious gases in the manhole. The other two contract labourers appeared to have gone away from the spot, police said after talking to a local resident.Gandhimathi, a resident of a nearby residential complex who came out of her house around the time, told police she saw Venkataraman remove his shirt and lean into the pit when he fell in. She raised a cry and others gathered at the spot.Soon, police and fire and rescue services personnel from Sembium were alerted. The two bodies were fished out after a struggle of more than two hours. The bodies were sent to the government Kilpauk Medical College Hospital for postmortem.A case was registered under CrPC Section 174. The relatives of Shankar, a resident of Thiruverakadu, initially refused to accept the body and urged police to alter the Section to 304(A) (death due to negligence). They also demanded compensation. They were later pacified by senior police officers who promised action against the erring authorities. The actual reason of the death, police said, could be ascertained only after the postmortem.Mohammad Meeran, a friend who last saw Venkataraman on Tuesday night, said, \"this was his last assignment in the area as he had been transferred.\" Venkataraman was prompt in attending to problems in the area and was aware of clogging there, he said. \"Clogging and overflowing manholes add to residents' misery in this area. The problem becomes even more evident during the rainy season but the authorities have not drawn any plans to resolve this,\" Kumar, a local shopkeeper said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16564594", "title": "Major changes at Madurai Junction due to remodelling works", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai division of the Southern Railway has announced various changes in train services between September 29 and October 13, as major remodelling works will be carried out during this period at the Madurai Junction station. The division has announced that a few trains will be fully cancelled, some of them will be partially cancelled and others regulated. Trains originating from Madurai Junction will be operated from Kudal Nagar station during these days.According to the divisional railway manager (DRM), Ajai Kant Rastogi, the remodelling works consist of conversion of existing metre gauge lines on platform six and seven to have additional broad gauge platforms to cater to additional traffic in future and for better service to rail users. Separate lines for operating goods trains, train starting facility from platform eight towards Dindigul direction, berthing facilities for tourist trains and rearrangement of signalling system to cope with new changes in the yard, will be carried out during this period.In order to facilitate these works, train numbers 22621/22622 Rameswaram - Kanyakumari - Rameswaram and train numbers 56707/56708/ 56709/56710 Dindigul - Madurai - Dindigul passenger trains are fully cancelled during this period.Train numbers 56319/56320 Nagercoil - Coimbatore passengers will be partially cancelled between Virudhunagar and Madurai on September 28 and 29, between Madurai and Dindigul from September 30 to October 5 and between Virudhunagar and Dindigul on October 12. Train Number 56734 /56735 Sengottai - Madurai passengers will be partially cancelled between Virudhunagar and Madurai on October 12. Train number 22628 Tirunelveli- Trichy intercity express scheduled to leave Tirunelveli at 2.15pm will be rescheduled to leave Tirunelveli at 3.15pm on September 30 and October 12 for two days.Meanwhile, train number 16788 Jammu Tawi - Tirunelveli Bi-weekly Express will be delayed for 60 minutes at Dindigul station on October 4, train number 16127 Chennai Egmore- Guruvayur Express will be regulated for 85 minutes at Dindigul station on October 12, train number 56825 Erode/Mayiladuthurai - Tirunelveli passenger will be regulated for 40 minutes at Dindigul station on October 12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16562864", "title": "More security for Jewish hangouts following a threat of attacks by Lashkar-e-Taiba", "text": "NEW DELHI: Security has been strengthened at places frequented by Israelis, such as Chabad House and Paharganj, following a general alert about the possibility of attacks by terrorist group Lashkar-e-Taiba .Police sources say security at Chabad House has remained tight ever since the 2008 attacks in Mumbai and the bombing of an Israeli embassy car in Delhi early this year. However, this time they are being extra careful in the light of protests over the blasphemous online film on Prophet Mohammed.\"The last two days were the (Jewish) Yom Kippur holidays and the Sukkot holidays are just round the corner. Plainclothesmen from the Special Cell and Special Branch will be monitoring the situation on the ground and spotters have been kept on standby. However, the input on LeT strikes is general and talks of the entire festive season covering all communities,'' said an officer.Police sources say Israeli backpackers on their way to Dharamshala or Goa usually make a stopover in Paharganj hostels and celebrate Jewish festivals like Hanukkah and Passover in Chabad House. If there's no festive occasion, they gather there to share the Sabbath meals.Police have learnt that 35 terrorists of IM, LeT, HuM and other organizations might cause a disturbance in the upcoming festive season. Apart from making the faces of these terrorists public, police are deploying extra men to check out guesthouses and other crowded locations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16565714", "title": "A manned base beyond the Moon?", "text": "WASHINGTON: In a move that would send astronauts farther from the Earth than at any time in history, Nasa wants to build a manned 'gateway spacecraft' and 'park' it on far side of the Moon to function as a staging area for future missions to Mars. At 445,788 kilometres from Earth, the outpost would be far more remote than the current space station , which orbits a little more than 321 kilometres above Earth.The distance raises complex questions of how to protect astronauts from the radiation of deep space \u2014 and of how to rescue them if something goes wrong, the Orlando Setinel reported.Nasa chief Charlie Bolden had briefed the White House earlier this month on details of the proposal, but it's unclear whether it has the administration's support. The price tag of the project is expected to run into billions of dollars. Documents obtained by the paper show that Nasa wants to build a small outpost \u2014 likely with parts left over from the $100 billion International Space Station \u2014 at what's known as the Earth-Moon Lagrange Point 2, a spot about 61,155 kilometres from the Moon.At that location, the combined gravities of the Earth and moon reach equilibrium , making it possible to \"stick\" an outpost there with minimal power required to keep it in place. To get there, Nasa would use the massive rocket and space capsule that it is developing as a successor to the retired space shuttle.A first flight of that rocket is planned for 2017, and construction of the outpost would begin two years later, according to Nasa planning documents. Potential missions include the study of nearby asteroids or dispatching robotic trips to the Moon that would gather lunar rocks and bring them back to astronauts at the outpost.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16566006", "title": "Ajit Pawar had suggested three names for Adarsh: Gidwani", "text": "MUMBAI: Senior NCP leader Ajit Pawar, who quit as the state's deputy chief minister on Tuesday, had suggested three names for membership to the Adarsh housing society, former MLC Kanhaiyalal Gidwani told the judicial commission on Wednesday.Others who recommended names included minister Patangrao Kadam, Union home minister and former CM Sushilkumar Shinde , former principal secretary A P Sinha, Congress MLC Subhash Chavan and former principal secretary R C Joshi.Gidwani also said former CM Ashok Chavan's relative, Seema Sharma, had approached him personally for a flat in Adarsh. During his cross-examination by the state's lawyers, Gidwani admitted that there was no written record of the recommendations.\"The name of Shivaji Kale was suggested to me by Ajit Pawar, who was holding the portfolio of irrigation at the relevant time,\" said Gidwani, adding that Pawar had also \"suggested\" the names of ex-MLA K D Begade and former PWD officer C R Gaikwad. All three were allotted flats.Kale, a government contractor , had claimed during his questioning by the commission that he knew Union minister Sharad Pawar and Ajit Pawar. \"My agricultural land and those of the family of Pawar are adjacent to each other. Therefore, I know the Pawar family as well as they know me. Both Ajit and Sharad Pawar know me,\" Kale had said. He had also admitted that in his application form to Adarsh, he listed the Pune-based Vidya Pratishthan as his address.Pawar Sr was the Pratishthan's chairman, he had said, adding that he was working in a hostel run by the trust. Kale had confessed that though his annual income was about Rs 4 lakh in 2004, he wrongly mentioned it as Rs 1.44 lakh.Gidwani further revealed before the commission that top bureaucrats like Jairaj Phatak and Uttam Khobragade had recommended the names of their children for Adarsh membership. \"Khobragade was the commissioner of FDA when he suggested the name of his daughter Devyani for membership to Adarsh,\" said Gidwani. \"The name of Ranjit Sangitrao was suggested to me by his father when he was the state excise commissioner. Phatak suggested to me the name of his son Kanishk and IAS officer Seema Vyas (wife of then collector Pradeep Vyas).\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16562793", "title": "State transport travel goes up by 5.88%", "text": "NAGPUR: The increased fares of Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) will be come into affect from Wednesday midnight. The corporation has decided to hike fares by 5.88% following the diesel price hike.MSRTC officials said this is the third fare hike in 13 months and second in over a month. The last hike of 6.25% was done on August 5.There is no hike up to 9km but after that the per km hike would be Rs 5.40, a 30 paise increase from the existing rate.Those travelling for shorter distances will not be affected but long distance travel will be dearer now. The hike ranges from Rs 2 to Rs 50.Place Old NewPune 843 893Nashik 802 850A'bad 434 459Shirdi 748 792Solapur 541 572Amravati 133 140Chandrapur 133 140Akola 214 227Yavatmal 128 135Gondia 143 151Gadchiroli 148 157Raipur 235 228Jabalpur 244 249Pusad 214 227Pandharpur 846 893Umred 41 43Wardha 66 70Saoner 36 38Ramtek 41 43Bhandara 56 59(amount in rupees)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16565851", "title": "South Korea meet asks India to take 'concerted action' to conserve rhinos", "text": "GUWAHATI: International Union for Conservation of Nature's (IUCN) World Conservation Congress in Jeju, South Korea, has asked for \"concerted action\" by the Centre and rhino-bearing states for establishing viable population of the pachyderm in previously occupied habitats. The event began on September 6 and ended on September 15.Bibhab Talukdar, chairman of IUCN Asian Rhino Specialist Group and secretary general of NGO Aaranyak, said a motion passed in the congress called for strengthening conservation of African and Asian rhinos. It said the Centre and the state governments of Assam, West Bengal , Bihar and Uttar Pradesh were required to take \"concerted action\" to ensure a viable rhino population in previously occupied habitats and protection of the existing population.\"The motion passed at the IUCN assembly was aimed to further strengthen conservation and protection of rhinos and its habitats across rhino-bearing countries (which also called as range states). The motion encourages the range countries to further strengthen conservation and protection initiatives and also spread rhino population to earlier habitats from where rhinos became extinct due to many factors,\" said Talukdar.Talukdar, who is also Asian rhino coordinator of the International Rhino Foundation, said in Assam Indian Rhino Vision 2020 is leading the way to translocate rhinos from Pabitora and Kaziranga to Manas and then in the next phase to Laokhowa. The motion also encourages the donor agencies to contribute further to ensure the well-being of rhinos, he added.The Rhino Vision 2020, a joint project of Assam forest department, WWF and International Rhino Foundation, envisages increase in the state's rhino population to 3000 by 2020. Repopulating rhinos in areas from which the animals had gone extinct is one of the major objectives of the project. Manas National Park, where the one-horned pachyderms were wiped out during the political turbulence in the Nineties, has now 22 rhinos introduced under the Rhino Vision 2020 project.While the Kaziranga National Park has 2290 rhinos, the Rajiv Gandhi Orang National Park has 100 rhinos. Pobitora Wildlife Sanctuary has 93 rhinos.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16563409", "title": "Here, hotels too sunbathe", "text": "PANAJI: While in Spain, the official World Tourism Day host, and the rest of the world, tourism day functions will focus on 'Tourism and Sustainable Energy: Powering Sustainable Development', in Goa, the tourism industry is already adapting to alternative energy sources, like solar energy.For the industry, this brings benefits in two ways: hoteliers save on energy and there are economic advantages.\"The tourism industry is already using sustainable energy sources. Most hotels have solar-powered water heaters and use CFL light bulbs. Besides, kitchen equipment that use a lot of energy are being replaced by energy-saving appliances. These cost more, but in the long run the industry saves on energy and running costs,\" Travel and Tourism Association of Goa spokesman Ralph de Souza said.He proffered the examples of five-star and four-star hotels that are required to compulsorily have sewage treatment plants and who utilize the treated water for gardening purposes.This may not solely be the industry's initiative, for under Union tourism ministry guidelines, hotels are required to adopt environment-friendly practices, conserve energy, harvest water, segregate garbage and dispose or recycle it as per state pollution board norms.Taking pride in the fact that the state government has been actively promoting the use of renewable energy, tourism minister Dilip Parulekar said solar water heating systems have become very popular among hotels and that the government will continue supporting initiatives that promote use of non-conventional energy.Environment activists though want more efforts from the industry to make tourism sustainable and truly green. There are two ways sustainable tourism would work. In one it would sustain society as a whole, in the other it is the use of sources that can be replenished.Tourism, explain scientists, will remain sustainable as long as there is enough to maintain the population of the place as well as the tourist. When the tourists increase and this becomes a burden on society, then the carrying capacity can be said to have exceeded. Though tourism is a major industry, Goa has never ventured to study the state's carrying capacity.\"There has to be a scientific study conducted on the state's carrying capacity and how much the entire population benefits from tourism. For the state to benefit, tourists must be made to pay for the use of facilities,\" scientist Joe D'Souza, who has been advocating a holistic tourism policy for the state, told TOI.This finds an echo in what Centre For Responsible Tourism coordinator Oswin Gonsalves says. \"Each and everyone should benefit from tourism. Today, tourism should be concerned about promoting the real Goa. What is being promoted is a commercial Goa. The culture and traditions are not focused upon,\" Gonsalves said.Despite the lack of a policy, the industry has grown and is gearing up to welcome a new tourist season four days from now. Whether the season will be green for the industry and Goa, or red for both, steps taken in the coming weeks will decide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16562797", "title": "Police may seek custody of some terror suspects", "text": "BANGALORE: Eleven of the 14 terror suspects held in connection with two terror modules busted in the city last month will be produced will be produced before a city court on Thursday.\"But further police custody will be sought for only seven or eight main suspects. We will file an application before the court to this effect,\" police commissioner BG Jyothi Prakash Mirji told TOI.Police sources stated there is not much progress in the investigation as the suspects are \"tough nuts to crack\".\"We have tried out best, but they are not forthcoming about the main perpetrators in their module,\" they added.Those who will be produced in court are Shoaib Ahmed Mirza, Muthi-ur-Rahman, Abdul Hakeem Jamadar, Riaz Ahmed Byahatti, Mohd Yusuf Nalband, Aijaz Ahmed Mirza, Obedulla Bahadur alias Imran, Wahid Hussein alias Sohail, Dr Jaffer Iqbal, Mohammed Sadiq alias Raju and Babu alias Mehaboob.The sources also said that the special team investigating the terror case has not arrested anyone other than the 14 presently in custody.\"We did not arrest any person from RT Nagar, but took possession of the hard disk of a computer in his cyber cafe. We don't know about any missing complaint filed by anybody,\" an officer said.JC Nagar police stated that Umar, who runs the cyber cafe, was taken in a police jeep on Sunday. \"There is no missing complaint with us. Umar's parents, who filed the complaint, said they did not notice the registration number of the police jeep,\" the said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16562227", "title": "Civic chief drives Starbuses out of Kasturchand Park", "text": "NAGPUR: Taking serious cognisance of reports regarding Starbuses parked at Kasturchand Park (KP), municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane and collector Saurabh Rao issued directives against parking the buses at the ground. Wardhane has assured that Starbuses will not be parked at KP in future.On September 22, TOI had highlighted that the operator had again started parking the Starbuses at KP, which was causing damage to the grade-I heritage open space. Operator Vansh Nimay Infraprojects Private Limited (VNIL) has parked the starbuses at the ground on many occasions since January. The parking is discontinued whenever it is noticed but resumed after some time. This time, the operator cited bandh on September 20 for parking the Starbuses.Wardhane told TOI that directives were issued to remove the Starbuses from KP and stop parking with immediate effect. \"The Starbuses were parked as an alternative arrangement only for two days to prevent them from damage during the bandh. Since KP is a heritage ground, parking will not be allowed in the future,\" he said.Dinesh Naidu from Parivartan Citizen Forum has been fighting since long for conservation of KP. He told TOI that a complaint was sent to Wardhane on his e-mail ID along with TOI's news report. \"Wardhane replied immediately and informed about steps taken in the interest of KP. We were surprised to see Wardhane's reply to our mail as it was unprecedented. While informing that the buses have been removed, Wardhane also assured help for development of KP. Last month, we had submitted a memorandum to Rao with few demands related to KP. It will be of great help if the civic chief and collector take cognisance of the sorry state of the heritage ground,\" he said.It will be interesting to see whether the parking of Starbuses has been stopped permanently at the ground.Meanwhile, Wardhane ensured removal of encroachments near Bhandewadi dumpyard on Wednesday. Wardhane, who had gone to visit the dumpyard, came to know about the encroachments at the main entrance and nearby area. He monitored the removal of all encroachments which remained unnoticed for the last few years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "16565527", "title": "Councillors protest over waste treatment issue", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: Opposition councillors of Alappuzha municipality on Wednesday took out a march to Alappuzha municipal office to register their protest against the alleged lackadaisical attitude of the municipal authorities in solving the waste treatment issues of the town.Municipal opposition leader Thomas Joseph said the Sarvodayapuram waste treatment plant of the municipality had not been functioning for the past three months.\"Two months ago, the municipal chairperson, opposition leader and union minister of state for power K C Venugopal met chief minister Oommen Chandy in Thiruvananthapuram seeking his help for solving the waste management problems of the town. He had assured us that the state government would take over the operation of the Sarvodayapuram plant of the municipality and will allot Rs 4 crore to the municipality. The chairperson told the chief minister that she would inform the decision of the municipality after the council meeting. However, she did not discuss the help promised by the chief minister at the council meeting. The waste treatment plant is defunct now. So we conducted the march to the municipal office demanding the resignation of the chairperson,'' he saidDistrict Congress Committee (DCC) president A A Shukur, inaugurated the march at DCC office.As many as 22 opposition councillors and members of Congress (south and north block) also participated in the march.Meanwhile, municipal chairperson Mercy Diana Masido said the chief minister did not give any promises as said by the opposition leader. \"He told us that the state government would set up a modern treatment plant in Ernakulam and the waste from Alappuzha municipality can also be treated there in future. The treatment plant of the municipality is defunct due to technical problems. We will solve this issue as soon as possible,'' she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16564372", "title": "Private players 'refuse' to take up demolition work", "text": "PUNE: With contractors 'refusing' to take up the job of demolishing illegal constructions on behalf of the Pune Municipal Corporation, the civic body has decided to go in for 'mechanised actions', which will see use of more machinery, including JCB machines. A decision to intensify the demolition drive was taken during a meeting on Wednesday. The drive is expected to begin from Monday.\"As the PMC has limited manpower to deal with illegal constructions, tenders were floated twice in the past, but there has been no response from contractors to the bids,\" said additional city engineer (building permission) Vivek Kharwadkar.Kharwardkar said the PMC has decided to allot contracts to different parties in the four zonal areas of the city. \"The aim was to facilitate demolition drive with the help of private manpower and machinery. Now, the corporation will be calling tenders for the third time,\" he added.As per municipal records, Pune has nearly 2,300 illegal buildings.\"The PMC has demolished 844 illegal buildings till now. At this rate, it will take at least six months to demolish all the buildings. With the help of contractors, the drive can be speeded up. As of now, the PMC will use more number of JCB machines to carry out the drive,\" he added. The demolition drive has been suspended in view of the ongoing Ganesh festival. It will be restarted after the festival is over, Kharwadkar said.In a statement, the PMC has said that it would continue its drive against the illegal constructions.\"From July 7 to September 19, the PMC demolished 6,38,000 sq ft of illegal constructions in the city,\" the release said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16570640", "title": "Puthiya Theerangal", "text": "CreditsFilm: Puthiya TheerangalDirection: Sathyan AnthikkadCast: Nivin Pauly, Namitha Pramod, Nedumudi VenuBanner: Anna Mega MediaReleasing Date: 27 September 2012SynopsisThe film, with sea as its backdrop, focuses on the life of a young girl named Thamara (Namitha), who lives on her own at the shore, after the death of her parents. Later, she finds an old man and she feels she has got back her father. The story dwells on the bond between the two and how that changes in the presence of the few new people who land up and start to live on the banks of the sea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16564087", "title": "BHU to hold workshop on e-governance", "text": "VARANASI: To generate awareness about e-Governance and National e-Governance Plan (NeGP), a flagship initiative of government of India, Computer Centre, Banaras Hindu University (BHU) is organising a one-day workshop on National e-Governance Plan (NeGP) at Swatantrata Bhawan, BHU on September 28.A number of panel speakers and resource persons including more than 400 delegates are expected to participate in the workshop. According to PK Chakravarty, convenor of the workshop, the event is likely to inform students about opportunities in e-Governance and encourage academicians to do more research in the area, which is relevant to Indian context and provide project implementation and sustainability.Chief operating officer, National e-Governance Division, VL Kantha Rao, deputy director general and state informatics officer, Ministry of Communication and Information Technology, government of India SB Singh, and several other distinguished speakers will be present on the occasion.Many panel speakers and resource persons including more than 400 delegates are expected to participate in the workshop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16564711", "title": "Jamaat-e-Islami praises ex-RSS chief K Sudarshan, mourns his death", "text": "NEW DELHI: Jamaat-e-Islami Hind (JIH) has praised former RSS chief K Sudarshan in an article prominently displayed in the September 22 issue of its bi-weekly mouthpiece Dawat and mourned his death. Sudarshan died in Raipur on September 15.In the section Khabar-O-Nazar (News and Views), Dawat chief editor Parwaaz Rahmani recounted how Sudarshan wanted to visit Bhopal's Tajul Masjid on August 20 \"to say the Eid prayer or to offer Eid greetings\", but his staff and police prevented him on the pretext of traffic jam.After the Eid namaz, former Madhya Pradesh chief minister Babulal Gaur took him to the house of a Muslim acquaintance where Sudarshan offered Eid greetings, enjoyed sewaiyan and was pleased, Rahmani wrote.English and Hindi newspapers though dismissed it as a manifestation of memory loss.In the article, \"Why did they feel sad at his death?\" Rahmani wrote, \"It is not known how sad the Sangh Parivar felt at the demise of K S Sudarshan.\" But, the \"Muslims, who on August 20 would have heard or read the news from Bhopal\" must have been sad.RSS spokesperson Ram Madhav said, \"Sudarshanji had good relations with various communities, including Christians and Muslims. Muslim clerics and Christian leaders had attended his funeral in Nagpur.\"After retiring from the RSS, Sudarshan would have the \"mental freedom to study Islamic beliefs. He \"might have been reviewing his views on Islam and Islamic life that he had developed as a result of his long association with the Sangh\", Rahmani wrote.JIH and RSS leaders came close to each other in jail in 1975 when both outfits were banned during the Emergency. JIH members had given Islamic literature to many RSS leaders and they exchanged views in jail.Ram Madhav said, \"RSS holds all citizens equal and believes they should live and work together. We don't indulge in Muslim bashing. The RSS doesn't discriminate between citizens as majority and minority, but we will raise our voice in case of disruption of social and communal harmony or national interest is hurt\". On its website, RSS published photographs of various religious leaders, including Muslim, paying tribute to Sudarshan at its Nagpur headquarters.Earlier, in Dawat's September 1 issue, Rahmani had called Sudarshan one of the \"oldest and most important leaders\" of the RSS and a well-educated person. As RSS chief, Sudarshan held dialogues with Muslim leaders and scholars. He also visited the Jamiat-ul-Ulama headquarters at Masjid Nabi. \"These studies, discussions and dialogues are deeply imprinted\" on his subconscious, Rahmani wrote.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16562159", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation yet to repair Pili river bridge", "text": "NAGPUR: The going has been tough for Government Press employee Arun Shendre over the last few weeks. Leaving for work each morning, he walks around 4km from his house at Bhakti Sagar Nagar to a temple at Nari, where he parks his two-wheeler. He explains, \"The narrow bridge connecting Nari Ring Road to my locality was washed away in the heavy August rains. Since then, I cannot drive my vehicle all the way to my house.\"The problem caused by the August rains has affected over 2,000 families living on the other side of Pili River in north Nagpur, as the bridge connecting their locality to Nari Ring Road has been almost completely damaged. \"Despite road connectivity, I cannot use my vehicle due to the damaged bridge,\" said a very upset Shendre.As a stop gap arrangement, two cement poles have been placed across the damaged portion of the bridge by the residents. But it is wide enough for pedestrians only, not vehicles.This is the second time the 10-year-old bridge, the only link between Nari and other areas like Bhakti Sagar Nagar, Sonwane Layout, Tarkeshwar Nagar, Thakur Layout, and Samata Nagar, has been damaged. The bridge had been damaged in 2011 too, but efforts of former deputy mayor Shekhar Sawarbandhe had led to the NMC promptly carrying out repairs.Thousands of people residing on either sides of Pili river use this narrow bridge. \"Students from several localities on the other side study in schools in Nagpur, and could not reach schools due to the overflowing stream during the rains,\" said Meena Soni of Swami Nagar.Sources said the damage was first noticed by Raju Shirke, who lives in Nari. He informed corporators Savita Sangole and Gautam Patil. Though Patil did not turn up, Sangole at least informed NMC's Ashi Nagar zone office.\"Despite the complaints Ashi Nagar zone officials did not repair the bridge, then Sangole helped local residents place some cement pipes and stones across the damaged portion, to enable at least pedestrians to use it,\" said Raju, a local Shiv Sena leader. He blamed North Nagpur MLA Nitin Raut for not doing anything for the overall development of his constituency.The residents claimed there is a proposal to construct an 80ft wide bridge on the river as part of the DP road. The proposal had been sanctioned in early 2000, but is pending since then.The residents' woes have increased due to the unsystematic manner in which NMC's PWD officials carried out repairs on the bridge.Residents feel that the ruling BJP has lost control over the civic machinery. Pointing out a small bridge connecting Tarkeshwar Nagar and Kadu Layout to Nari Ring road, residents said this too had got washed away in August. At that time, mayor Anil Sole and ruling party leader Pravin Datke visited the spot and directed officials to repair it immediately.\"The mayor had expressed concern when he saw that the small bridge had no street lights even though it was being used by pedestrians and two-wheeler motorists. Later, he directed officials to repair the bridge and also install street lights. But nothing has been done till date,\" said another resident.Mayor Anil Sole confirmed the delay in the repair work. \"I have already spoken to the standing committee chief Dayashankar Tiwari, who too visited the site,\" he said. He, however, pointed out that a special provision will have to be made to repair the bridge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16570772", "title": "Salman Ahmed and Adeel set for Bollywood debut", "text": "The much awaited Bollywood film Rhythm'' directed by Vivek Kumar which was to release this year has again got delayed.Pakistani pop singer Adeel Chaudhry who is playing the main lead role in the movie spoke to us from Lahore and informed us, \" The movie shoot has been going on for last four year, sadly because of lack of budgets the production house had to keep shifting the release dates. We have almost completed 70 percent of the shoot and now only 30 percent shoot is left to be done by next month. Hopefully, the director plans to release the movie by next year on the Valentines Day.\"Further talking about his experience of working in a Bollywood movie for the first time, Adeel tells us, \"It was always my dream to act in Bollywood movies. I started my career as a singer and gave a break to my singing career for almost two years just to concentrate on my acting. It was a wonderful experience to work with an Indian filmmaker. The movie has been shot in some exotic locations of Poland. I remember we did a song shoot at one of the famous salt mines in Poland which was unbelievable.Interestingly, the star cast of the movie includes lot of newcomers. Infact the actress of the movie Rinil Routhis will also be making her debut in this movie.\"The movie also includes another Pakistani singer, founder of Junoon Salman Ahmed who will be playing a cameo role. Says Adeel, \"It will be very interesting for the Indian audience to watch two Pakistani singers making debut together in a Bollywood movie for the first time. We both have not only acted but also sung tracks in the movie. Salman bhai has been a well known face of Pakistan and its an honour to share the screen with him.\"What is more interesting, the movie will introduce renowned international choreographer Glenn Douglas Packard, who has worked with biggest pop stars like Ricky Martin , Michael Jackson and many more. Adeel informs, \"Glenn will be doing the choreography for the movie. He is a talented and professional artist and very good choreographer.This will be Glenn's debut also in a Bollywood movie \"During the shoot of the film I got chance to interact with Glenn and he informed me about his recent break off with his boyfriend pop singer Ricky Martin,\"he laughs.Does he plan to visit India, Adeel says, \"I will be soon visiting India. I have been getting lot of offers from the Bollywood industry , but I want to concentrate on one thing at a time. Right now, I want to wind up with this movie shoot and then shall plan to release my new music album soon. I'm in no hurry to become famous.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16564838", "title": "Batul hands agri wish list to Pawar", "text": "RANCHI: State agriculture minister Satyanand Jha Batul on Wednesday handed over a five-point charter of demands to Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar after stating his concerns verbally during a meet of the agriculture ministers of six states in Kolkata on Wednesday.Batul was invited to attend the meeting chaired by Pawar and attended by secretaries of the respective departments from Assam, Odisha, Jharkhand, Bihar , Uttar Pradesh and West Bengal.The ministers and bureaucrats at the meeting discussed ways to reinvent green revolution and satiate the ever growing demand for food.Batul said that Jharkhand is geographically different from most of its neighbouring states and needs varying agricultural facilities. He added that there is provision for making big cold storages for which the farmers are offered 25% subsidy. \"This must be increased to 85% and the individuals should be encouraged to make small-sized cold stores,\" he said.Batul also raised the demand for deepening of government and private ponds across the state, simplification of bank terms for disbursing agriculture loans, supply of adequate amount of fertilizers and proper mechanism to check rainwater. He added that complicated provisions of the banks discourage farmers from seeking financial support as they fear being caught in the whirlwind of interest and loan repayment. He further pointed that the central government has never fixed a limit for giving fertilizers to Jharkhand as a result of which every year the supply is far below the demand. \"It depends upon the seasonal requirement and unless supplied on time, production is adversely affected,\" he said.Batul also appealed to the union minister to introduce new and better schemes for holding rain water in the state. \"Despite receiving good rainfall most of the water runs off and the scheme of constructing dams is not successful here given the volume of water that comes during rainy season,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16571441", "title": "Biomarkers can help in early detection of cancer : Brenner", "text": "BHOPAL: A discussion on the issue of advanced research in the field of detection of cancer in the early stages, was held at All India Institue of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) Bhopal, here on Thursday. It was the first academic conference held at the premier institute.Dr Dean Brenner from University of Michigan delivered a lecture and insights on early detection of cancer and possibility of cure, according to a press release.Brenner said that tremendous inclination towards prevention and early detection of cancers has resulted in multi-specialty approach for development of a program in applied cancer prevention research at the University of Michigan Cancer Center.\"Clinical pharmacologist are more than ever interested in pharmacodynamics of interventions using biomarker endpoints,\" he said.Brenner's special focus is on early phase chemo prevention research in humans and validation of biomarkers for early detection and risk assessment, primarily in the GI tract.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16562836", "title": "Half Marathon will start early to beat heat", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Airtel Delhi Half Marathon has made minor changes in the main route for the event to avoid traffic problems. The races are also going to start a little early on Sunday so that runners can avoid the heat.The Half Marathons for the 'elite men and women' will be flagged off at 6.30am and 6.35am, followed by the Open Half Marathon at 6.40am from gate No. 1 of Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium on Bhishma Pitamah Marg before proceeding along Lodhi Road, Mathura Road, Dr Zakir Hussain Marg, India Gate, Rajpath, Rafi Ahmed Kidwai Marg, Parliament Street, Sansad Marg, Connaught Place, Janpath and finishing outside the main stadium complex.The wheelchair run and senior citizens' 4km run start at 7.30am and 7.35am, respectively, from inside the stadium, and will head to Lodhi Road, take a U-turn before Second Avenue Road, come on to Bhishma Pitamah Marg and finishes at gate No. 2 of the stadium.The 6km Great Delhi run, which will be kicked off at 8.45am from the stadium, will take the first U-turn from Second Avenue Road after proceeding along Lodhi Road. The runners will go for another U-turn before the Jungpura flyover, then on to Dyal Singh College and Bhishma Pitamah Marg, before entering the stadium.There will be two base medical stations and six medical stations along the route. Seven fully equipped ambulances will also be on duty. There will be 75 doctors, 50 physiotherapists and over a hundred nurses.Organizers have also arranged for 14 water stations along the route to keep runners sufficiently hydrated. Of the 100 portable toilets, 28 will be placed along the route.Apart from the world's top distance-running athletes, around 31,746 others are likely to run on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16564527", "title": "One more patient dies of swine flu in city", "text": "JAIPUR: One more person undergoing treatment for swine flu in a private hospital here died late on Tuesday. This was the second death in the past two days in the city.The 35-year-old victim was a resident of Sikar. He was undergoing treatment in Sikar and as his condition worsened, he was shifted to a private hospital in Jaipur.Chief medical &amp; health officer, Sikar, B L Saini said: \"Since the patient who died had tested positive for swine flu, we will conduct a door-to-door survey in his native place and will administer tami flu tablets to those who were in close contact with him.\"In the past four days, three swine flu deaths were reported in different districts. Three days ago, a woman died of swine flu in Bundi district while another died in Jaipur a couple of days ago. Earlier, a death was reported in Kota as well.A senior health official said that in Jaipur, only eight swine flu cases were reported in September. Out of the eight, one person died. If the total deaths due to swine flu in Jaipur including those who had come from other districts is taken into consideration, there were three deaths in the city in September, out of which two took place in the past two days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "anantapur", "code": "16562673", "title": "'Psycho' axes 2 to death, injures 2", "text": "ANANTAPUR: A 40-year-old farmer axed two persons to death and injured two others at Kuravalli village in Bommanhal mandal of Anantapur district on Wednesday. The incident created panic in the village.Police said Mandlapalli Venkateswarlu picked up a quarrel with a farmer Jaffer, 50, at around 11 30 am when the latter was working in his field. In a fit of rage, the accused pounced on Jaffer with an axe and killed him. Maheswar Reddy, 30, working in a nearby farm rushed to Jaffer's help but Venkateswarlu attacked him too, with the axecausing grievous injuries. He later died in a hospital in Bellary.Two farm labourers -- Basha, 26 and Ramalakshmamma, 36, who also rushed to help Jaffer were also not spared as the accused charged at them with his axe. Basha suffered minor injuries, while the condition of the woman undergoing treatment in the Bellary hospital was critical.Sources said the accused had always known to be erratic. But the reason for his attack on Jaffer could be a long-standing water sharing dispute he had with the farmer. Both own farmlands adjacent to each other. \"We are investigating the case from all angles. The accused has been taken into custody,\" police told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16566420", "title": "Gangetic dolphin census from October 5", "text": "KANPUR: In a first-of-its-kind endeavour, the UP Forest department along with the World Wide Fund for Nature-India (WWF-India) and local organisations will conduct a census of the Gangetic dolphin at one go by using Global Positioning System (GPS) and other advanced scientific methods in the Ganga and its tributaries in the region.The last census of the aquatic animal was done in the year 2005 and the fresh awareness drive and census of the endangered specie would be carried out from October 5 to October 7. In the last census, of the 1,800 Gangetic dolphins in the country, approximately 75 were found in Chambal.\"It is for the first time that the state forest department has roped in local organisations. Also, in this census, to maintain its accuracy, we will have to first undergo a scientific training programme on the Gangetic river dolphin imparted by the WWF people. Similarly, we will have to follow certain guidelines issued by the state forest department. Like, we will have to work on the present status of the national aquatic animal of India with details like its sighting records, age, sex and habitat pattern. We will also try to measure the depth and width of its habitat during the campaign,\" informed Rajiv Chauhan, secretary, Society for Conservation of Nature. The WWF has entrusted the society with the census work in the Chambal region.Other important aspects like health status and condition of aquatic animal will also be recorded in the census. \"We have been asked to scour the water from Pinahat in Agra till Panchnada, a confluence of five rivers -- Sindh, Pahuj, Kuari, Yamuna and Chambal -- in Etawah district. The Panchnada comes under the precincts of National Chambal Sanctuary Division, he added.\"Gangetic dolphins are the lifeline of Gangetic basin. If their number increases, it is a sign of pollution-free river. If it decreases, it is a sign of increasing pollution in the river,\" said Sujoy Banerjee, deputy conservator of forest, National Chambal Sanctuary, Agra division.The Gangetic river dolphin were a commonly sighted diving creatures in the Ganga and its tributaries till a few years back. But now such sightings have become rare, he added.The wildlife enthusiasts were of the view that the number of dolphins continued to dwindle due to poaching, construction of dams and pollution of rivers. They also urged the agencies to involve fishermen and local communities to help the forest department and NGO's to conserve the Gangetic dolphins. The Gangetic river species, found in India, Bangladesh and Nepal, is blind and finds its way and prey in the river waters through 'echo'. Research studies under the Ganga Action Plan in the 1980s estimated that around 6,000 dolphins were present in its distribution range across the Ganga-Brahmaputra-Meghna and Karnaphuli river systems. Sadly, now there are only 1,800 Gangetic river dolphins left. The dolphins, known as Platenista gangetica aka 'Susu', are rare. Earlier, they were found in the Ganga basin and all linked rivers. But now, their habitat is limited to a few rivers. Brahmaputra, Ganga and Chambal rivers are its natural habitat.The Gangetic dolphins have been declared as the National Aquatic Animal of India. This decision was taken in the first meeting of the National Ganga River Basin Authority (NGRBA) chaired by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on October 5, 2009.Gangetic river dolphins fall under Schedule I of the Indian Wildlife (Protection) Act and have been declared an endangered species by the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN). A huge sum of Rs 900 crore has been spent for cleaning the river Ganga under the Ganga Action Plan in order to revive the dwindling population of Gangetic dolphin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16563809", "title": "Eight Vasco residents rescued from drowning off Baina beach", "text": "MARGAO: Eight people from Varunapuri, Vasco, were rescued from drowning by lifeguards late Tuesday night after they ventured into the sea at Baina beach for immersion of the Ganpati idol and were caught in a strong current of water flowing seawards.A lifeguard working for the the Drishti special response services said that at around 11.15pm a group of 50 people from the MES Ganesh Pooja Samiti, Varunapuri (naval residential area), Vasco, came for the Ganapati 'visarjan' (immersion).\"All of them were advised by us to move to a safe area for the visarjan, but a few of them ignored our warnings and around 10 to 15 people decided to go to a non-safe area,\" he said on Wednesday morning.The spokesperson added that while a few of these persons were sent back by their personnel, the remaining 8 people, who ignored the warnings, were followed by four lifeguards, Raju Vishwakarma, Shankar Rathod, Motilal Prajapati and Laxmikant Kumtekar.A report from the lifeguards stated that the idol was around 7 feet tall and when the 8 people ventured deeper into the water to complete the immersion, they were suddenly caught in the rip current and began shouting for help.All the eight people were then brought ashore with the help of rescue tubes.\"The names of the survivors are Ravi Maitri, 25, Ashok Redy, 22, Om Pratap, 23, Srikant Maitri, 24, Sree Niwas Pidhu, 24, Shekhar Pudaji, 23, Mahesh Warale, 35 and Ravi Palsokar, 30,\" said the spokesperson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16564441", "title": "Jaipur lad develops new surveillance system to counter terrorists", "text": "JAIPUR: Disturbed by the gruesome terror attacks in the country, including the one at Taj Hotel in Mumbai 2008, and keen to thwart such acts, a third-year engineering student has developed \"Surveillance System\" for a building, a device when activated by a laser beam from a distance as far as half-a-kilometre can take control over CCTV cameras and spew chemicals on the terrorists to make them unconscious.This invention of Yatendra Bhargava, an engineering student of city based Maharishi Arvind Institute of Engineering, has won as many as 47 awards, including the 6{+t}{+h} position at an international festival at IIT-Guwahati.Explaining the mechanism, Bhargava said the system works with sensors attached on windowpanes of a building where surveillance is to be made. These sensors are then connected to a heating element and CCTV cameras. When the sensors are activated from a distance with a laser beam, the heating element and the cameras start automatically.\"The sensors have IR-biode element, which detects laser beams, and timer IC-555 which produces oscillation and acts as an electronic switch to start the heating element and camera. The system runs on 12 volt battery which can operate 7-8 cameras,\" said Bhargava, who also teaches part-time to support his family.The engineering genius further said once the sensors are activated the chemical placed on heating element is evaporates and with the help of ducting pipes it can be released leaving terrorists and their victims unconscious.Bhargava said the concept to combat terrorism in this innovative way hits his mind after watching the Taj Hotel terror attack live on media channels.Having received several rewards for his device, Bhargava feels that this project has still scope for improvement and improvisation. \"Our country his highly susceptible to terror attacks and projects like these will for sure minimize the damage and loss human lives,\" said Bhargava, a student of computer science and working on projects based on electrical science.So far, he has invented six devices which were showcased at several platforms. Bhargava is also aspiring to pursue his Master's from MIT. One of his projects which received wide appreciation is 'Mobitech' in which any electronic device is made operational through a mobile phone.'Mobitech' uses the electro-magnetic wave theory with a combination of wireless technology (i.e. cell phone) on a platform of timer IC-555. The electro-magnetic waves radiated from cell phone activates an electrolytic LED which in turn lights up and activate the oscillator circuit with the help of light dependent resistors that acts as transmitter switch.The device will become handy for farmers who had to put in immense labour work to irrigate their fields at odd hours. Instead of going out to put on irrigation switches placed two to three kilometres apart from their house, they can make use of 'Mobitech' to operate the switches by just sending an SMS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16565944", "title": "Cop caught taking Rs 2L bribe in police station", "text": "BANGALORE: Lokayukta police arrested an inspector at Rajarajeshwarinagar police station on Wednesday while accepting Rs 2-lakh bribe from a complainant.Inspector H Hanumanthappa (in pic) demanded the money to settle the case in favour of complainant S Nataraj, resident of Rajarajeshwarinagar. Nataraj complained that his one-time friend, Rangaswamy, had trespassed into his house, forced him to sign cheques for Rs 3 crore, and forcibly took away the financial instruments and some property-related papers. \"It was purely a business transaction between Nataraj and Rangaswamy. Nataraj had allegedly taken loans from Rangaswamy,\" a Lokayukta source said.Rangaswamy filed a case under the Negotiable Instruments Act, alleging that cheques issued by Nataraj had been dishonoured. Nataraj, meanwhile, lodged a complaint with Rajarajeshwarinagar police station against Rangaswamy, invoking Sections 448 (trespass), 504 (insult and intention for breach of peace), 506 (criminal intimidation) and 34 (common intention) of IPC in crime No 148/2012.Hanumanthappa promised Nataraj to arrest Rangaswamy and get back his signed cheques and property papers. He demanded 15% of Rs 3 crore, face value of the signed cheques.The inspector finally agreed to take Rs 2 lakh from Nataraj as advance to chargesheet the accused.Aggrieved by this, Nataraj approached Lokayukta police, who laid a trap. Sleuths caught him while he was putting the money into his trouser pocket at the police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16572586", "title": "P Balachandran is the next Oduvil Unnikrishnan: Anoop", "text": "That's what actor-scriptwriter Anoop Menon has to say about the actor who plays a prominent part in the Beautiful team's second outing in Mollywood.\"Here's one actor who might as well be a near close replacement to the late actor Oduvil Unnikrishnan, with such subtle yet powerful acting,\" says Anoop. \"I can vouch for the fact that our latest film together, directed by V K Prakash, has him at his career best so far. It was amazing associating with an actor of his calibre and getting to witness his acting prowess,\" he informs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16562570", "title": "Security breach at Secretariat", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a major security breach just before the 'Chalo Hyderabad' protest, seven activists of Telangana Jagruti gained entry into the Secretariat and staged a protest holding placards in front of the 'C' Block, which houses the chief minister's office, on Wednesday.At about 4pm, seven activists of Telangana Jagruti entered the Secretariat by taking visitor's passes. After entering the Secretariat, the activists pulled out placards, which they hidden in their clothes, and started a dharna in front of the high-security 'C' Block. The activists raised slogans against the chief minister for passing comments against the formation of separate Telangana state during his Vijayawada tour. They have also demanded the government to grant permission for 'Chalo Hyderabad' protest.Shocked Special Protection Force (SPF) personnel immediately rounded up the protesters and handed them over to the Saifabad police. Criminal cases were booked against all the protesters and they were arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16563612", "title": "Patna HC orders round-the-clock work on Jai Prakash Narayan All India Institute of Medical Sciences", "text": "PATNA: The Patna high court on Wednesday directed the contractor of Jai Prakash Narayan All India Institute of Medical Sciences (JPNAIIMS), M/s B L Kashyap, to start round-the-clock construction of the hospital building by deploying more workers and other resources to ensure its early completion.A division bench comprising Justice P C Verma and Justice A K Trivedi directed the contractor to give an undertaking before the court on October 3 about the exact date when the hospital building would be fully constructed.The judges expressed happiness over the inauguration of medical college of the JPNAIIMS. Earlier, the court had issued directives for starting its medical college and for making the institute fully functional by speeding up construction of its hospital.The court directed the director, health services, and superintendent of Guru Gobind Singh hospital (GGSH) to frame work schedule of the doctors appointed for manning the trauma centre, emergency wards, and outpatient departments (OPDs) at the GGSH, Patna City, which has been tagged with JPNAIIMS till the time the latter becomes fully functional.The court directed the SSP, Patna, to maintain smooth traffic flow of traffic along the road passing through GGSH and the PMC to continue regular cleaning of the hospital premises. It directed the GGSH superintendent to apply to the Bihar State Electricity Board for an additional transformer for the hospital.Standing counsel Shashi Bhushan Kumar submitted that the state government would soon release Rs 1.8 crore for construction of the boundary wall of GGSH. PMC commissioner Pankaj Kumar Pal was among others present in the court.BOXHigh court rejectsShahabu's petitionA single bench presided over by Justice Mandhata Singh on Wednesday rejected the petition of former MP from Siwan, Mohd Shahabuddin, who sought quashing of a criminal case against him for refusing to sign before the then Siwan DM and SP a seizure list of mobile phones and other equipments recovered from his cell in Siwan jail. On August 3, 2008, the then DM and SP of Siwan had personally raided his cell. A seizure list was prepared in their presence, but Shahabuddin had refused to sign the seizure list in violation of the Prisons Act, submitted state counsel Shyameshwar Dayal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16564355", "title": "PMC may snap power supply to illegal buildings", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) is contemplating joining forces with the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited (MSEDCL) to cut the electricity connections of illegal buildings in the city.A proposal along these lines had been submitted by citizens' group Nagrik Chetna Manch.\"We received the proposal and it is under consideration,\" Vivek Kharvadkar, PMC's additional city engineer, told TOI. He said the civic administration would speak to MSEDCL or even higher authorities in this regard. After considering the legal aspects, action will be taken, he said.\"After obtaining part completion certificate for a few apartments, the developer applies to the MSEDCL to charge all electric meters in the complex, even for those apartments without completion certificates. Thus, the developer is free to resort to all kinds of unauthorised acts,\" said Maj Gen S C N Jatar (retired), president of the Nagrik Chetna Manch.He added the main culprit for proliferation of unauthorised constructions and occupation of buildings without completion or occupation certificates is the MSEDCL.The builder's lobby can construct any number of unauthorised premises with the blessings of politicians and the deliberate neglect of the PMC administration, but there can be no occupation without electricity, he said.According to the PMC, there are around 2,300 illegal buildings in Pune.It also claims to have demolished 844 buildings in the last three months. The demolition drive is likely to start after Ganesh Chaturthi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16563985", "title": "Tourism sector awaiting SC verdict on wildlife sanctuaries reopen on October 1", "text": "JAIPUR: Officials, wildlife enthusiasts and conservationists are waiting with bated breath for Thursday's Supreme Court verdict on tourism in the core of areas of wildlife sanctuaries. With just three days to go for the Ranthambore and Sariska national parks to re-open (October 1), this would chart the way for the two thriving tiger reserves in the state.The Centre on Wednesday filed an affidavit in the Supreme Court requesting that the ban on tourism in core areas of tiger reserves be lifted. In the affidavit, the Centre has outlined the revised guidelines to protect the tiger population and requested the court to permit tourism activities in 20% of the core tiger habitat. The guidelines also seek phasing out of permanent tourist facilities located inside the core areas of the reserve in a specified time frame.\"We hope the guidelines submitted by National Tiger Conservation Authority, NTCA and the ministry of environment &amp; forests are beneficial for tiger conservation. A day after the Supreme Court invited suggestions and objections for framing guidelines for conservation of tigers, Rajasthan on August 31, came up with its own guidelines, the first state to do so. Tourism in Ranthambore is well within the 20% of the core area limit as the Centre has filed,\" said Balindu Singh Parmar, honorary wildlife warden.Looking at the entire effort that has gone into specifying guidelines for national parks, Balendu says, \"The SC's objective has been achieved as the states have all filed their guidelines.\"In July, the apex court had banned tourism in core areas of all tiger reserves based on the policy of the Centre. The ban was imposed after states failed to comply with the Centre's notification that tourism in these core areas be phased out.Facing pressure from the states, the Centre had moved the Supreme Court seeking permission to revise the guidelines and the court gave permission. The Supreme Court will take up the issue on September 27.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16570065", "title": "Big wigs to perform at Brit Asia Music Awards", "text": "Brit Asia TV has announced details of this year's music awards including the artists that will be appearing on the night.Taking place on Saturday 6th October, the Brit Asia TV Music Awards will host a spectacular forty performances from some of the biggest names in the music industry including Manmohan Waris, Amrinder Gill, Jazzy B, Jaz Dhami, RDB, Kanika Kapoor, AS Kang, Sukshinder Shinda, Malkit Singh, Lembher Hussainpuri and Dr Zeus.The night will also see special tributes to Kuldeep Manak &amp; Kuly (RDB) by a host of artists.Reported By: Manpreet Singh Badhni Kalan UK", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16565622", "title": "Academic council extends autonomy of five colleges", "text": "MANGALORE: The academic council of Mangalore University at its second general meeting for the academic year 2012-13 approved the recommendation for extension of autonomous status to five colleges for six more years with effect from academic year 2011-12 to 2016-17 here on Wednesday. The Syndicate, highest decision making body of the university, will have to ratify the decision of the academic council when it meets on October 20. The colleges for which academic council approved autonomous status are St Agnes College, Mangalore, School of Social Work, Roshni Nilaya, SDM College, Ujire, St Aloysius College, Mangalore, and St Anns College of Education, Mangalore.Review and evaluation committee of the university headed by vice-chancellor TC Shivashankara Murthy visited these colleges earlier this year and came up with individual recommendations for each college. A common issue of concern for the evaluation committee was the interest shown by the colleges to start post-graduation courses without ensuring enough qualified faculty. \"Even the existing faculty do not have the required PhD/NET qualifications,\" the committee said in respect of St Agnes College. The committee suggested that School of Social Work recruit qualified faculty with PhD/NET to teach the post-graduate programmes offered by it. A similar suggestion with the rider to retain talented faculty by offering UGC/state pay scales was made to SDM College and St Aloysius College respectively. SAC was also asked to strengthen research in all departments having PG programmes by providing additional research infrastructure. VC noted that it is not enough if colleges put up magnificent \"physical infrastructure\" without taking care of \"intellectual infrastructure\". The committee made the same two suggestions made in case of SDM College and SAC with respect to St Ann's College. The autonomous colleges were also asked to improve research output in terms of quality publications in reputed peer reviewed journals. Procurement of latest edition of books to library and subscription of at least Indian journals too was the common suggestion made by the committee with respect to these colleges. VC told reporters that these colleges did not have PG programmes when autonomy was granted in the academic year 2007-08.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "curchorem", "code": "16563349", "title": "CCMC's new rehabilitation policy finds favour with traders", "text": "CURCHOREM: In a bid to help the distressed traders affected by the 1997 high court order mandating demolition of all illegal encroachments on footpaths and public passages, the Curchorem-Cacora Municipal Council (CCMC) has decided to facilitate rehabilitation of even those traders who are unable to produce any documents to substantiate their claim that their structure existed prior to the order.\"We are in the process of formulating a policy for rehabilitation of traders which should have actually been done immediately after the court order. As we have come across many traders who are unable to produce any document-like trade license, receipt of trade tax, etc-to support their claim for rehabilitation, despite the fact that their structure existed prior to the high court order, the council has decided that such traders may produce affidavits sworn by two other traders known to them and who will vouch for the authenticity of their claim,\" chief officer of CCMC Agnelo A Fernandes told a meeting of traders held at the CCMC on Wednesday.The policy will come into effect once it receives the nod from the directorate of municipal administration (DMA), Fernandes said. Curchorem MLA Nilesh Cabral, chairperson of the CCMC Jasmine Braganza and other councillors were present at the meeting. The meeting was held to redress any grievances of the traders, as they had stiffly opposed the CCMC's demolition exercise that was initiated earlier this month.Both Fernandes and Cabral came in for appreciation from the public for the tact and dexterity with which they addressed the contentious issue which had, of late, become a bone of contention between the traders and the civic body.Attempting to calm frayed nerves, Cabral assured the traders that he would ensure that none of the affected traders would be left in the lurch. \"Neither I nor the council wish to deprive anybody of their livelihood. Be assured that all those who have been affected will be rehabilitated. I urge you to cooperate with the council in this task,\" Cabral said.Stating that the CCMC would go ahead with the task of demolition of illegal structures identified by it from next week, Fernandes said that the exercise would be conducted in three phases. \"We have identified several traders who are plying their business from the old illegal units despite being allotted shops in the traders' rehabilitation complex. These structures will be razed in the first phase. I urge all these traders to dismantle their old shops immediately on their own. In the next phase, we will demolish all illegal extensions/projections done to the original structures which obstruct free movement of pedestrians along the footpaths or public passages. Structures coming within the road-widening area will be demolished in the third phase, after getting the report from the PWD. Any cases of rehabilitation will be considered only after demolition,\" Fernandes said, adding that videography of the entire market area will be undertaken before and after demolition.The Curchorem market traders' association also expressed satisfaction over the outcome of the meeting. \"As the council as well as the MLA have assured us of rehabilitating all the affected traders, I feel the issue has been adequately addressed,\" Shailesh Kudchadkar, secretary of the Curchorem traders association, told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16561881", "title": "Irrigation scam: Police protection provided to whistleblower Pandhare", "text": "NASHIK: The whistleblower in the irrigation scam, Vijay Pandhare, has been provided police protection at his residence.Nashik's deputy commissioner of police, Sandeep Diwan, said on Wednesday that two constables were deployed at Pandhare's Pokar Colony residence by the police commissionerate, though there was no such request from the Maharashtra Engineering Training Academy engineer. He added the security would remain for a few more days. Pandhare's allegations of corruption in the state's irrigation projects rocked the government, culminating in the resignation of deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar on Tuesday and demonstrations by his supporters across the state.In a 15-page note to the state government four months back, Pandhare had revealed that Rs 35,000 crore was siphoned off and wasted on irrigation projects during the past decade, when the state government claimed to have spent Rs 70,000 crore.Pandhare refused to comment on Pawar's resignation. \"My duty was to bring the issues to the notice of the government, and my job was done long back. I have nothing to say,\" he said.However, Pandhare now claims the government is taking some positive steps on his notes and letters. \"My duty is to technically examine every project and evaluate its weaknesses. I have been doing my duty. The fact that there was gross violation of safety norms is all what I have pointed out to the government and it should have acted long back. Nevertheless (after the letters appeared in the media) My sources in the government say there are some positive developments in the matter, though I have no document to substantiate this claim,\" said Pandhare, who is also the member of state-level technical advisory committee.When Pandhare had drawn attention towards the Health Status Reports of dams in the state, the chief engineer clearly said the report would hardly make much difference because not all important factors are taken on record by department officials. \"On the left bank canal of Gosikhurd dam, 23-km of lining was damaged within a year of completion but was not taken on record by officials. It came to light only when the central committee visited and inspected the case. The Health Status Report by the Dam Safety Organisation is also likely to be very different from reality,\" Pandhare said.Maharashtra has 2,093 dams, of which 218 are under construction. There are 229 large dams in category-I (dams with gates and which are more than 30 meters in height), and 942 dams in category-II (between 15-30 meters high but without gates). All the 704 smaller dams are in category-III.From category-I, no dams are listed in deficiency class-1, which would indicate dams likely to break down or where any other serious deficiency is observed. However, there are 122 dams in the class-2 deficiency which require the government's attention at the earliest. There are 102 dams in the class-3 deficiency, meaning work has to be done whenever possible.In category-II, there are no dams on the class-1 deficiency list, while the class-2 deficiency has 375 dams, indicating they require government intervention at the earliest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16565299", "title": "Allow tourism in core areas to save tigers, says conservation body", "text": "NEW DELHI: Faced with the Supreme Court's two-month-old interim ban on tourism in core areas of tiger reserves, the Union government's expert body on tiger conservation told the apex court that public participation was critical to tiger conservation and that regulated tourism should be permitted in core/critical tiger habitats.The National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) on Wednesday submitted new guidelines to the SC stating that at present, tourists were permitted to visit only 20% of the core areas of tiger reserves and it was well within the ecologically permissible levels. Taking into account the court's concern for tiger conservation, the NTCA, functioning under the ministry of environment and forests, said that conservation efforts must have public participation and regulated tourism was an effective and invaluable tool to harness community support for this purpose.The NTCA submitted the new guidelines to the court. which said, \"With the importance of tourism in tiger conservation in mind, it is recommended that a maximum of 20% of the core/critical tiger habitat usage (not exceeding the present usage) for regulated, low-impact tourist visitation may be permitted.\"The new guidelines said, \"Any core area in a tiger reserve from which relocation has been carried out will not be used for tourism infrastructure.\" This means that the guidelines permit continuance of existing lodging facilities put up by the government and private people in core areas but no future construction would be allowed.The guidelines also kept in mind the rehabilitation of forest dwellers.\"Tourism infrastructure must conform to environment-friendly, low-impact aesthetic architecture, including solar energy , waste recycling, rainwater harvesting, natural cross-ventilation, proper sewage disposal and merging with surroundings. All tourist facilities in core areas must conform to these specifications,\" it added. It also recommended phasing out of permanent tourist facilities in core/critical areas.Taking into account the court's concern for tiger conservation, the NTCA said that conservation efforts must have public participation and regulated tourism was an effective and invaluable tool to harness community support for this purpose.Times ViewSome environmentalists might be outraged by the suggestion that tourism should be allowed in the core areas of tiger reserves, but we believe it is the sensible thing to do with safeguards. Creating a situation in which local populations and tourists have no stake in the core areas does not help protect tigers. On the contrary, it leaves poachers and those willing to collude with them as the dominant stakeholders in these areas if not the only ones. That would be a recipe for disaster. It is much better to allow tourist activity within well-defined and strictly monitored restrictions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16564896", "title": "Mobile phones behind hearing loss in young?", "text": "MUMBAI: The jury is still out on the link between new phones, listening devices and hearing loss, but doctors say they are now seeing patients going deaf in their twenties. During World Deafness Week, doctors feel it is time to take a closer look at lifestyle factors.\"An audiogram of a 21-year-old revealed significant loss in his right ear, the one he favoured while talking on his phone,\" said ENT specialist Divya Prabhat, adding that he found no other reason for the hearing loss. \"Previously, I would get patients with complaints of tinnitus (ringing sound in the ears) in their 60s, but now I have patients in their twenties,\" said Prabhat.Overusing mobile phones, say doctors, is also associated with the rising incidence of vestibular schwannoma (acoustic neuroma or benign tumour growing on the nerve). \"It is felt that the incidence of vestibular schwannoma would be 50% higher in mobile users than non-users,\" said Prabhat.\"Hearing loss depends on the decibel of sound and the duration for which one is exposed,\" said Prof Hetal Marfatia of KEM Hospital. \"If one is listening to sounds over 80 dB for four hours, there would definitely be hearing loss.\"'Loud music causes hearing problem'Doctors blame the hearing problems on a favourite habit of youngsters: hanging on to their phones and music players at loud volumes for several hours a day.The World Health Organization has said that noise above 85 db is damaging to human ears and a 3 dB rise above this reduces by half the time needed to cause damage.But another doctor, Nishit Shah, said rapid hearing loss is only caused by viral infections. \"Hearing loss occurs over years,\" he said, adding that the only exception would be instances of terror victims turning deaf on exposure to loud sound.But Prof Marfatia said an angiogram would be a definite way of understanding if hearing loss is caused by noise pollution, be it exposure to sound in the environment or personal music players. A study from Tel Aviv University has shown that youngsters who listened to over four hours of music on their MP3 players or iPpods could be damaging their hearing. Dr Prabhat remembers a 38-year-old businessman from Surat who suffered complete hearing loss in one of his ears due to mobile use. \"He confessed he was on the phone from morning to evening. It definitely had a result,\" he said.Sumaira Abdulali of Awaaz Foundation, which works on creating awareness about noise pollution, said, \"The levels of noise we are exposed to could turn us into a nation of deaf people. It's high time noise pollution was considered a health problem and solutions worked out accordingly.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16564781", "title": "Suvaprasanna won't quit railway panel", "text": "KOLKATA: Amid controversy over Passenger Amenities Committee (PAC) members not resigning after Trinamool Congress' pullout from the UPA II, painter Suvaprasanna on Wednesday ruled out the possibility of resigning from the panel. He justified that the committee gets dissolved after a new ministry is formed and hence it is natural that he and other members cease to be a part of the committee.\"The question of resigning from the committee does not arise. We became a part of the committee through a gazette notification and not through an appointment. And hence, we cease to be members of the committee once it gets dissolved after the change of hands,\" said Suvaprasanna, who had called a press conference to clear his stance on the controversy. The painter said that he had consulted railways officials and also Mamata Banerjee whether he and other members should put in their papers. They have been told that it was not necessary as the committee will get dissolved naturally.Suvaprsanna was asked to be the chairman of the committee by Mamata Banerjee during the latter's tenure as the railway minister of the UPA government in 2009. Mamata inducted several intellectuals on several committees formed to look into passenger amenities and safety. Members of PAC headed by Suvaprasanna include painter Samir Aich, film maker Haranath Chakrabarty and singer Pallab Kirtanya among others. The committee, intact with its members,was retained during the tenure of Dinesh Trivedi and Mukul Roy, the other railway ministers from Trinamool.Suvaprasanna also hit out at the criticism that the members wanted to remain in the panel for monetary benefits. As the chairman, the painter is entitled a monthly honorarium of Rs 10,000 while the amount is Rs 8000 for other members. They also get freebies like railway passes, travelling allowance and accommodation in railway guesthouses when they are on tour.\"Right from the time I was asked to chair the committee, I had rejected any monetary benefits or perks. Some members might have accepted the honorarium and facilities since they are entitled. But till date I have not taken a single penny or any benefit for holding the post,\" said Suvaprasanna. The painter said that the last meeting of the committee he attended was one and half months ago.Now that he will not be a part of the committee after a new minister resumes charge of the Railways.\"I had accepted the post because of Mamata Banerjee. Now that her party is not a part of the government, there is no question of becoming a part of the committee even if I am asked to do so. This is the view of other members also,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16563803", "title": "Gujarat Parivartan Party gets business address", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A day before the Gujarat Parivartan Party (GPP) kicks off its month-long 'Parivartan Yatra', it got a new address. The central office of the party was inaugurated near VS Hospital in the city on Wednesday.The GPP will begin his yatra from Virpur in Saurashtra on September 27. The yatra in the first phase will pass through Jetpur, Vadal, Vanthaki, Keshod. On the second day, the yatra will pass through Mendarda, Visavdar, Bhesan, Bagarasa nd Dhari. While on the third day, the yatra will cover Chalala, Savarkundla, Liliya, Lathi, Babra to conclude at Jasdhan. On fourth day, that is September 30, the yatra will start from Atkot and pass through Sardar, Tramba, Tankara, Lalitpar, Dhol and Kalawad. On the last day of the first phase, the yatra will begin from Kamjodhpur and end at Khambalia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16563453", "title": "Foot over-bridge to ease Hero Honda Chowk chaos", "text": "GURGAON: The Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) is planning to build a foot over-bridge (FOB) at Hero Honda Chowk, a choke point on Delhi-Gurgaon Expressway.In a recent meeting between the HUDA and the NHAI, the ways to decongest Hero Honda Chowk and provide safe path for pedestrians were discussed.\"The FOB at the busy crossing is needed for safety of pedestrians. We are planning to design the FOB in such a manner that it can also be used by two-wheelers,\" said Praveen Kumar, HUDA administrator.Being in a low-lying area, this crossing is flooded throughout the monsoon due to poor sewage system. Many pedestrians get injured while trying to cross the high-speed road. \"The FOB will help in decongesting the crossing as it will take away load of pedestrians and cyclists from the road,\" said Kumar.The HUDA has finalized specification of the bridge - it will be 5 metre wide, large enough to accommodate both pedestrians and two-wheelers. \"This crossing witnesses large number of accident because of the high speed traffic. The FOB will ensure seamless movement of the people and two wheelers,\" said Kumar.In the first half of this year, the stretch between Delhi and Kherki Daula toll plaza witnessed 27 accident deaths including 15 pedestrians. The traffic police have also pointed out that the Hero Honda Chowk is among the most dangerous crossings for pedestrians in the city.HUDA officials said the work of building the FOB will be given to private contractor within next two months. The administration is also planning to build an FOB near HUDA City Centre metro station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "porbandar", "code": "16564734", "title": "Gang of chain snatchers busted; admit to 37 thefts", "text": "PORBANDAR: A six-member gang of chain snatchers was arrested by local crime branch (LCB) of Porbandar police on Tuesday night. With this, as many as 37 incidents of chain snatching reported from Rajkot and Junagadh districts in the past few months have been solved.Police identified the gang members as Imran Bukhari, a resident of 150-Ring Road in Rajkot, Bipin Gohel from Khodiyarnagar in Rajkot, Sahid Sheikh and Vasim Sumera Pirvadi from Ganesh Society in Pirvadi Sheri of Rajkot, Lakhman Odedara, a native of Ambedkarnagar in Junagadh and Bharat Vadher from Kajavadari.The arrests were done during night patrolling on Madhavpur highway. \"We spotted the accused's suspicious movement and intercepted them for checking. We found three gold chains worth Rs 73,300 from them. The accused were also found in possession of two knives. We also recovered two motorcycles worth Rs 65,000 from them,\" an LCB official said.In their interrogation, the accused confessed to their involvement in as many as 37 incidents of chain snatching and said that at the time of the arrest they were lying in wait for vehicles to commit highway robbery.\"The gangsters revealed that they were expert in chain snatching and targeted mostly women and elders. With their arrests, we have been able to crack the cases of chain snatching reported from Junagadh, Vanthali and several places in Rajkot,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16563746", "title": "Experts mull gutka ban efficacy", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A state-level stakeholder consultation to chart a roadmap for better implementation of the recently imposed gutka ban in Gujarat was held on Wednesday. The workshop was held by Public Health Foundation of India (PHFI) at Gandhinagar.\"Civilians and society can help effective implementation of gutka ban by reporting to us incidents where banned substances are being sold or stored. Providing us with correct information will help us crack down wrongdoers\", said Deepika Chauhan, deputy commissioner, Food and Drug Administration . \"August 31 was the day when production of gutka was stopped and the ban was laid on September 11. It is not possible that within this short time span all the produced goods got used up. Therefore it is obvious that those packets would now be pumped into the market in some form or the other. From September 11 to September 25, we have inspected a total of 22,225 shops, for checking of sale and storage of gutka. Nearly 15,000 pouches were seized and samples taken as per legislation,\" Chauhan said.Representatives of 12 NGOs were present at the consultation meet. Niru Patel of Vanita Shishuvihar, an NGO in Banaskantha district said that they are actively involved in implementing the law and spreading the awareness of the ill effects of tobacco use.\"We have our volunteers in six different talukas who do a survey on the number of addicts and their addiction history. We will be showcasing an awareness presentation on harmful effects of tobacco consumption in Ambaji on the ocassion of 'Bhadarvi Poonam' fair\", Patel said.Mayur Trivedi, State Coordinator of STEPS (Strengthning of Tobacco control Efforts through innovative Partnership and Strategies) programme said, \"We have CAT (community against tobacco) groups which have a mix of people from different sectors of the society. These groups organize rallies, wall writings and other campaigns to spread awareness in the society at large.\"PK Taneja, principal secretary and commissioner, health, said there is a need for a larger stakeholder coalition including NGOs to bolster the gutka ban implementation and for moving towards a tobacco free Gujarat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "16566227", "title": "Dera Beas chief visits Golden Temple, sparks row", "text": "AMRITSAR: Radha Soami Satsang Dera Beas chief Baba Gurinder Singh visit to Golden Temple on Wednesday has sparked a new controversy. According to reports, Baba Gurinder Singh arrived at Golden Temple in the morning like a humble Sikh and paid obeisance. He reportedly remained in the sanctum sanctorum for half an hour and also received siropa besides paying obeisance at Akal Takht.Commenting on his visit to Golden Temple, Akal Takht jathedar Giani Gurbachan Singh said, \"His visit proves that he is not a guru, but the real guru is Guru Granth Sahib.\" He said a Sikh could never proclaim to be a guru and advised Baba Gurinder Singh to propagate Shabad Guru. Chief of dera Beas, who enjoys Z plus security, was reportedly accompanied by three persons, including his security chief Sarabjit Singh Bedi and former superintendent of police Paramdeep Singh Teja.Earlier, Giani Gurbachan Singh had given clean chit to Dera Beas in case of alleged demolition of a Gurdwara at Waraich village despite severe opposition by various Sikh organizations that even gave a call to boycott the Akal Takht jathedar.Surprisingly, Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee officials expressed ignorance about Dera chief's visit to Golden Temple.Dal Khalsa spokesperson Kanwarpal Singh said, \"Beas dera chief's bowing before Guru Granth Sahib could be construed as a positive signal.\" However, he said, it was yet to be seen if he discards the practice of proclaiming himself as living guru and accepts Guru Granth Sahib as his eternal guru or not. \"There are so many ifs and buts and unanswered questions yet,\" he said.Sources said Baba Gurinder Singh paid obeisance at Golden Temple to earn goodwill and improve his image among Sikhs as a large number of them are followers of Beas dera.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16566066", "title": "Elderly &amp; pregnant women vulnerable to swine flu: Doctors", "text": "JAIPUR: With several swine flu cases resurfacing in the state, medical experts claimed that H1N1 influenza is an infectious disease but the virus infects only persons with low immunity, especially elderly and pregnant women. Patients, mostly from rural areas, with symptoms of swine flu have showed no contact history. Recently, swine flu cases have been reported from smaller cities such as Bundi and Tonk. A 48-yearold person from Railgaon village in Kota died of swine flu in a government hospital September 6.The medical health and family welfare department officials claimed he had not come in contact with any infected person.The department said it has released instructions related to swine flu but the situation is not alarming. In September, swine flu deaths were reported from Jaipur, Jodhpur, Kota, Bundi and Sikar districts.In Bundi, a 40-year-old woman died of swine flu three days ago, while a 34-year-old patient has been diagnosed with swine flu-like symptoms.His swab samples have been sent to Kota's government laboratory. A department official said the patient had not gone out of the village for two months, ruling out chances of being infected with H1N1 virus.A swine flu patient from Tonk district has been admitted to Sawai Man Singh (SMS) hospital. SMS hospital's acting superintendent Dr Rajesh Sharma said, \"We have received a patient from Tonk district. He is 75 years old. Last week three swine flu patients were admitted to the hospital.\"According to medical health and family welfare department officials persons with low immunity, particularly pregnant women and elderly , are easy targets for the virus.Those with better immunity recover quickly even if affected by the disease.Tonk's chief medical health officer Dr Ramphool Meena said, \"The person who tested positive for swine flu is 75 years old and has been admitted to the hospital. For the past couple of months, he has been undergoing treatment for a lung disease. Now he has tested positive for swine flu.\"Doctors said lack of awareness and late diagnosis of the disease are reasons for spread of the disease in rural areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16564549", "title": "World Tourism Day: Odisha lines up cleanliness drive for tourism spots, temples", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Centre's 'Campaign Clean India' would be rolled out in Odisha on the occasion of World Tourism Day on Thursday. The campaign is aimed at keeping monuments, temple and heritages sites clean and tourist-friendly.The Odisha Tourism Development Corporation (OTDC) has roped in hotel management students and other stakeholders in the hospitality industry to carry out massive cleaning activities at Khandagiri and Udayagiri monuments, and temples of Laxmaneswar in Bhubaneswar. Thrust would be given on hygiene and sanitation conditions in and around the monuments, solid waste management around the destinations, and hygienically maintained public amenities such as toilets.\"The CCI concept is part of this year's Tourism Day theme - Tourism &amp; Sustainable Energy: Powering Sustainable Development,\" OTDC general manager M R Pattnaik said. \"Steps are being taken to adopt energy efficient methods in our projects. We are also promoting solar power and solar water heating systems in our buildings,\" he added.The tourism department and travel industry have also planned to showcase a melange of cultural activities at several tourist destinations in the state on Thursday.While the tourism department would organize beach cleaning programmes in different beaches in the state, Puri-based voluntary organization Barefoot has decided to showcase Prahlada Natak, a dying folk art form, to regale tourists on the beach.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16564266", "title": "'Splash out' on upcoming water park soon", "text": "INDORE: Indoreans will have more reasons to cheer up now. Joining the league of tourist destination in and around the city is an upcoming water park on the lines of Essel World. The IDA ( Indore Development Authority) is planning to set up the park close to Meghdoot Garden at Scheme No. 54. The decision was taken in a board meet of IDA on Wednesday.IDA CEO Deepak Singh said, \"Recently, IDA has taken possession of 7.66 acre beside Meghdoot Garden and now we want to develop it as a water park cum amusement park.\" He added that IDA had given the land to Mangal Amusement Park for development of amusement park but they failed to stick to the contract. The IDA has taken back the possession of land.He added that according to the master plan, the said land is marked as green zone and as per the rules amusement and water park can be developed on green zone. \"We will now float a tender and give the land to the successful bidder for development of water park,\" Singh said. He clarified that IDA will not develop the water park. It would give land and the company, which will develop the park, will be responsible for its operation and maintenance.Singh said, currently, the city does not have any water park and it would be a good hang-out for Indoreans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "16566016", "title": "Silchar to host Sankardeva anniversary", "text": "SILCHAR: Vaishnavite saint Srimanta Sankardeva's 564th birth anniversary will be held on September 29 and 30 at Veer Chilarai Kshetra in Tarun Ram Phukan Higher Secondary School in Silchar.Thagit Nahor Deka, the working president of the reception committee of Srimanta Sankardeva's 564th birth anniversary festival on Wednesday said the gala event will be organised jointly by Srimanta Sankardeva Sangha, Asom Satra Mahasabha, Eksharan Bhagwati Samaj and some other holistic organizations.\"Silchar will host the birth anniversary celebrations of Shankardeva, which is being centrally organized here for the first time. It will enlighten the youth in this part of the state about the great socio-religious reformer and the role he played in the cultural and religious history of Assam ,\" said Deka.He said the two-day gala event will be inaugurated at 8 am on September 29 and will witness a series of religious and cultural programmes besides a seminar on the subject of Srimanta Shankardeva's role in the field of peace, development and unity. Deka said a number of scholars, cultural activists and artists from across the state will join the birth anniversary celebrations of Sankardeva. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16566109", "title": "Staff crunch hits garbage scheme", "text": "JAIPUR: The door-to-door garbage collection scheme flopped on the first day as the contract firm was stung by staff crunch.Officials claimed to have deploy more than 300 sanitation workers for door-to-door garbage collection. However, due to ongoing protest of the Rajasthan Mehtar Mazdoor Sangh against the scheme, only 50 to 60 satiation workers were available on the first day.In first phase, the firm had to start collection from 21 wards which included 17 wards of Hawa Mahal east and west zone and 4 wards of civil lines zones. But the tall claims of the JMC to make the city clean fell flat as garbage was reportedly collected from only four wards.The firm began the work from Sanjay Bazar. However, workers in Ghat Gate area were chased away by members of the Sangh. Police then provided security during their garbage collection from houses. Suresh Kalyani, president, Rajasthan Mehtar Mazdoor Sangh, said, \"We have been working for the cleanliness of the city for so many years and the government is now introducing private players, which we will not accept.\"Many claimed that the JMC is ignorant of the issue as recently , thousands of sanitation workers created a ruckus during inauguration of the doorto-door garbage collection scheme when they clashed with private employees. \"Matter should be resolved with the community before starting the scheme,\" an official said.BJP councillor and sanitation committee chairman Roshan Saini, said, \"We will protest and not allow the government to charge sanitation tax from the common man. The government has failed to start the project but they will still charge the already hardpressed tax payers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16563213", "title": "Secunderabad RDO to probe girl's death", "text": "HYDERABAD: Ten days after a 12-year-old student of Marwadi Hindi Vidyalaya in Sindhi colony died allegedly after consuming a deworming tablet, the Hyderabad district administration on Wednesday issued orders naming an officer to conduct the probe. Though Hyderabad collector Syed Ali Murtuza Rizvi had announced the probe on September 15 itself, it took the administration 10 days to draft the orders stating that RDO, Secunderabad A Ravindra Babu has been appointed as the inquiry officer were dispatched to the RDO on Wednesday. \"The officer has to submit the report within 90 days from the date of issuing the orders, Hyderabad collectoron Wednesday. \"The officer has to submit the report within 90 days from the date of issuing the orders, Hyderabad collector Syed Ali Murtuza Rizvi said in the orders. As part of the probe, the RDO will meet the parents of the girl, Kushbu Kumari, and the staff of the PHC where the initial treatment was givenbefore she was shifted to Gandhi Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16564479", "title": "New ambulance service for pregnant women", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government is set to launch Janani Express Service for referral transport services for pregnant women under the Janani Shishu Suraksha Yojna on October 2.So far, the 108 ambulance services have been instrumental in Janani Shishu Suraksha Yojna's (JSSY) success.Now, the medical health and family welfare department is launching a new toll free number-104- to call ambulances under the Janani Express service.The ambulance services have played a vital role in steering the government's efforts on institutional deliveries. From January to July 2012, 108 ambulance services provided 1.64 lakh trips to pregnant women, to and from hospitals.Health minister A A Khan said, \"At least 400 ambulances will be launched under the Janani Express service in the state with an aim to provide transport facilities to pregnant women for safe deliveries. This will be particularly helpful for women living in remote and distant places in the state.\"The ambulances would also provide free transportation facilities to infants of up to 30 days. The new initiative aims to bring down maternal mortality ratio and infant mortality rate.These ambulances will be deployed between two primary heath centers, and in remote places which are out of reach even for the 108 services.After a lot of research, the department has identified routes where these ambulances will provide transport facilities to pregnant women.The department will also install global positioning system in the ambulances to keep a track on their movement. Also, control rooms at district level have been set up in all the 33 districts. The government has already purchased the ambulances and completed the preparations for the launch of the new service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16564555", "title": "Rajasthan unaware of MoEF notice on reducing mobile towers near reserves", "text": "JAIPUR: The Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) on August 9 had issued advisory to states including Rajasthan to reduce number of mobile towers functional in eco-sensitive zones.It had suggested that mobile towers should not be permitted within 1 km radius of the existing ones to check impact of electromagnetic radiation on birds. The state government, though, claims ignorance over the advisory.\"We are following the court's instructions on mobile towers strictly. But, we have not received any such guidelines issued by the MoEF. If it is issued, we will discuss it in our review meeting called on Thursday,\" said chief secretary C K Mathew.The letter was dispatched to the office of chief secretary, forest department and department of telecommunication. All the offices, when contacted, said they were not aware of the notice.The advisory noted that towers should be set up \"so as not to obstruct the flight path of birds, and not to increase the combined radiation from all towers in the area\".It is based on a report prepared by the wildlife division of the ministry. It further suggested that the effect of mobile radiation is not just limited to humans but also poses a threat to the wildlife. It noted that wildlife is worst affected by radiation emitted by the mobile towers.Forest department officials in the state, however, said that since no policy has been drafted to check the installation of mobile towers around reserves, its impact cannot be monitored.\"There are total 14 provisions under the Environment Protection Act. None of these talk about radiation from mobile towers. Moreover, anything related to mobile towers does not come under the purview of the forest department,\" an official said.The advisory has been issued on the basis of an expert committee study on the possible impacts of communication towers on wildlife. The panel was constituted by the ministry in 2010.The MoEF asked state governments to conduct regular auditing and monitoring of electromagnetic radiations in the protected and eco-sensitive areas of the state. In case of any perceived threat from the towers, these should be suitably removed or relocated.For the setting up of new towers, the report recommended that full ecological impact assessment on wildlife should be conducted. \"The forest department should be consulted before installation of cellphone towers in and around the protected wildlife areas or zoos,\" the ministry said in its advisory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16562267", "title": "Auto, taxi fare to rise by Rs 2-3 next week", "text": "MUMBAI: Autorickshaw and taxi fares will rise by Rs 2 to Rs 3 in Mumbai, Thane and Navi Mumbai from the first week of October. This means that the basic fare for autos could rise to Rs 15 from Rs 12 while the minimum cab fare could climb to Rs 20 from Rs 17.Highly placed sources confirmed that chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Wednesday approved the recommendations of the Hakim Committee on fare hikes, barring a few minor modifications. Chavan told TOI, \"We will make an official announcement on fare hikes in a couple of days.\"Sources said that while approving the recommendations and the fare hike formulae devised by former union secretary P M A Hakim, the chief minister has reduced the cost-of-living factor for auto and taxi drivers, and cost of maintenance for both autos and taxis. This, according to experts, will impact the fare hike calculations. The final fare hikes for both autos and taxis therefore could be anywhere in the range of Rs 2 to Rs 3 (Hakim had suggested at least a Rs 3 hike).\"The Hakim report had proposed that the cost-of-living factor should be taken as Rs 12,000 per month for drivers. But the CM has recommended that this should not exceed Rs 11,000,\" a Mantralaya source said. \"Besides, annual repairs and maintenance of taxis was estimated by Hakim as Rs 92,000 for one-shift duty and Rs 1.02 lakh for double shift. The CM has approved Rs 70,000 for one shift and Rs 80,000 for two,\" the source said. Similarly, for autos, the maintenance cost proposed by Hakim was Rs 21,000 for one shift and Rs 25,000 for two. The CM has approved Rs 19,000 for one shift and Rs 22,000 for two.An official order (government resolution) in this connection will be issued by the transport department on Thursday, sources said. It is learnt that the CM has also insisted that every driver compulsorily wear ID cards. The card will bear his name, badge number and photograph. Besides, taxis should flash an e-indicator 'For Hire' on the roof.Taxi and auto union leaders have decided to cooperate with the authorities and there is no likelihood of cabbies or automen going on strike in the first week of October, union sources said.Sources indicated the government has also accepted a minimum fare for 1.5 km instead of 1.6 km at present. Night fare may also be hiked by 5% (from 25% to 30%) while auto fare will be decided once a year, depending on rising costs; tentatively in the first week of May.Commuter rights activist Shirish Deshpande said, \"The Mumbai Grahak Panchayat has already written to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan demanding there should not be a single paise hike unless drivers stop refusals and meter tampering. But we have not been called by the CM's office for discussions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16563918", "title": "'Hotter days, colder nights likely for next two days'", "text": "PUNE: The gap between day and night temperatures in the city has been widening steadily over the last few days due to the drying up of the atmosphere. This has been reflected in the relatively hot days and cold nights being experienced by citizens. There has also been no rain for a week.\"We expect the prevailing temperature pattern to continue for another one or two days, following which there is a strong likelihood of rainfall or thundershowers,\" said Medha Khole, deputy director general for weather forecasting at the India Meteorological Department (IMD), while speaking to TOI here on Wednesday.\"The rain may not have much impact on the maximum temperature, which may drop slightly, but the minimum temperature will rise because of the increase in the moisture content and presence of clouds at night.\"For the last few days the maximum temperature has been hovering around 30 degrees Celsius, which is near normal. The minimum temperature, however, is below normal.On Wednesday, the city recorded a minimum temperature of 18.5, which was 2.5 degree Celsius below normal. This was down from the 19.1 degrees recorded on Tuesday. The minimum temperature on Tuesday was 2 degrees below normal.\"A prime factor behind the widening gap in day and night temperatures is the reduction in the moisture content caused by the drying up of the atmosphere,\" said Khole. \"Usually, the day temperature increases and the night temperature goes down whenever the moisture content reduces.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16564933", "title": "India ranks 66th in food security index", "text": "NEW DELHI: India ranked 66th in the 2012 Global Food Security Index, released by American chemical company DuPont on Wednesday.Based on a survey of 105 countries, Index ranks India much lower than China, which stood at 39, although higher than its other neighbours Bangladesh (81) and Pakistan (75). \"India is ranked 66 in the list of 105 countries, scoring slightly higher in the category of 'availability' than in other two categories of 'affordability' and 'quality and safety',\" DuPont executive vice president James C Borel said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16564186", "title": "Rs 2-crore worth drugs in salt packs, teabags seized", "text": "MUMBAI: Air Intelligence Unit (AIU) officials seized a huge quantity of a drug worth Rs 2.3 crore, tucked neatly inside salt packs and teabags, on Wednesday morning.Acting on a tip-off, the officials stopped two consignments meant to be transported to London, only to find 15 kg of the sedative-hypnotic drug methaqualone in them.According to AIU officials, the two consignments were to be sent separately to London. One weighed 10 kg and was to be flown on a Qatar Airways plane while the other was to be taken by an Air India flight. Both were cleared by cargo agents and went past the scanning stage. They were about to be put on the aircraft when the AIU officials asked for a thorough check.\"When the packets were ripped open, we found the drug,\" a senior AIU official said. While there were some genuine packets of spices/salts, 30 packs contained methaqualone. The drug was also found in some teabags.Officials said the drug was from the cocaine family, but its value was a bit lower. The seizure was made by a team led by assistant commissioner Sameer Wankhede. Officials said they tried to track down the owner, but the address on the consignments turned out to be fictitious. \"We have detained the cargo agent and raided his office,\" an official said. The commissioner of airport Customs, P M Saleem, confirmed the incident. In July, hashish was found in a vegetable consignment, kept inside yams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "16563643", "title": "40,000 students to miss classes during Pitrapaksha", "text": "GAYA: 'More things change, the more they remain the same', goes the saying. It remains true in the case of Pitrapaksha arrangements as an estimated 40,000 students of 31 schools and colleges of Gaya town will be missing classes for 15 days due to the buildings requisitioned to accommodate pilgrims visiting the town during the fortnight-long Pitrapaksh Mela beginning on September 29, 2012.The practice of school buildings' requisition to accommodate pilgrims was introduced during the RJD regime in 1992, wen the concept of 'Charwaha Vidyalayas' as substitute/supplement for formal school gained currency and official patronage.Nearly two decades later, the RJD tradition is not only being maintained, it has been further widened to include college buildings within its ambits making teaching-learning loss more widespread. Earlier, pilgrim accommodation used to be the concern of the pilgrims and their family 'pandas'.Favouring change in the accommodation pattern of the pilgrims, activist S B Bhaskar says that instead of requisitioning school/college buildings to house pilgrims, temporary tents should be put up in open places like Bazar Samiti Complex, Bhusunda cattle fair etc. If Kalchakra Puja pilgrims can be accommodated in tents, why not Pitrapaksh pilgrims, argues Bhaskar.Asked how the loss to the students will be compensated, district education officer (DEO) Binod Kumar Jha said that efforts will be made to make up the loss by engaging extra classes during holidays. The DEO conceded that full compensation of the teaching loss is not possible.According to Panda leader Mahesh Guput, Gayawal Pandas, down the ages have been taking care of the accommodation of the pilgrims visiting Gaya for the performance of 'pindadan' rituals and the 'pandas' will not shy away from their responsibility. The 'panda' advised district officials to study the arrangements made in Allahabad during Kumbh and try to replicate the same during Pitrapaksh to make teaching/learning smooth during the festival of souls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16565317", "title": "Trident light row: Bengal minister's answer draws opposition ire in House", "text": "KOLKATA: Already under attack from the opposition over the trident light controversy, the state drew further flak on Wednesday when municipal affairs and urban development minister Firhad Hakim said in the assembly that he wasn't aware whether a tender had been floated for the project to install these lights under the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) area.The minister's statement comes close on the heels of KMC shunting out Gautam Patnaik, the director-general (electrical), for his alleged role in the purchase of the trident lights and fixing their rates.Hakim, however, claimed that the agencies under his department - including Kolkata Metropolitan Development Area (KMDA) - had followed the tender rules while implementing the project. Hakim was replying to a question raised by opposition leader in the assembly Surjya Kanta Mishra during the question hour session. Mishra's party colleague Gouranga Chatterjee raised it again during a debate on the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (Amendment) Bill, 2012.To Mishra's question, Hakim said that Rs 24.68 crore had been spent on this project in the KMC area alone, while Rs 14.71 crore had been spent in areas under the urban development department. He said in the latter, a proper tender process had been followed. Bidhannagar Municipality had spent Rs 96 lakh and Nabadiganta Industrial Township Authority (NDITA), covering Salt Lake Sector V, had spent Rs 12 lakh to install the lights, he added.When Mishra asked the minister to respond to allegations that KMC hadn't followed any tender process, no specifications and had purchased lights of inferior quality at a higher cost than the market rate, he retorted that the question should rather he put to the concerned MMiC. This triggered a furore from the opposition MLAs, prompting Speaker Biman Banerjee to tell Hakim that he should pay due respect to a member of the house.Hakim then said that the KMC was an autonomous body and was conducting its own inquiry. \"I will be able to comment on it as and when the report is placed before me,\" he said.In the latter half of the day, Chatterjee, who rose to speak during a debate over the KMC Amendment Bill, said a single trident lamp required 54 watts of power. \"The KMC could have saved the power and given electricity to nearly 38,000 poor urban households. This isn't only about a debate. People, too, are talking about it. Actually, if you have an ear to the ground, you'll hear they are calling these Jagannath lights (due to the shape). But then, are you even aware of it?\" he quipped.CPM MLA Shahjahan Chowdhury alleged that the KMC had \"bypassed the tender process to allocate it to certain select agencies\". \"If everything had been all right, why did Governor M K Narayanan ask for a report from the KMC,\" he commented. Chowdhury had raised a supplementary question on the issue during the morning session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16563035", "title": "Instill confidence in students to overcome problems, says Coimbatore police commissioner", "text": "COIMBATORE: City police commissioner A K Viswanathan urged college authorities to instill confidence in their students so that they are able to overcome disappointments in love without being self-destructive. He was speaking at a meeting to discuss the mental health of students in light of the recent gruesome murders where young love ended in violence in death. Representatives from schools and colleges and police personnel participated in the meeting which included a brain-storming session on how they could curb student suicides in the city. \"This is not an issue that can be resolved through enforcement,\" he added.\"Life is not only about love. It's just one part of our life. Students should be able to get their priorities right. They should focus on human excellence. Teaching staff should be on friendly terms with their students so that the latter would be comfortable approaching them, should they have some personal problems. The college management should also gather some intelligence on the abnormal behaviour of students,\" said Viswanathan.K Sundararaman, principal of Sri Krishna Arts and Science College said that only few students who were in emotional distress resorted to extreme measures when faced with problems. Generally, these students may confide in their friends about their suicidal thoughts. This should immediately be brought to the attention of the management and the student should be counseled, he added.Durairaj, vice principal of Dr NGP Arts and Science College said that the college has an advisor for every 30 students to identify and help them overcome problems. \"If students need a break from college, they are welcome to approach their advisor to get approval. Parents are encouraged to cooperate with advisors and teaching faculty,\" he said.Viswanathan said that this is a very trying time for youth. They are confused and unsure of themselves. They have to deal with peer pressure. It is imperative that parents maintain a healthy relationship with their children so that the latter will approach them with problems. There should be open communication between parents, teachers and the student, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16563305", "title": "Taking steps for one-rank, one-pension demand: Govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: Stung by trenchant criticism of ex-servicemen who have called the Rs 2,300 crore pension package announced for them \"a joke and mere eyewash'', the government on Wednesday said it was taking \"steps in phases'' towards meeting the eventual aim of one-rank, one-pension (OROP).\"The journey towards the OROP goal is a continuous process. Despite the country's critical financial position, the government came out on Monday with the Rs 2,300 crore package for ex-servicemen,'' a senior official said.\"This is the third time that the government has increased the pensions of ex-servicemen after the 6th Pay Commission. On implementation of the latest package, the pensions of officers will go up from 10% to 28% (Rs 565 to Rs 3,741 per month), while that of other ranks will increase by 9.7% to 13% (Rs 500 to Rs 800 per month). Dearness relief would be payable in addition,'' he added.Ex-servicemen, however, are furious with the government for trying to project the Rs 2,300 crore pension package as the fulfillment of their long-pending OROP demand, which basically means payment of uniform pension to personnel retiring in the same rank with the same length of service irrespective of their date of retirement.\"The OROP story has turned out to be a government joke. The government has just rectified anomalies created by bureaucrats in earlier pay commissions. They in any case would have been enforced through court orders,'' said a retired major-general.The government, on its part, said family pensioners have also been given the benefit of enhanced pensions, ranging from an increase of Rs 242 to Rs 2,500 depending upon their existing pensions.\"Moreover, defence and family pensioners will also benefit from dual family pension and family pension to mentally/physically challenged children even after marriage,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16564647", "title": "Nehru's wife appears in Trichy court in assets case", "text": "TRICHY: Former DMK minister KN Nehru's wife N Santha appeared in a disproportionate wealth case in a special court for anti-corruption cases in Trichy on Wednesday, but Nehru chose not to attend citing health problems.Nehru and wife Santha who were accused in a disproportionate assets case filed by directorate of vigilance and anti-corruption ( DVAC) in October 2011 were summoned by the court to appear for hearing on Wednesday. Earlier, both of them had appeared in the court on August 30, 2012 in this case. The court had adjourned the case to September 26.Nehru's counsel filed a petition for his absence citing health problems for his client. Santha only appeared before judge Sridhar. Santha also produced a personal bond for Rs 5 lakh and the judge ordered her to produce a personal bond for Nehru during the next hearing on October 10. However, the judge insisted that both of them must be present in the next hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16562770", "title": "Pakistan developing tactical nukes aimed at India: Experts", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pakistan is developing non-strategic or tactical nuclear weapons to check the asymmetry with India in conventional capabilities, noted nuclear expert Hans M Kristensen of Federation of American Scientists said.Kristensen and his partner Robert Norris have just published a report identifying Pakistan and China as among the five nuclear powers which either have, or are developing non-strategic nuclear weapons.The other three countries identified are Russia, US and France. \"On Pakistan, the picture is clearer in the sense that it is developing the Nasr that it claims has nuclear capability,\" Kristensen told TOI.\"As for the role of a nuclear Nasr, it appears intended for use against invading Indian troop formations that Pakistan doesn't have the conventional capabilities to defeat,\" he added. About the short-range ballistic Nasr though, Kristensen said despite Pakistan's claims that it was already nuclear-capable, he was yet to witness any assessment by the US intelligence community to prove this.With Pakistan already building its fourth reactor at Khushab military facility, a plutonium producing unit, there have been speculations for over a year now that Pakistan is manufacturing low-yield, tactical nuclear weapons. These weapons, according to Indian experts, are meant to be used along the border in case of any skirmish with the Indian Army.Kristensen and Norris described Pakistan's \"new weapon\" in the report as a 60-km ballistic missile launched from a mobile twin-canister launcher. \"Following its first test launch in April 2011, the Pakistani military news organization, Inter Services Public Relations, described the Nasr as carrying a nuclear warhead 'of appropriate yield with high accuracy', with 'shoot and scoot attributes' that was developed as a quick response system to 'add deterrence value' to Pakistan's strategic weapons development programme 'at shorter ranges' in order 'to deter evolving threats',\" they said in the report.The Indian security establishment was shocked last year after news broke out, as confirmed by satellite images, that Pakistan had already completed much work on the fourth reactor at Khushab. \"It will add to their stockpile of low-yield weapons which, they believe, will help them dominate any low-intensity conflict with India,\" said SD Pradhan, former chief of joint intelligence committee, adding that Pakistan was following the Chinese in acquiring such weapons.On China though, Kristensen clarified that there was a great deal of uncertainty about its non-stratetgic nuclear weapons and that China may not be developing these \"now\". \"If China has developed non-strategic nuclear weapons, then I don't think this has anything to do with India. Instead, it would have been motivated by its concern over the longer border with the Soviet Union (in the past),\" Kristensen told TOI.\"If the DF-10 (or other cruise missiles) have nuclear capability \u2014 and we don't conclude that it does but mention language in US intelligence documents that might attribute some nuclear capability to that weapon -- then it would be a more generic weapon that could potentially be used for regional targeting,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16563623", "title": "No filaria control unit in 15 districts", "text": "PATNA: Bihar government needs to act swiftly in a time-bound manner if it has to achieve the target of eliminating lymphatic filariasis (LF in medical terms and filaria in common parlance) in the country by 2015.As of date, the state government is yet to set up filarial control units in 15 out of 38 districts. In the rest 23 districts, municipal bodies undertake anti-larval measures. The parasitological work related to blood slide examination for microfilaria is also undertaken in only these 23 districts.In pursuance to achieving the target of eliminating LF from the country by 2015, the Union government in 2004 initiated mass drug administration (MDA) with annual single dose of tablets to all the population vulnerable to filariasis, excluding pregnant women, children below two years of age and seriously ill persons. MDA in the state was 84.39% in 2004, 77.82% in 2005, 79.77% in 2006 and 81.28% in 2007. The state could not undertake MDA in 2008. However, a health department official said, \"The drugs have little effect on the already swollen limbs.\"According to Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR), more than 55 crore people are exposed to filarial infection in India. The national filaria control programme launched in 1955 was mainly confined to urban areas. In order to reach out to a large number of people outside its purview, the programme was extended to rural areas in 1994. Incidentally, Bihar accounts for around 17% of the total LF cases in the country. In 2011, 11,830 new filaria cases were detected in the state.Incidentally, lymphatic filariasis is prevalent in 18 states and Union territories. It is mostly the poor who are hit by the disease.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16571733", "title": "Perfect timing improves finances, health and career", "text": "Timing really is everything and selected time management tips can help people save money, improve their health and make smarter career choices, an author has claimed.In order to write the book, Mark Di Vincenzo carried out extensive research studying sales patterns, consumer habits and historical trends.In each chapter, previewed on his website, the former investigative journalist covered a range of themes, including beauty, pets, cars, and children.Asked for his top tip, the resident of coastal Virgina said it was difficult to pick one.\"That's a little like picking your favourite children. But the tips I like the most are the ones with surprising results,\" the Daily mail quoted him as saying.According to Di Vincenzo, dieters will witness greatest success during the winter months as \"brown fat, also known as good fat, burns calories instead of storing them, and it works harder when it's cold\".While employees looking to get a promotion should approach their managers in \"January as companies with fiscal years that end in December are less conscious of spending money in January\".He also dished out advice on some stranger topics, including what time of day to get anaesthesia, when to colour hair and what stage a child should be taught math.He published his first best-seller 'Buy Ketchup in May and Fly at Noon' in 2009, and his latest work expands on the theme.The title of 'Buy Shoes on Wednesday and Tweet at 4.00' was also inspired by his findings.Di Vincenzo found Wednesday to be the best day for buying footwear as many retailers offer discounts of up to 40 per cent on that day.4 pm is pegged as the optimal time for Tweeting as this is when most Twitter users are active, meaning companies and individuals can gain maximum exposure.Signing up at a gym in summer is beneficial as gyms are trying to lure people inside during great weather, and will lower membership rates in order to do that.Visit the garage on Monday mornings as workers don't want to be late for work on Mondays. If you can take your car in on a Monday, you can get in and out quicker, and some repair shops will offer deals to get business in the door.Dye your hair when it's slightly dirty. Our scalps are covered with a film that protects it, but after you wash your hair, the film is gone, so if you colour your hair right after you wash it, the chemicals in the dye can irritate your scalp.Make an appointment for 9am to visit the doctor. Complications related to anaesthesia are four times more likely in the afternoon, when anaesthesiologists are more likely to be tired, distracted and stressed out.Start cleaning your house at 4pm. In the late afternoon, physiologists say we have more energy and behavioural psychologists say we tend to be in a better mood, so we won't feel blue at the sight of a vacuum cleaner.December is the best month to sign a lease. It's cold and dark in December, and many people have lots of Christmas-related errands to run, making it a bad month to move. But apartment managers need to fill vacancies, so you can get good deals on rents and security deposits if you're willing to move then.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "16564795", "title": "Agent sells my wife &amp; 2 kids, says Ajsu leader", "text": "LOHARDAGA: All Jharkhand Students Union (Ajsu) Party's central committee member Vinod Tameda on Wednesday lodged an FIR alleging that his wife Mohini Devi and daughters, Madhu (5) and Nidhi (3), were sold by an agent who had taken them to Delhi promising a job.Tameda lodged the FIR with women's police station. Police, however, did not provide details saying that it would affect investigation.A police team was preparing to leave for Delhi. Officer in charge of the police station D K Verma said, \"Tameda had blamed an agent for selling his wife and two daughters and we are investigating the case.\" Police sources said the agent took Tameda's second wife and daughters to Delhi sold about a week ago them for Rs 25,000 to one Babalu Gujjar. \"Tameda is a resident of Upper Baazar here but after his second marriage with Mohini he was living at Jaynathpur village,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16568505", "title": "Mobile phones behind hearing loss in young?", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16563385", "title": "Minimum-fare ticket windows at Andheri station", "text": "MUMBAI: In an innovation to reduce the long queues at ticket booking offices, Western Railway (WR) has set aside two booking windows at Andheri station \u2014one on the east side and another on the west\u2014to dispense tickets exclusively for minimum-fare journey. The minimum suburban train fare is Rs 4.Tickets up to Mahim in south and Kandivali in north are available.Every day, nearly 50,000 tickets are sold at Andheri station from 23 booking offices. Reportedly, 5% of these tickets are for minimum-fare journey.\"Purging these commuters from the booking windows will reduce the queues,\" said a senior official.According to WR officials, most of the tickets that are purchased at booking counters are for minimum-slab distances.If the experiment at Andheri station succeeds, WR has plans to introduce the system at 10 more stations on the suburban network.An official said, \"We may to implement it at Elphinstone Road, Mira Road, Goregaon, Borivli, Virar, Nalasopara, Kandivli, Dadar and Bandra, which accounts for nearly 59% of the total WR ticket sales.\"WR also plans to develop Automatic Ticket Vending Machines (ATVM) that will dispense minimum-fare tickets at a single click.A WR official said, \"At present, commuters have to first select the destination, number of commuters and whether it will be single journey or return journey ticket. This takes around 1 minute 30 seconds. If a minimum-fare dispensing ticket machine is developed, the entire transaction would be done in seconds.\"The official said, \"It is yet to be decided if the machine would be currency-operated or smart card-operated or a combination of both.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16563796", "title": "Verma SPooked by ghost of former party", "text": "LUCKNOW: Congress leader Beni Prasad Verma's free and unsolicited advice to his former colleagues against taking Amar Singh back into Samajwadi Party could cost him dear. In fact, with Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi advising old party hands to perform or perish, there's cause of concern for more than one party leader in the country's most populous state.If past individual performances be assessed, veteran politician Verma will be among the first to know there's reason for worry ahead of Lok Sabha 2014. An erstwhile Samajwadi Party member, Verma joined the Congress in 2009. Elevated as Union Steel Minister, the OBC-Kurmi leader was Congress' trump card for winning votes in east UP, regarded his stronghold. Sources in the Congress camp said Verma was given almost a free hand at the time of ticket distribution during the 2012 assembly elections despite massive protests from within the party cadres.Though Verma was allowed to decide on close to 90 assembly tickets, the veteran politician could ensure poll victory for only one candidate\u2014Madhuri Verma\u2014the wife of Verma's close ally Dilip, who could not contest from Nanpara as a result of pending criminal cases. In fact, for all his political clout in east UP, Verma was unable to secure an assembly berth even for son Rakesh, a former cabinet minister of the Mulayam Singh Yadav regime. Contesting on an assembly ticket from Dariyabad, in 2007, Rakesh secured 17,891 votes. In 2012, despite the union leader's blessings, Rakesh could only secure the third spot in the constituency garnering a paltry 57,044 votes. \"Allowing Beni to distribute tickets during the assembly elections caused collateral damage to the party. Workers were unhappy, many loyalists were left out and yet there was no favourable result,'' says a senior party leader.If ticket to seat conversion rates are an indication of a leader's political clout\u2014and also of whether he deserves to occupy positions of power\u2014Congress general secretary Dijvijay Singh is the only one who's proved, beyond doubt, his political acumen. Micro managing the party from his New Delhi office, as in charge of the state, Singh appears to have his finger on the pulse of the people as well as potential leaders. Doing more for UP from Delhi than the local leadership sitting in Lucknow could, Singh picked eight winners out of the 12 tickets he is known to have distributed. In contrast, two of UP's senior most senior Congress leaders, former CLP leader and UP Congress Committee president Pramod Tiwari and Rita Bahuguna Joshi, respectively, have also failed on the conversion rate meter. Secure a seat each\u2014their own\u2014from among the tickets they decided and distributed, insiders say both leaders have failed to build the party's cadres. A Congress source said: \"Joshi was responsible for distributing 50 to 60 tickets. Of these, she won her own seat from Lucknow, but could not ensure victory of even her brother, Shekhar, who contested from Allahabad.''In a similar vein, Tiwari, Guinness Book of World Records holder for winning his Rampur Khas seat in Pratapgarh a record nine times, is known to have distributed tickets to 10 assembly aspirants none of who were able to convert the tickets to assembly berths.Among the leaders who won 28 seats for the Congress during the 2012 assembly polls, there's also a section that comprises the non-partisan winners. Prominent among these are Jaunpur MLA Nadeem Javed, Shamli MLA Pankaj Malik, Deoria leader Akhilesh Pratap Singh and the scheduled caste winner from Duddhi, Roobi Prasad, who has now been appointed vice president of Zone 4 in the freshly restructured UPCC.A senior leader said: \"Congress needs strength at the grassroots. For that, the party needs to rise above petty factionalism to reconnect with the masses. By handing over the reins of the party to elected representatives, the high command has put a reality check on a leader's clout.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16563398", "title": "Goans and all stakeholders must ensure cleanliness: Tourism ministry", "text": "PANAJI: If Goa has to sustain its tourism industry and enhance it further, then Goans have to live up to their reputation as clean, cultured people.This is tourism minister Dilip Parulekar's sentiment on the eve of World Tourism Day. It follows the charge that the government has failed to keep Goa's beaches and other public places free of garbage.\"No matter how much garbage the government collects, if people keep throwing garbage on the beaches and in open spaces, we cannot maintain cleanliness. There is no point blaming migrants for everything. I appeal and pray that if we are to sustain our tourism and enhance it further, then all Goans and tourism stakeholders must live up to their reputation of being clean, cultured people,\" Parulekar said.He admitted frankly that Goa lags far behind most tourist destinations of the world. \"There are not even basic amenities for tourists on even our popular beaches like Baga,\" he said.But he asserted he would make amends. Already his department has started construction of a toilet block and changing rooms at Baga. Also, the tourism department has issued a tender of Rs 48 lakh for changing rooms and toilets near Calangute Residency. The government will float a global tender for appointing a consultant to draw up a tourism master plan for Goa. Though the tourism department has plans for convention centres, theme parks, an oceanarium, etc, in Parulekar's immediate vision are basic amenities like changing rooms, parking lots and garbage disposal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16569859", "title": "Dance across the world", "text": "A last-minute change in venue for the 'Earth Dance Carnival' \u2014 which is said to be the world's largest synchronized music and dance festival for peace \u2014 didn't deter the city's party peeps from heading out to the new venue and grooving to the tunes spun by the DJs at the console. The dance maniacs who turned up boogied to tracks spun by Vachan Chinnappa, Neuromotor, Franklin D'Costa and Akshai Sarin, among other DJs.We spotted Adam Bidapa and Karan Rao at this bash, as well as Sandalwood actor Tamanna Pasha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16563169", "title": "Push for Mumbai CCTV project", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai's wait for its own network of CCTV cameras seems to be getting over. After much delay in executing the ambitious project, the Maharashtra government on Wednesday invited fresh tenders for the Rs 864-crore cover plan for Mumbai. The state home department called for a Request for Proposal (RFP) from interested companies 'to design, supply, commission and implement' a CCTV surveillance network for Mumbai over the next five years. The RFP document, which comprises as many as four booklets of project requirements, would be made available to the interested parties at a fee of Rs 50,000. The last date for obtaining the RFP is October 1, after which the companies could get back to the government in the next 15 days. \"The process of bid finalization will start by November 17, and thereafter a technical committee will inspect all the bids,\" said state officials.The state government has decided to invite fresh tenders following the nod from a high-level committee headed by Maharashtra chief secretary Jayant Kumar Banthia. The panel, appointed by the state to look into the controversy surrounding the installation of CCTV cameras in Mumbai, had recommended starting the bidding process afresh, along with several changes to the original proposal. It is as part of those changes, officials said, and the government has this called for a FRP first instead of calling for an expression of interest (EoI). \"We realized this is a technical tender and therefore it is better to target specific firms with active expertise in this. Having an RFP would mean a simplified proposal with clear demarcations of disseminating the procedure, including transmitting feeds, and backend server operations,\" said an official.The CCTV proposal has been delayed ever since the panel probing the 26/11 attacks recommended installation of security cameras in Mumbai. Last time when the government called for an EoI for installing 6,000 cameras, the process ran into hurdle following doubts over credibility of a consortium that had bid for the project. The government then appointed a panel to look into the controversy, invite fresh tenders and avoid making mistakes it made in previous tenders. State officials had said fresh tender conditions would ensure a through scrutiny of the funding of the applicant and its consortiums and a clear demarcation of police, civic and cameras installed by residential societies.The government has defended the delay saying it was faced with choosing between hurrying up the process or ensuring a gradual and transparent process. \"We didn't want to repeat old mistakes,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16563274", "title": "Lovely goes slow on circle rate hike in upscale colonies", "text": "NEW DELHI: Circle rates continue to be low in upscale colonies of the city despite last year's revision. And there is a lot of black money involved in property transactions here. Nevertheless, revenue minister Arvinder Singh Lovely has decided to go slow on plans to hike circle rates, even though his department has set in motion the process to capture data on market rates. The idea behind this move is to put in place a proposal that might spell a steep hike in circle rates equitable to the market rates in upscale colonies.The current circle rates vary from Rs 86,000 per square metre in A category colonies like Golf Links and Vasant Vihar to Rs 13,800 in H category colonies at the bottom. The rates are low compared to the prevailing market rates in Delhi. In upscale colonies in particular, rates run into lakhs per square metre.Lovely, who is working on a strategy to speed up the regularization of illegal colonies, seems to be in no mood to stir up a fresh controversy by hiking the circle rates.When asked about plans to revise the rates, his response was guarded: \"For me, regularization is top priority. Revision of circle rates will follow. The department has not yet submitted a proposal. Let them bring it to me and we will see what to do.\" Lovely also refused to set a deadline for the revision.Last week, the revenue department issued an order to all sub-registrars and sub-divisional magistrates, asking them to get a market assessment done and put together the prevailing market rates of colonies under their jurisdiction. They were asked to revert at the earliest so that a realistic projection of the market situation could be done to propose a hike in circle rates.The hike, whenever it comes, might be quite steep in upscale colonies of A and B categories.After a series of controversies and changes in cabinet decisions, the Delhi government had decided to double the circle rates in February 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16571740", "title": "Ajay Devgn teaches Sonakshi how to ride a bike", "text": "The actress was a little apprehensive when she was told that her first entry scene would be on a bike and she also had to do some gallant antics on the mean machine.With Devgn riding horses and Sanju Baba showing his bravura personality by driving powerful jeeps in their forthcoming Diwali blockbuster, Son of Sardaar , how could the leading lady of the film Sonakshi be far behind!Portraying a true Sardarni look, Soni Kudi Sonakshi held her breath and balanced herself perfectly on the two wheels to perform some heart stopping adrenaline pumped stunts on a motor bike for this action comedy dhamaka.Buzz is that the actress was a little apprehensive when she was told that her first entry scene would be on a bike and she also had to do some gallant antics on the mean machine!! We hear that Sona decided to take the challenge head on with guidance from her action maestro and co-star Ajay Devgn!!A source close to the team said, \"Sonakshi has never driven a bike before so she was quite anxious about riding and performing stunts on the bike so Ajay helped her to ride the bike. She practiced it several times and then when she performed the sequence for the final scene, she took the entire cast and crew by surprise as she did it with so much perfection.\"From riding two horses at one time and the lead actress performing heroic bike stunts, Diwali Dhamaka, Son of Sardaar has it all.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16562819", "title": "Wildlife film fests to showcase Maharashtra's biodiversity", "text": "NAGPUR: At a time when coal mining and other detrimental projects are posing a severe threat to forest and wildlife, state forest department has decided to promote its rich biodiversity and wildlife through film festivals.This will be for the first time wildlife film festivals will be organized in cities by the forest department with the help of Nature Walk, Pune. The proposal has already been approved by principal secretary (forests) Praveen Pardeshi. The schedules and detailed programme will be worked out at a meeting to be held in Mumbai on Thursday.R R Sahay, additional principal chief conservator of forests (APCCF) for information and technology and policy, said, \"It's an attempt to give impetus to forest and wildlife. We have asked our officials to coordinate with Nature Walk.\"The festivals will be organized not only in cities like Aurangabad, Solapur, Nashik, Kolhapur and Nagpur as proposed by the Nature Walk, but in other places too, Sahay told TOI. Nature Walk has a collection of around 900 films that showcase wildlife, forest and biodiversity of our country. \"We in Pune hold wildlife film festivals that are highly appreciated by the common man. There is huge viewership of wildlife on channels like Discovery and National Geographic , but these channels don't promote much about our region,\" said Anuj Khare, honorary district wildlife warden of Pune.Khare feels these festivals will not only help create awareness but will help brand building. The publicity wing of the forest department will help with auditorium or a school hall of a capacity of at least 500 people with a good audio system. The forest officials will also help in making other arrangements.\"Plan is to hold such festivals on Saturdays and Sundays where Nature Walk team will screen the films. The films will be first introduced and then a post-screening discussion will be held. We can also have a morning nature walk on one of the days. This will help build goodwill of forest department,\" Khare felt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16562978", "title": "Man kills wife over affair", "text": "MUMBAI: An Andheri resident, Suresh Kharate, killed his wife following an argument over an extra-marital affair on Wednesday. The accused, Suresh Kharate, suspected his wife had an affair and he had fought with her several times in the past. The couple have two kids.The police said that on early Wednesday the couple again fought over the issue after which Kharate killed his wife. The neighbours caught him after the incident and handed over him to the police. The Amboli police took his custody in the case for further investigation.A commuter lost his life after falling off a train between Goregaon and Malad stations at 8.15pm on Wednesday. The victim, who was unidentified, was rushed to Bhagwati hospital in Borivli where doctors declared him dead. His body has been sent for an autopsy. Cops said the victim is yet to be identified.Man arrested in drunk driving caseSanta Cruz police arrested, Vishesh Shah (30), in a drunk driving case after he rammed his vehicle into an autorickshaw to avoid colliding with another vehicle. The incident occurred early on Wednesday. Cops said the auto driver sustained injuries but was out of danger.'Ragging row resolved'Two days after a ragging case surfaced at a Mahim college, the victim's parent and institute authorities announced that the \"issue has been resolved\".Cash missing from bank lockerGold ornaments and cash collectively worth Rs 4 lakh kept in a locker at Vijay Smruti Mahila Cooperative Societies bank in Dombivli (E) have gone missing.According to Ramanagr police officials, Rajashree Tambe, 30, resident of Pedse Nagar area in Dombivli east had kept her ornaments and cash in locker of Vijay Smruti Mahila Cooperative Societies bank situated in Dombivli east.The ornaments and cash were safe when she visited the bank on October 20, but on Tuesday evening when she visited the bank again she was shocked to find ornaments and cash missing from bank's locker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16564488", "title": "Villager hit during artillery practice at Deolali firing range", "text": "NASHIK: A villager from Wanjarwadi which falls on the outskirts of the firing range of the school of artillery at Deolali Camp, suffered serious injuries after being hit by a shell fired in the range.The victim Bharat Elam (24), had reportedly entered the restricted army area at around 11am on Tuesday in search of his buffaloes who had apparently strayed into the firing range as they were grazing.During firing demonstrations, Elam was hit by a shell on his upper back and was seriously injured in the process. Elam was immediately shifted to Civil Hospital. Doctors said that the victim had been operated upon and his condition was stable.Senior inspector of the Deolali Camp police station Anil Powar said that police would be going to Wanjarwadi where Elam had been injured.Despite the fact that villagers have been informed that the firing range is a restricted area and they should therefore be extra vigilant about their cattle wandering into army territory, the villagers said they had no option but to risk their lives to trace their cattle which inadvertently continue to stray into the firing zone looking for grazing ground.Incidentally, some villagers who deal in scrap, have also trespassed into the firing range to collect empty shells which they then sell as scrap.On Friday, the Deolali Camp police arrested a resident of Shigve Bahula on charges of stealing empty shells that had been fired in the military area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16564478", "title": "Strict vigil on clinics to stop feticide in Odisha", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government has decided to use sting operation and decoy to nail doctors engaged in sex determination tests. The guidelines were handed over to district collectors on Wednesday.The move aims to tighten the noose around offending doctors and gynaecologists using sonography machines to determine the sex of foetus, which may later lead to termination. In a maiden operation, a clinic was closed down and a case filed against a doctor last week in Talcher, official sources said.Only three persons have been convicted for violation of the PCPNDT Act in the state so far. While 24 cases were filed under the Act till 2011, in the last one year 21 ultrasound units have been seized and 10 cases filed in the state.The guideline for sting operation suggests that it should be done through the appropriate authority. A pregnant woman with 14 to 22 weeks gestation will be used as a decoy and provided necessary support like mobility, wages and pocket allowances for her services. She also has to give an affidavit that she is ready to become a decoy and record in it the number on currency notes to be used in the sting operation. Audio and video recording through hidden camera should be used as these can be produced in court as evidence.But experts said it will not be easy to nab the culprits, as they are finding new ways to avoid violating the law. Social activists said that code language is being used in clinics to pass on information about the gender of the foetus to the parents. \"The doctors have their own style of disclosing the sex to the parents and it is difficult unless the parents tell the truth. The authorities also fail to keep a tab on the number of sonography machines being used in clinics,\" said Prajna Das, a social activist.Health minister Damodar Rout said, \"An online complaint mechanism has been put in place to register complaints about violation of PCPNDT Act. Besides, squads have been formed to raid clinics. The government is also planning awareness campaigns on PCPNDT Act in schools and colleges.\"The child sex ratio has fallen from 953 recorded during the 2001 census to 934 in 2011. Nayagarh district has registered the lowest sex ratio of 851 while Nabarangpur has the highest of 988. Muralidhar Barik, collector of Nayagarh said, \"Strict vigil is being maintained on the existing ultrasound clinics in the district to check violation of PCPNDT Act. Moreover, awareness campaigns are being organized from time to time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16565905", "title": "BBMP garbage service to exclude a third of Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: In four days, if things stay the way they are, Bangalore will be covered by a mound of garbage mainly because of the attitude of the city corporation. From Monday , the BBMP will stop collecting garbage from apartments because they have been classified as bulk generators \u2014 those which generate more than 100 kg a day \u2014 that need to have their own composting or bio-diesel generating units.No apartment complex in the city has such a facility. Even if an apartment block decides to get one, it will take a few months for the whole system to become functional . Alternatively, apartment dwellers have to make their own arrangements with private contractors or the corporation to move wet waste from their premises. Both options will result in an additional cost to the people who already pay a cess for the same purpose.Bangalore has about 7 lakh apartments. If the average size of a family is taken as four, it would put the total number of people living in apartments at 28 lakh. Given that the city's population is about 86 lakh, this means the BBMP has, in one stroke, denied this essential service to about 32% of the residents.Sounding a conciliatory note, mayor Venkatesh Murthy has said apartments will be given two months to implement composting.The BBMP commissioner claims that laws mandated such a system ages ago. That they haven't been enforced for 15 years is due to the BBMP's oversight. The citizens should not be punished because the administration failed them.Monday is when segregated waste will be picked up from homes. The effort is to minimize the amount of waste that needs to be dumped outside and thus reduce the need for large landfills . Nobody will argue with that. Most people are willing to comply. In fact, many wards and localities took the lead in segregating waste long before the current crisis brought the subject to the forefront.However, with its poorly trained garbage collectors, and with many wards not even having even a token garbage-collection service, how does the BBMP expect to enforce this in four days?TIMES VIEWIt can't get more thoughtless than this. First, the BBMP has coolly put the ball in the citizens' court by shifting the onus of garbage management to them. Second, it is yet to come up with a robust longterm plan for a city that is growing fast. Third, it has put out an absurd notification on waste segregation in apartments. In its zeal to outsource garbage management to citizens, the civic agency is getting apartments, which are deemed to be bulk generators, to either compost wet waste on their premises or pay a fee to BBMP to haul it away. For existing apartments, setting up a composting unit at a short notice may not be feasible given the space and manpower required to manage it. Surely, Bangalore's proactive citizens, who have done their best to manage garbage, deserve better.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16566048", "title": "No Lingayat for BJP chief\u2019s post", "text": "BANGALORE: No prominent Lingayat figured on the list of probables to succeed KS Eshwarappa as state party president, quashing the hopes of former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa , who has his eye on the post. The party appears to be working on a BGD (Brahmin-Gowda-Dalit ) formula to find the right person.Yeddyurappa could now be a very angry man , as his demands were firmly turned down at the BJP national executive committee meeting at Surajkund in Haryana on Wednesday. He had made clear his desire to be made party president and also that his loyalist ministers get plum portfolios.The party leaders are said to have informally discussed the issue of the state unit president during the BJP meet. Barring the Lingayat community, which CM Jagadish Shettar also hails from, the party is veering towards a BGD formula. The names discussed were Prahalad Joshi and Visvesvara Hedge Kageri (Brahmins); Nalin Kumar Kateel, a Bunt; R Ashoka and CT Ravi (Vokkaligas) and Govind M Karjol and A Narayanaswamy (Dalits). The party is likely to zero in on Joshi.The party adopted the LKG (Lingayat-Kuruba-Gowda ) formula when Shettar was sworn in, making Eshwarappa (Kuruba ) and Ashoka deputy chief ministers.WIDENING CASTE BASEWhile Joshi and Kateel are MPs, the other probables are ministers. Sources told TOI that Lingayats have adequate representation in the government and the party is on the lookout for leaders of other castes. According to them, Yeddyurappa's followers were also discussed, but none qualified as most of them had joined the party only recently.\"The president should be acceptable to everyone in the party ,\" they added.The issue of a minor cabinet reshuffle was also discussed. However, the exercise is expected to pertain only to municipal administration minister Balachandra L Jarkiholi. With Eshwarappa and Karnataka party incharge Dharmendra Pradhan having promised him an additional portfolio, law minister S Suresh Kumar may have to give up his portfolio to Jarkiholi.Yeddyurappa's demand to give his followers MP Renukacharya and Raju Gouda (Narasimha Naik) high-profile portfolios was not considered. Sources said Yeddyurappa's outbursts against the party and his absence at the meeting were also not discussed.THE CHOSEN ONESThe names discussed on the list of probables to succeed KS Eshwarappa as state party president were Prahalad Joshi and Visvesvara Hedge Kageri (Brahmins); Nalin Kumar Kateel, a Bunt; R Ashoka and CT Ravi (Vokkaligas) and Govind M Karjol and A Narayanaswamy (Dalits). The party is likely to zero in on Joshi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16571186", "title": "Tom Cruise leaving Suri rumour is hogwash, says friend", "text": "Tom Cruise's friend has slammed reports suggesting that the actor has turned his back on daughter Suri because of his controversial faith, Scientology.It is said that the 'Mission Impossible' star has not seen his daughter for over seven weeks and is currently 3500 miles away, filming in the UK.But a friend of the 50-year-old actor insisted that the devout Scientologist loves his daughter no matter what religion she is raised by - and is simply busy with other commitments.Bert Fields said that the claims are \"hogwash.\"\"This has absolutely nothing to do with Scientology,\" the daily Mail quoted him as telling People magazine.\"This is something that's been going on her whole life - when Cruise is shooting a film out of the country, he has to rely on the telephone,\"he said.Screenwriter Christopher McQuarrie , who has worked on four films with Cruise, insisted that Cruise was every inch a doting father.\"I can tell you that I haven't had a meeting with Cruise that was not interrupted by a phone call with his daughter,\" he said.\"His heart is broken. He misses his little girl and works very hard at parenting.\"His hands have been tied,\" he added.The father-daughter duo was last spotted together on August 5 when Cruise took Suri on an exciting trip to Disney World.However, McQuarrie stated that it was perfectly normal when a person is a big movie star.\"There's a commitment [to making movies] that is huge while all this enormous change is happening in his personal life. You can't simply put a movie on hold and go off and deal with your personal issues,\" he said.\"He was finishing [Oblivion] when he learned his wife was divorcing him.\"He was immediately committed to [All You Need Is Kill] and there was no way he could not honour that commitment. You are talking about millions of dollars, hundreds of jobs,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16569713", "title": "How India is building its analytics talent", "text": "BANGALORE: Analysts have to combine expertise in math - mostly statistics and probability, calculus and econometrics -- with business knowledge. While India's traditional strength in math makes available plenty of people with math skills, that does not automatically translate into analytic skills.Global executive search firm Heidrick &amp; Struggles estimates that India has 50,000 highly qualified analytics professionals. \"But demand is running at five times this number,\" says C K Guruprasad, consultant for the technology practice at the firm.Consulting firm McKinsey estimates that India would need 2 lakh data scientists in the next few years. The extent of hiring for analytics can be gauged from the fact that a single company, Wipro , already has as many as 8,000 people in analytics functions, as per a Heidrick &amp; Struggles report.Companies are finding different ways to address the talent shortage. Mu Sigma has established what it calls the Mu Sigma University to create a pool of analytics talent. Deepinder Dhingra, head of products &amp; strategy at Mu Sigma, says the company recruits engineering and management talent from campuses and puts them through a three-month mini MBA programme. The company today employs about 2,000 analytics professionals.Fractal Analytics has the Fractal Analytics Academy that seeks to create and leverage learning opportunities to institutionalize analytics. It is a forum to encourage the exchange of information and knowledge, develop domain expertise, and technical and soft skills. Fractal has also designed a series of courses that encapsulates the knowledge that it has developed over the years.IBM is working with 500 universities in India to embed analytics in their curricula , says the report by Heidrick &amp; Struggles. Redwood Associates started in 2007 as a specialized training facility for analytics and has since trained over 10,000 students. Guruprasad says a large pool of experienced analytics leaders is moving back to India and that would raise awareness and assist in the build-out of talent for analytics teams.\"While they may not directly solve the immediate talent crunch in terms of the required numbers, these executives will be both a short-term and longterm investment as they help groom others,\" he says.Indian corporates too will increasingly require analytics services. Vanitha Narayanan, managing partner for global business services in IBM India, points out that there are many use cases that are unique to India.Telecom companies with massive subscriber numbers need analytics to understand how they can offer customized services to keep their subscribers from moving to competitors. Cell towers in India are today the biggest consumers of diesel after the Indian Railways. So telecom companies need to understand the best way to optimize power management for cell towers.Avendus Capital executive director Amit Singh says that as the industry matures , Indian analytics service providers will move towards providing more complex services like model development, services based on proprietary IP, and consultative offerings. \"They will also expand offerings beyond traditional verticals ,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16565642", "title": "Green tribunal chief in six weeks: Centre", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre on Wednesday told the Supreme Court that it was processing Chief Justice of India SH Kapadia's recommendation for appointing sitting judge of Supreme Court Justice Swatanter Kumar as chairperson of the National Green Tribunal (NGT) and that a notification could be expected in six weeks.Appearing for the Centre, solicitor general R F Nariman informed a bench of Justices G S Singhvi and S J Mukhopadhaya that the CJI's recommendation, which was received by the government on August 14 in response to its April 30 request, was placed before the appointing authority on September 17.When the bench asked how much time it would take for the appointment to come through, Nariman said it would take a maximum of six weeks.After reserving its order on the proceedings relating to NGT, the bench went on to hear attorney general G E Vahanvati and additional solicitor general Paras Kuhad on making it mandatory for the government to provide infrastructure and accommodation facility to tribunals and its members before these were notified.During the hearing, the bench recalled the SG promising to complete the appointment of NGT chairperson in six weeks and said, \"There could be some problem relating to NGT if the appointing authority makes the appointment in six weeks. This is because Justice Swantanter Kumar will demit office only on December 31.\"What appeared to play on the mind of the bench, which was focusing on making tribunals functional in letter and spirit and not only on paper, was that there was a possibility of the NGT remaining not fully functional even after the government appointed Justice Kumar as the chairperson. This was because Justice Kumar would retire only after 13 weeks.The court expressed surprise over non-allocation of accommodation to tribunal chairpersons and members even though several politicians continued to be in unauthorized occupation of official houses after ceasing to be members of Parliament and ministers.Earlier, the SG said he would give a list of such unauthorized occupants to the court. The bench said it would issue a general notice to them to see whether such accommodation could be allotted to tribunal members and chairpersons to facilitate proper functioning of the quasi-judicial bodies.The bench recounted several instances where retired judges had withdrawn their consent to officiate as chairperson of tribunals after being frustrated about allotment of accommodation.Senior advocate PP Rao, assisting the court in the case, said the government must make provision for proper infrastructure and accommodation otherwise there was no meaning in notifying a tribunal which would not be able to discharge its statutory duties.The bench asked the AG to specify in six weeks the government's stand on three issues - uniformity in retirement age of chairpersons of tribunals, accommodation to chairpersons and members and infrastructure. The AG agreed with the bench that the government must not notify any new tribunal without first making adequate provisions for accommodation and infrastructure. It posted the matter for further hearing on November 29.dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16562400", "title": "Grand initiatives of Mumbai top cops no strangers to failure", "text": "MUMBAI: The police chief's plan for senior citizens seems headed the way of the failed initiatives of his predecessors. Several officers, after assuming the post of Mumbai's police commissioner, introduced schemes from protecting students to solving the public's problems in filing FIRs. But most of the plans have been forgotten.R S Sharma, who was commissioner for 11 months, had announced foot patrolling to make police presence felt on the ground. The intention was to deal with local crime and improve the police's interaction with the public. The plan fizzled out.A N Roy, when he was police commissioner, realized that people faced difficulties in filing FIRs. So, he ordered police stations to register FIRs within 15 minutes of receiving complaints. The system failed because of time-consuming requirements like police verification and other legalities. At present, filing an FIR takes 3-10 hours (for two other failed plans, refer to the adjoining graphic).\"We need to verify everything before taking an FIR so its takes time and we cannot go just by what a complainant is saying. We need to establish the authenticity of the complaint,\" said a police officer.D sivanandhan, who served as crime branch chief in late 1990s and became city police commissioner in 2009, had started a \"youth-oriented\" website of the Mumbai police. With a fresh citrus look and an interactive design, the website, copconnect.in, carried news, an events calendar and gave police alerts and traffic updates.The website was intended to deal with issues such as drug and alcohol abuse among youths. It also featured questionnaires wherein the young users can identify problem areas or symptoms. However, when you access this web site now, you will feel you are checking a real estate or consumer web site. The domain name of copconnect.in has expired.Similarly, after taking charge former city commissioner Arup Patnaik introduced a complaint box where citizens can drop their complaints, even anonymously. The box was initially kept outside the commissionerate but since Patnaik has been transferred and promoted, the box has been kept inside the compound. Moreover, he had also started a mobile SMS service for citizens so that they do not need to come to him or any police station and just by SMSing their message will be taken into consideration for action. He had announced two dedicated tollfree numbers 7738144144 and 7738133133 for the SMSs. The complaint box now hardly gets any letter. The SMS service which would earlier get more than 300 SMSs on a daily basis has now reduced to less than 25.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16566009", "title": "\u2018Rajasthan lags in executing PM\u2019s plan for minorities\u2019", "text": "JAIPUR: The Ashok Gehlot government is lagging behind in implementing the Prime Minister's 15 Point Programme for the welfare of minorities , the National Commission for Minorities (he welfare of minorities , the National Commission for Minorities (NCM) vice-chairman H T Sangliana observed on Wednesday.Sangliana, who is on a twoday visit to the city to review the welfare programmes' execution , said a separate twomember NCM team would soon visit the state to review the law and order situation here in the light of past communal clashes at Gopalgarh and Sarwar. Rajasthan State Minority Commission chairperson Mahir Azad, meanwhile , said Gopalgarh incident was a \"state subject\" .\"Gopalgarh or other issues were not be raised in today's meeting. A separate NCM team will soon come for this purpose,\" Sangliana told reporters at a press conference .About the 15 Point Programme implementation in the state, the chairperson said there was \"room for improvement\" .\"The progress report submitted by state government uses words like 'will be done' or 'in the process' , at several places. It would have been better if the report could say, 'done' ,\" the vice-chairman told reporters.Sangliana held a meeting with the top government officials , including chief secretary CK Mathew and DGP Harish Meena, at the state secretariat. Minister of state for minorities Amin Khan, Rajasthan state minority commission chairman Azad and leaders of different minority communities were also present in the meeting.The commission's vicechairperson also noted that public awareness about the 15 Point Programmes was lacking in the state. \"Awareness about the programmes here is not adequate. I have suggested to the chief secretary to hold review meetings and take feedbacks on the programmes every three months.\"Minority committee representatives informed the national commission about not getting enough share in government recruitments.Vice-chairman Sangliana suggested at the meeting that the state police and the central police forces should hold special recruitment rallies for the local minority people, especially for those from the rural areas.At the meeting, the NCM received complaints about delays in release of scholarships and caste certificates to the minority community students and sub-standard quality of mid-day meals at some government schools for the minorities.Congress leaders and members of the Sikh and Christian communities, Prithvi Pal Singh Sandhu and Mumtaz Masih, also presented their communities cases before the NCM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16565272", "title": "Airport keeps tryst with flying dreams, past and present", "text": "KOLKATA: The Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose International Airport kept a date with both the future and the distant past on Wednesday when only a few hours separated the landing and takeoff of planes from different eras.When the mint-fresh futuristic B-787 Dreamliner from Seattle-based American plane manufacturer Boeing Co landed at the airport on Wednesday morning, just about every airline and airport official rushed to the tarmac to catch a glimpse of the world's most advanced aircraft. But when the Douglas DC-3 aircraft (manufactured between 1935 and 1942) took off earlier in the morning, there were few to bid goodbye to the plane that had revolutionized air transport and left a lasting impact on airline industry. Incidentally, the first plane to land at Kolkata airport was a Dakota-3 in 1924, a predecessor of the DC-3 that took off on Tuesday.However, the historic fixed-wing propeller-driven airplane went unnoticed as Dreamliner, christened the ultimate flying machine, hogged the limelight. By the time the aircraft touched down at 4.20pm, the tarmac had turned into a fairground and posed CISF a huge challenge in crowd-control.\"Have you noticed the curvature of the wings? That is what adds to the aircraft's aerodynamics and makes it so fuel efficient,\" a private airline official told a colleague. \"Isn't the flower-shaped engine a work of art? I haven't seen anything so beautifully crafted on a commercial jetliner,\" one engineer remarked to another.When Sanjib Bezbaruah boarded flight AI 020 with 161 other passengers, he wasn't aware he was stepping into a new-generation plane that is billed to script a bold and bright new future for the ailing Air India. But the moment he stepped in, he knew it was very different from the unimpressive cabin that one usually encounters in AI planes.\"The interior was crisp and fresh. The first class seat reclined to form a flat bed. The windows were larger and could be electronically dimmed to keep the sun's glare away without blocking the view. The in-flight entertainment system had audio-video on demand. It will be great to fly in the plane when I travel on long-haul international business trips,\" said Bezbaruah.The plane didn't just zap passengers. Even captain JM Joseph, who piloted the aircraft along with Boeing instructor Wayne Ridenor, and pilots Sumit Sabharwal and Sunil Simon, who kept a hawk eye on the controls, were all smiles when they alighted from the plane. \"It's fun piloting the plane. It steers very neatly with hardly any drag. I had read that the plane is considerably lighter because it is made of titanium, aluminium and carbon composites. Flying it, one could sense how nifty it has made the plane,\" Joseph said.Just over an hour later at 5.30pm, the plane took off with 246 for Delhi, this time rechristened flight AI 701. While the arriving flight connected with AI's London-Delhi service, the departing one will connect to the Delhi-New York flight.\"The Dreamliner will serve long-haul international routes once the pilots are trained and familiar with the controls in the new aircraft. Over the next three to four weeks, it will do domestic sectors like Delhi-Kolkata-Delhi,\" AI regional director R Dayal said.Though there is no real possibility of AI introducing the Dreamliner in Kolkata on a more long-term basis, given that it hardly operates any international flights apart from connections to Nepal and Yangon, Dayal said the carrier was planning to reconnect Dhaka and Bangkok apart from evaluating new flights to Phuket in Thailand and Guangzhou in China. \"The airline's turnaround plan entails a 30% capacity hike in the east and the northeast,\" he said after bidding Delhi and New York-bound passengers goodbye with rosebuds.Hours earlier, when flight captain James, along with his co-pilot and two engineers, took off from Kolkata in the DC-3, there were only a few curious onlookers who marveled at the pre-World War II-era plane. The plane had stopped overnight to refuel after taking off from Ahmedabad. And it was headed to Bangkok.\"If the Dreamliner offered a peak into the future, the DC-3 was a blast from the past. It was a privilege to serve both the planes,\" said airport director BP Sharma. In a way, the planes reflected the contrast at Kolkata airport that is currently operating out of an old dilapidated building while the swanky new terminal is being readied for takeoff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16563214", "title": "Industry moots freight train to find new markets for agro products", "text": "COIMBATORE: If all goes well, the western region of Tamil Nadu could get a special freight train for the movement of goods including agro products ranging from coconuts in Pollachi to turmeric from Erode to other parts of the country. The alternative transportation plan could benefit traders and farmers alike in the wake of escalating cost of transportation of goods by road. The idea mooted during a meeting of a delegation of Coimbatore Railway Struggle Committee with AK Mittal, general manager of South Western Railway (Hubli), who is also holding the additional charge of general manager, Southern Railway on Tuesday.\"The initial response to the cargo train from Coimbatore or Western Tamil Nadu was positive. The railways claimed it will be actively considered once we submit a proposal,\" said P R Natarajan, MP, Coimbatore.The proposal could follow the model of the Kairali Queen, which was recently flagged off from Thiruvananthapuram with a tonne of jackfruit from Kerala to northern and north-eastern states. The rail service was designed and flagged off as part of an initiative to promote agriculture and ethnic products from the state in other parts of the country.\"The model of Kairali Queen was quoted as an apt example for starting an exclusive freight train service from Coimbatore. It will be of a great boost to the region and also we could consider widening the scope to include other non-agro commodities that are manufactured in Coimbatore,\" said R Raveendran, honorary secretary, Residents' Awareness Association of Coimbatore, who was also present at the discussion.The local chapter of The Indian Chamber of Commerce and Industry is also involved in the process and is likely to convene a meeting with the manager of Salem division to discuss the project in detail. \"We will have a meeting of traders and decide on the goods to be transported and moot a proposal to the railways,\" said R R Balasundharam, president, The Indian Chamber of Commerce and Industry, Coimbatore.The railway officials have claimed that if a detailed proposal is submitted to them they will definitely examine it and introduce rail freight service from the region in the near future. \"We have to get a detailed proposal first from the concerned sectors. If feasible we will definitely go ahead with it,\" said a senior Southern Railway official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16563579", "title": "Fed up with corruption, Obra MLA mulls quitting politics", "text": "PATNA: Being a legislator is holding a lucrative position, they say. Som Prakash does not agree. The cop-turned-first term MLA is so disappointed that he is seriously considering to quit politics as well as the assembly since he is not ready to sit idle and remain a mute spectator to rampant corruption.\"Neither my conscience will allow me to do this nor history will forgive me if I cannot do anything and only play with the sentiments of people,\" Prakash, the independent MLA from Obra constituency in Aurangabad district, told TOI on Wednesday.Prakash had sought voluntary retirement from police service in 2010 to contest assembly election. He was known as an honest and disciplined junior police officer, and wanted to fight corruption as a legislator.\"What frustrated me the most is that the entire system is corrupt and there is nobody to listen. Those who are plundering are important component of the system. The democratic system is dominated by bureaucracy and it is suicidal for democracy. I fail to understand how to play my role in this system,\" said the dejected MLA.\"As a policeman I had an executive job and as an MLA I have legislative role. It was not very difficult to arrest a culprit as a policeman, but as an MLA it is impossible to take action against the culprits despite knowing about their acts of omission and commission,\" the 40-year-old legislator lamented, adding that government staff openly demand bribe and nothing moves without greasing their palms.He said once he met CM Nitish Kumar and told him about the corrupt practices openly going on in the public distribution system (PDS). \"The CM took cognizance of my complaints and personally asked food and consumer protection minister Shyam Rajak to look into it. But what happened next was more heartbreaking,\" he said.Prakash recalled that in his constituency he called a meeting of PDS dealers and asked them not to give bribe to any official. One dealer, Ramji Yadav of Daudnagar, refused to give bribe and he was punished with termination of his dealership. When Yadav sought refund of the security money of Rs 70,000, he was asked to pay a bribe of Rs 20,000, he said with pain writ large on his face.\"There is no use continuing with this job when I cannot protect people's interests and fight corruption,\" said Prakash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh ", "code": "16570500", "title": "Chandigarh civic body to offer anti-rabies vaccine at subsidised rates", "text": "Chandigarh : After the decision in full general house meeting last month to provide anti-rabies vaccination to the dog bite victims at subsidies rates, city mayor Rajbala Malik will launch in scheme on Friday morning. A special program in this regard will be held at civil dispensary in sector 19.According to the decision taken in the general house meeting the civic body authority will give 80% subsidy to the dog bite victims and rest 20 percent vaccination charges will be borne by the victims themselves. Though, BJP councillor Arun Sood demanded for hundred percent free vaccinations to the dog bite victims, as the authority has completely failed to stop the stray dog menace in the city, but city mayor and municipal commissioner said that they have limited fund for the purpose.Sector 19 based civil dispensary is the only dispensary is the only dispensary in Chandigarh, Panchkula and Mohali, where victims of dog bite, cat bite, rabbit bite, snake bite and victims of other animal bites come. Therefore, it was already been decided by the general house and not only the victims of Chandigarh, subsidies vaccination will be given to every victim weather he or she belongs to city or not.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16564570", "title": "Police arrested person who created a fake email ID of Congress leader Rajiv Arora", "text": "JAIPUR: Three months after a person had created a fake email ID of Congress leader Rajiv Arora and used it to get some transfer done in the education department, the Ashok Nagar police have arrested the accused on Tuesday afternoon.The accused, identified as Rakesh Sharma , a resident of Bikaner was posted in the education department, Bikaner. He had initially created a fake email ID and claiming himself to be Congress leader Arora, he had written to the chief secretary, CK Mathew asking for a transfer.\"When Mathew spoke to Arora to confirm if he had sought this transfer, the later denied. That's when Arora came to know that his fake gmail ID is been created . During then he had lodged a case and urged investigations,\" said an officer with the Ashok Nagar police station.In the investigations it was found that Sharma had sent 4 desire letters from the fake email Id to chief secretary CK Mathew seeking transfer for himself. \"His repeated letters in quick succession has raised alarm bell followed by verbal confirmation on his letters by chief secretary office to Arora,\" police added.DCP South Don K Jose later hired one Mukesh Chaudhary, a cyber crime expert for the cyber assistance. \"I helped them in tracing two locations from mail was sent - government education office Bikaner and cyber cafe in Bikaner and one mobile number,\" he added.Soonafter finding the location the police put various pressures on the accused for arrest. On Tuesday Sharma appeared before a trial court and sought anticipatory bail. \"The court rejected the bail and we arrested him from the court premises itself,\" an officer added.It may be recalled that Sharma had sent the said email on June, 11 and later Arora lodged an FIR on June, 19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16566060", "title": "It was short-lived bonhomie", "text": "BANGALORE: Minutes before the start of party's general body meeting on Wednesday, warring leaders KPCC president G Parameshwara and treasurer Shamanur Shivashankarappa declared: '' All Izz Well.'' But the bonhomie was for public consumption.Tension had been building over the past few days with Parameshwara cautioning Shivashankarappa against staying away from meetings and the latter lobbying in New Delhi for the KPCC president's post.Parameshwara and Shivashankarappa hugged each other and declared they have been good friends for 30 years. '' He is like my elder brother,'' said Parameshwara, while Shivashankarappa returned the warmth. An hour later, Shivashankarappa made a quiet exit with his supporters PM Ashok, BC Patil, KC Kondaiah and VS Ugrappa, among others.Ironically, all speakers, be it former Union ministers Janardhana Poojary, CK Jaffer Sharief or AICC secretary Shantaram Naik, spoke about the need for unity to assume power in the 2013 assembly polls.A senior party leader who associated himself with Janata Parivar earlier remarked: '' In Congress, fireworks don't happen in the open. Things happen behind the scenes. Even if you are unhappy, you have to keep quiet. It's a matter of survival.''Shivashankarappa, who has been KPCC treasurer for 12 years, attended just two party meetings of the total 14 held in a year or so.Being aware of the leaders' infighting, a worker had distributed pamphlets in which he had urged the leaders not to fight over caste. It was an obvious reference to the dalit vs Lingayat factionalism in the party.IN CONGRESS CAMPKPCC president G Parameshwara said the forthcoming assembly elections will witness an end to 'Delhi lobbying' by state Congressmen. He said candidates will be selected by KPCC and the list sent to the party poll panel for approval. '' Everything will be done here. I appeal to all the leaders and the aspirants not to go to Delhi,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "16565652", "title": "Alva's Nudisiri Dharwad unit launch on September 29", "text": "DHARWAD: As part of the inaugural ceremony of the district unit of Alva's Nudisiri, a special cultural programme will be held at JSS College premises here on September 29. Speaking to reporters here on Wednesday, Harish K Adoor, media relations officer of Alva's Education Foundation, Moodabidri, said on the decennial year of celebrations of Alva's Nudisiri, the annual cultural mega event being held at Moodabidri, the foundation has decided to launch units of Alva's Nudisiri in all districts. The district units of Alva's Nudisiri have already been launched in Tumkur, Mysore, Mandya, Chikmagalur and Udupi districts. Senior journalist Patil Puttappa will inaugurate the Dharwad district unit. SDM Education Society vice-president N Vajrakumar will preside over the inaugural session. MP Prahlad Joshi, MLA Chandrakant Bellad and others will be present. The inauguration of the Davanagere district unit and Gadag district unit will be held on September 28 and 30 respectively. The foundation will launch the Alva's Nudisiri units in areas that have a potential to strengthen the cultural, literary and linguistic activities with special focus on students and youth. These units will function in association with local organizations. Various cultural events including Purulia lion dance of West Bengal, Bharatanatyam, Mohiniyattam, Kathak, Banjara dance of Andhra Pradesh, Rasalila, stick dance, Dol Chalam, Lavani dance of Maharashtra, peacock dance of Sri Lanka, Badagu Thittu and Tenku Thittu Yakshagana, puppet show, shadow show and other such forms would be performed on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "mumbai/new delhi", "code": "16562136", "title": "Maharashtra crisis: Chavan's bid to corner NCP may have backfired", "text": "MUMBAI/NEW DELHI: The Congress rejected the possibility of a leadership change in Maharashtra, insulating chief minister Prithviraj Chavan from the political fallout of NCP leader Ajit Pawar's resignation. However, sources say Pawar's move to quit indicates that Chavan's gambit to keep the NCP under pressure in the state has backfired.Chavan had announced in March that his government will soon come out with a comprehensive white paper on the status of irrigation projects in Maharashtra. It was also proposed to ask the CBI to discreetly conduct a probe into the Gosikhurd irrigation project and a key power project, both financed by the Centre. But surprisingly, neither was the white paper published nor were the projects referred to the CBI.In fact Chavan, though seen as lacking a mass base, has a clean image and had managed to put the NCP in an uncomfortable situation on the corruption issue. The string of allegations against NCP ministers, from Sunil Tatkare to Chhagan Bhujbal to Ajit Pawar, led to allegations that the CM was trying to malign the image of the alliance partner.In March, when Peasants and Workers Party leader Ganpatrao Deshmukh and leader of opposition Eknath Khadse criticized the dismal performance of the irrigation department, Chavan promised the white paper. The NCP took a serious view of the announcement. \"It was Chavan's deliberate attempt to defame the NCP for obvious political reasons,'' a senior NCP minister said.Subsequent cabinet meetings saw a war of words between the Congress and NCP over the white paper. Later, irrigation minister Tatkare said he will bring out a white paper, but there was a debate on its timeframe. Congress ministers demanded it should cover 1999-2011 when the irrigation portfolio was with the NCP, while the NCP felt 1995-1999 be included.A senior Congress minister said the main objective of the white paper was to expose the NCP's corruption in the irrigation department, but since no steps were taken to publish it, now the NCP has an upper hand. \"We failed to expose the NCP. Had we published the white paper, we would have known the exact cost escalations. We also failed to take note of a crucial letter by senior engineer Vijay Pandhare. We woke up only after the Times of India exposed the Rs 35,000-crore irrigation scam,'' he said.\"In our opinion, it was Ajit Pawar's master stroke to resign. Now even if Chavan comes out with a white paper, it will have no relevance since he has missed the target,'' he said.But while the NCP sees Chavan as villain, the Congress ruled out a leadership change . Asked about rumours that the NCP favoured a change of CM, AICC spokesman Rashid Alvi said in New Delhi, \"There is no question of a leadership change in Maharashtra.\"While this is the first time Ajit Pawar is under pressure, Chavan weathered a scare earlier this year. When Sharad Pawar boycotted cabinet meetings in July, his pique was attributed to Chavan's non-cooperative attitude. Pawar relented when the Centre agreed to form a UPA coordination committee, but the CM change issue remained unresolved, with Chavan firmly in saddle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16564078", "title": "Wives cheer with \u2018star appeal\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Taking the momentum forward, wives of those testing their skills in SJOBA T-10 Night Cricket cheered on as the men took to the pitch on Wednesday.Apart from the usual applause, family members motivated the SJOBA stars by comparing their cricketing styles to cricket legends like Kapil Dev and M S Dhoni.Thrilled that her husband is playing a different sport than his usual badminton, Malvika Sharma, wife of Vikram Sharma of '92 batch says, \"This is the first time I have come to see the tournament. While I have seen my husband play badminton, watching him play cricket is an altogether refreshing experience.\" She adds, \"I feel Vikram's style of bowling resembles that of legend Kapil Dev.\"Parul Khanna, sister of Arjun of '08 batch, believes that she is her brother's lucky charm and had to be here for the match. She says, \"On Tuesday, I came to see the match and Arjun's team won. Today also I came to see the match and they won again!\" Parul's favourite player in the Indian cricket team is Virat Kohli.Proud to see her brother perform brilliantly on the ground, Sejal Gupta, sister of Nitish of '09 batch says, \"I'm impressed by the managing committee of this tournament \u2014 it almost looks like a professional match and the players too have practiced their game well. On Wednesday, when Nitish hit a six, he reminded me of Sehwag.\"Henna Singh, a friend of Ranjit Bajaj of '95 batch, is a regular to these matches. She says, \"I have been coming to the city to see these matches for the past three years. Ranjit is the captain of his team and seeing him play is as exciting as seeing Dhoni's game.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "16563832", "title": "Vote power pushes govt to cut electricity bills", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: With an eye on forthcoming elections, the Gujarat government on Wednesday extended the last date of applying for the waiver scheme of outstanding electricity bills by three months. The decision is expected to benefit thousands of farmers who use high-capacity electricity pumps to suck out groundwater for irrigation.Announcing the decision, minister of state for energy Saurabh Patel said, \"Earlier the state government had announced a waiver scheme for the outstanding electricity bills, and the last date of applying for receiving the benefit was September 30, 2012. Now, a decision has been taken to extend the scheme up to December 31.\"The scheme, announced by chief minister Narendra Modi in a public rally, had three components. The below poverty line (BPL) consumers are to be given full waiver of outstanding amount of electricity bills. As for farmers, they will be given full waiver of outstanding agriculture electricity bills up to Rs 5,000.The farmers with an outstanding electricity bill above Rs 5,000 are to be allowed to make maximum payment of Rs 5,000. The remaining amount will be waived. However, for the farmers to avail of the benefit, they have to apply for the scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16566365", "title": "Fans eager to be enchanted by Rowling\u2019s next", "text": "LUDHIANA: Those who didn't believe in the magical world of Harry Potter were renounced as mere \"Muggles\", or 'normal' people. Such was the wizardry of British author J K Rowling, whose series of seven Harry Potter fantasy novels went onto become the best-selling of all times. After captivating the world with Harry Potter, Rowling is all set to enchant them with her new book 'The Casual Vacancy', which is already making news for its significantly 'different' content.Eagerly waiting for the book to come out, 38-year-old Ritu Batish, an English teacher residing in BRS Nagar, said, \"J K Rowling is known for enthralling her readers with creativity and I hope this book meets that standard. Though I read in her interview that the book is totally different from what she has been writing for past seven years in the Harry Potter series, I am eagerly waiting the new black comedy.\"With a few bits and bites of the book having leaked online, it seems to have caught the attention of readers, and experts say it's bound to be a run-away success. With Ludhiana not too blessed when it comes to good book stores, many city readers are ordering \"The Casual Vacancy\" online.Raman Kumar, book in charge at 'Book Cafe' in Sarabha Nagar, said, \"Though our clients not as excited about the Harry Potter series as they once used to be, we are not taking any chances and have placed orders for the latest book.\" For avid reader Kitty Bakshi, who is also an active member of a book club, Rowling's experiment with a new genre is something to look forward to. \"I read about the book online and have already booked it,\" said the Rajguru Nagar resident.Having enjoyed the success of writing the best selling Harry Potter series, British author J K Rowling is back with 'The Casual Vacancy', which is already making news for its significantly 'different' content.\"I have been a great fan of the Harry Potter series and it's exciting to read something different from Rowling,\" said commerce graduate Anindya Joshi, a resident of Sarabha Nagar.For HR executive Preeti Kakkar, the Harry Potter 'legacy' is something that she inherited from her young daughter. \"I heard about the book from my daughter, who is a huge Potter fan right from her teenage years. Now that the author has turned to serious writing, I too will be buying the book. Rowling is known for her magical world, I am excited to read what she writes when tackling the reality,\" this BRS Nagar resident said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16565098", "title": "Festival push for nature worship", "text": "RANCHI: Tribals in traditional attire danced to the tunes of regional songs on the occasion of Karma Puja on Wednesday. The festival is celebrated in almost every locality and in some educational institutions in the state and harps on the importance of nature worship. The festival also celebrates the love between brothers and sisters, somewhat like raksha bandhan.The main programme was organized at the tribal language department of Ranchi University. \"During the festival, a resolution is taken by the people to not to cut down trees. On this auspicious day, all sisters keep a fast praying for a long life for their brothers. If everyone celebrates this festival, we can have peace and harmony in society,\" said RU vice-chancellor, L N Bhagat.Deputy chief minister Hemant Soren said the festival brought people close to nature. \"People worship the Karma tree on this day. The late Ram Dayal Munda had played a key role and wanted the present generation to carry forward his legacy and fulfill his dreams,\" he said.The vice-chancellor of the Central University of Jharkhand, D T Khathing, promised to open a department of music and performing arts. \"Culture will be a thrust area. We always talk of eco-conservation and this festival is the best example of nature conservation,\" he said.Carol Babiracki, a professor of Syracuse University's department of art and music histories, who is here to pursue her research on Mundari music and dance, regaled the audience by playing the flute and dancing with the Mundari troupe. \"Jharkhand is an example of unity and diversity and that is what karma means to me. And I am enjoying this festival,\" she said.A student of Ranchi University said she kept a fast for her brother on Wednesday. \"I stay in the hostel. But I will be praying for him,\" said Parvati Hassa, who also performed a Nagpuri dance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16565833", "title": "BJP wants forest minister to resign over rhino deaths", "text": "GUWAHATI: BJP national vice-president Bijoya Chakraborty has sought the resignation of forest minister Rockybul Hussain for a series of rhino deaths due to poaching at Kaziranga National Park.\"Poachers are killing rhinos at Kaziranga with impunity. This has exposed the minister's utter failure in stopping poaching at the World Heritage Site. Rockybul Hussain should immediately resign owning responsibility,\" Chakraborty said here on Wednesday.On Tuesday, the BJP wrote to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh highlighting the failure of the state government in curbing poaching of rhinos in Kaziranga. Chakraborty has asked the Prime Minister to intervene to stop rhino killings. She added that 14 rhinos have been killed for their horns so far this year.She said 292 rhinos have been killed by poachers in Kaziranga since 2001 in the tenure of chief minister Tarun Gogoi. \"Over 600 animals, including large number of hog deer and rhinos, have been killed in floods. On top of that poachers are killing rhinos. But sadly we haven't seen any proactive steps from the government to curb poaching. Kaziranga is the pride of Assam and it should be protected at any cost,\" said Chakraborty.She claimed that people with suspected citizenship are residing in over four lakh hectares of land around Kaziranga. The BJP vice president has also criticized the chief minister for his Japan visit at this time of crisis. \"The state is in serious crisis because of floods and it is very unfortunate that the chief minister is not in the state. Even when the state was hit by severe floods in June this year, Gogoi was abroad. This shows the CM is least concerned about the misery of people in the state,\" alleged Chakraborty.Meanwhile, forest minister Rockybul Hussain came down heavily on his detractors saying there is a conspiracy to malign him. \"There is a conspiracy to malign me by accusing me of being a failure as a forest minister,\" Hussain said.He also informed that principal chief conservator of forest (wildlife) Suresh Chand has been entrusted to conduct an inquiry into the rhino poaching incidents in Kaziranga. He also said that forest officials will hold meeting with the SPs of all the districts adjoining Kaziranga for stopping poaching of park animals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16563836", "title": "Explain steps taken to remove controversial film from internet, Bombay HC asks Maharashtra govt", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay HC on Wednesday directed the state government to file an affidavit stating the steps it has taken for removal of the controversial film 'Innocence of Muslims' from internet search engines.A division bench of Justice Sharad Bobde and Justice Rajesh Ketkar was hearing a petition filed by Ameen Idrisi, also seeking order that an FIR be registered against co-founders of Google Corporation and all those associated with the film.Idrisi's advocate Ejaz Naqvi argued that the issue is about \"net bombs'' and attacks on Muslims. \"We are facing attacks on our prophet, saying the prophet is false. The film has hurt our religious feelings.''The judges were informed that the film was uploaded on YouTube by respondent Nakoula Basseley Nakoula, also known as Sam Bacile. The judges noticed that the plea mentioned Bacile's occupation as terrorism. They reprimanded Naqvi for using words like \"bombs'' and \"terrorism'' in the petition. Naqvi said, \"Terrorism is a social word.'' But Justice Bobde said, \"There is nothing social about it (terrorism). Don't use words irresponsibly.''Public prosecutor Revati Mohite-Dere said an FIR has been registered by the cyber police station. She said letters were written to Google, after which 7 of the 10 websites were deleted. \"For the rest, an order was obtained from a magistrate's court, which has been forwarded to Google. Two websites are still active,'' she said. She also said 11 more websites were detected. \"All 11 have been deleted. We are in the process of issuing a letter rogatory through the ministry (of external affairs),'' she said. The case will be heard on October 10, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16564687", "title": "Police intensify search for Durai Dhayanidhi", "text": "MADURAI: Police have intensified the search for Durai Dhayanidhi Alagiri, son of Union chemicals and fertilisers minister, after the Madurai bench of the Madras high court refused to grant bail him bail in the multi-crore granite scam.\"So far, 54 people, including P Palanisamy, owner of PRP Exports have been arrested in connection with the illegal granite scam. We are searching for 50 more men including the minister's son,\" said a senior police official.Dhayanidhi Alagiri, a partner in Olympus Granites, one of the granite companies accused in the scam, has been evading arrest for the past two months since a case had been registered against him on various charges, including cheating and theft. Soon after the case was registered, Dhayanidhi moved an anticipatory bail plea stating that he ceased to be a partner in Olympus Granites in 2010 itself, but the bail plea was rejected.While former Madurai collector U Sagayam in his report said that Olympus Granites had quarried 1,824 cubic metre granite illegally worth Rs 5.47 crore, the official team constituted by collector Anshul Mishra later found out that the company had illegally gained Rs 44 crore.The advocates of Dhayanidhi Alagiri said that they would peruse the judgment denying bail and then decide on the next course of action.Police said that they have constituted six special teams to nab the absconding accused. Besides Dhayanidhi Alagiri, the bail application of his business partner S Nagarajan, owner of Sindhu Granites, T K Selvraj and that of his son who are on the run were also denied.\"We have intensified the search for these accused after the court orders came. We have sent teams to Chennai in search of them,\" the police officer said.Meanwhile, police on Wednesday arrested an employee of Olympus Granites. Continuing the crackdown on the accused in the illegal granite scam, police arrested Selvakumar, an accountant in the granite firm. He was produced in the Melur judicial magistrate court and sent to the prison after he was remanded till October 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16565635", "title": "Need to strengthen nation's security: Shobha Karandlaje", "text": "MANGALORE: \"There is a need to strengthen the security of country, because according to the intelligence department, thousands of Pakistanis and Bangladeshis are residing illegally in Bangalore,\" said Shobha Karandlaje, minister for energy here on Wednesday. She was addressing the gathering during a special seminar for college girls' students, organized by Ramkrishna Mutt as part of 150th birth anniversary of Swami Vivekananda. \"Today's terrorists have become medicine, MBA and engineering graduates and there are instances of students of Mangalore University supporting Naxalites. There is a need to strengthen education system to provide good education in the country. Several rehabilitated Naxalites have confessed that they had become Naxalites due to bad education system, casteism and harassment of officers in government offices,\" she said. Stating that syllabus should be framed in a secular manner, she said today politicians are into vote bank politics. Sharing her experience of visiting Manasarovar recently, the minister said, \"We gave Manasarovar to China after we got freedom from British. Today Chinese treats us like beggars in Manasarovar.\" Criticising a former prime minister without disclosing the name, she alleged that 25 years ago Indian soldiers urged the government to allow them to setup a camp on a high altitude hill to monitor illegal infiltrators from Bangladesh. \"But instead of handing over that hill to soldiers, sadly the government handed over the hill to Bangladesh,\" she alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16563267", "title": "Another dharna halts Lucknow traffic", "text": "LUCKNOW: It was another traffic nightmare in the state capital on Wednesday. More than 25,000 gram pradhans gathered in protest at the Dharna Sthal opposite Vidhan Bhawan to press their demands, creating insufferable traffic snarls. As the gram pradhans shouted slogans and police and PAC personnel struggled to keep them in check, traffic went haywire.Bapu Bhawan and GPO, the busiest crossings on the Vidhan Sabha Marg, were jammed with commuters. To keep the crossings clear, traffic cops were not allowing the public transport vehicles halt at their designated stops, leaving daily commuters harried.\"I have been waiting for the last half an hour for a transport to Gomtinagar in this humid weather,\" said Rahul Kumar, at GPO. People crossing from one side of the road to the other, in groups, added to the chaos. \"Traffic jam takes place every time there is a dharna,\" rued Seema, student of Lalbagh Girls' college waiting for public transport at Bapu Bhawan. Drivers of city buses, were reluctant to stop in the congestion to pick up commuters.Not just by the protesters, flow of traffic was obstructed also by hordes of spectators. Many parked their vehicles to get a view as the protesters scuffled with the cops. The road outside the Darul Shafa and Vidhan Sabha gates was jammed by protesters, police, spectators and vehicles which had ferried the gram pradhans to dharna sthal, leaving little space for movement of traffic.It is a common sight on any day on Vidhan Sabha Marg, as there is hardly a day when there is not a rally or a dharna being staged. The sea of unruly mob on the roads gives commuters a tough time, finding it impossible to make their way out of a long queue of vehicles.On Wednesday, the only respite was that traffic was not diverted through Bapu Bhawan, like on most of the days when Vidhan Sabha route is blocked. \"It was not a problem when dharna sthal was shifted away from here,\" said an agitated commuter Shahid.The district administration is aware of difficulties faced by people due to such agitations almost every day. \"We will take measures to do away with public inconvenience caused due to dharnas and agitations,\" said district magistrate Anurag Yadav. Besides inconvenience to public, it is a trouble for district administration to control protests every other day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16569999", "title": "Every comedy cannot be a rom-com: Neeru", "text": "For an actress who heralded the romcom genre in Punjabi films with 'Jatt &amp; Juliet', Neeru Bajwa says every film she would pursue now need not fall into the same genre. Clarifying that the upcoming 'Pinky Moge Wali' is not 'yet another romcom', Neeru says the film is a, \"Masala, more than a romantic comedy alone.\" Though the tenor of the film is light, Neeru says Pinky is not another Juliet . \"It has all ingredients of a typical entertainer, but it doesn't go the same way as Jatt &amp; Juliet,\" she adds. Loaded with three item numbers, the first for a Punjabi script, Pinky , directed by Vikram Dhillon, gives Neeru more reason to rejoice as she gets to dance as an item in Punjabi cinema too. Yet, the film does more than just illicit a few laughs. \"It also touches upon the story of a girl who is neglected by her father in its undertone but this serious issue is fitted well within the entertaining framework of the script so that it doesn't become heavy,\" she says about the film where she is cast opposite Gavie Chahal. While one would assume this Juliet has her hands full with films after the overwhelming response to J&J; , Neeru is sauntering at leisure. \"No, I am not doing five films at a time. I prefer doing one. And soon after the release of Pinky, I am getting into the production of Jatt &amp; Juliet 2 and will be off to Canada for the shooting,\" she says. This sequel will cast the same set of actors, where Neeru is paired with Diljit Dosanjh. \"You can't think of J&J; without Diljit now, can you?\" she smiles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16572742", "title": "Samsung launches Galaxy Note II in India", "text": "NEW DELHI: Samsung's much-awaited Galaxy Note II phablet has launched in India. The company launched the device at a press event in Hyderabad today, just a day after it was rolled out in Samsung's home country South Korea. Samsung Galaxy Note II is priced at Rs 39,990 in India.The Galaxy Note II, with its 5.5-inch HD SuperAMOLED display, is slightly bigger than the original Galaxy Note, which had a 5.3-inch touchscreen. This device runs on Android 4.1 (Jelly Bean), the latest version of Google's mobile operating system, layered with the company's TouchWiz UI. The phablet has a quad-core 1.6GHz Cortex A-9 processor with 2GB of RAM and will come in 16, 32 and 64GB variants, with support for microSD card having capacity of up to 64GB.For camera enthusiasts, Samsung has assimilated an 8MP snapper with LED flash on the rear, whereas the secondary camera has resolution of 1.9MP. The rear camera can capture full HD videos at 1080p@30fps and comes with features like geo-tagging, touch focus, face and smile detection, image stabilisation.Connectivity options of the Samsung Galaxy Note II include 4G, 3G, 2G, Wi-Fi, NFC, USB 2.0 and Bluetooth 4.0. The company has also provided proprietary connectivity features in the device, such as Samsung AllShare Play &amp; Control and Samsung AllShare Cast. The phablet it powered by a 3,100mAh battery and will come in two colours - titanium grey and marble white.Recently, post the launch of iPhone 5 worldwide, Samsung slashed the prices of the top-end products it sells in India, namely Galaxy S III, S II and Note.Early last week, Samsung started taking pre-orders for the device on its India estore. Those users who pre-ordered the device have to make full payment for the Galaxy Note II within 15 days of launch, otherwise the booking will be cancelled and the sum of Rs 5,000 will not be refunded.Galaxy Note II will be shipped on first-come-first-serve basis for those who booked it in advance, depending on the timing for completing the full payment. The South Korean manufacturer will ship a free desktop dock with the Galaxy Note II for free to those who pre-order the device early. Only those who make full payment within the first three days of the launch of the phablet will be given the free desktop dock.Key specifications:Display: 5.5-inch HD SuperAMOLED touchscreen; Operating system: Android 4.1 (Jelly Bean); Processor: Quad-core 1.6GHz Cortex A-9; Storage: 16, 32 and 64GB, expandable up to 64GB via microSD card; RAM: 2GB; Connectivity: 4G, 3G, 2G, Wi-Fi, NFC, USB 2.0 and Bluetooth 4.0, Samsung AllShare Play &amp; Control and Samsung AllShare Cast; Camera: 8MP rear camera with LED flash, 1.9MP front camera; and Battery: 3,100mAh", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16567522", "title": "Anil Kapoor almost killed John Abraham on Monday", "text": "While filming the climax of Shootout At Wadala, cop Kapoor's shooting act got a bit too real and injured gangster JohnIn 1993, the late kung-fu icon Bruce Lee's 28-year-old son Brandon was killed in a mishap that occurred on the sets of his film, The Crow, in Wilmington, N.C. A blank bullet generally used only to simulate gunfire while filming, propelled a bullet that was lodged in the rifle earlier, killing the actor. A similar incident, fortunately not fatal, took place on Monday night on the sets of Sanjay Gupta's Shootout At Wadala at Haffkine Institute. John Abraham , who plays gangster Manya Surve in the Balaji Motion Pictures film, escaped death while filming a gunfire scene.The makers were busy shooting the climax. The gun-effects team hired for the film goofed up, and Anil Kapoor , who plays cop Isaque Bagwan, shot a blank bullet (minus metallic lead) that was meant to be shot from a minimum distance of 15 feet, from a distance of only 1.5 feet.The shot burst into flames as planned, but due to the close range, hit Abraham with higher intensity (almost ten times) than it was supposed to.However, thanks to Kapoor's bad aim, John did not get hit in the middle of his neck. The bullet simply grazed the left side of his neck. But due to the momentum, John, who was crouching for the scene, fell to his right side.Needless to say, the unit was shocked. \"There was utter panic all around. Everybody realised what could have happened if Kapoor timed his shot well. Gupta screamed and demanded an explanation for the miscalculation of distance,\" a source from the sets told TOI.When contacted, Kapoor confirmed the incident and added, \"John was very fortunate and sporting.\" As for Abraham, he simply said, \"It would have been all over for me on September 23. I still can't believe that I am alive.\"A doctor was summoned on the sets to attend to Abraham, whose ears were \"ringing for 24 hours\" after the accident.\"My neck was burnt and the wound is still there on my collar bone. It hurts. But I am carrying out my day-to-day work pretending as if nothing has happened. I shall definitely take a long time to forget what happened at Haffkine Institute. If you ask me whose fault it is, I would only say that everything happened in the heat of the moment. Nobody expected the intensity and the velocity of those blank bullets. I think I should have checked Mr Kapoor's gun. I always check and double-check my guns if I am doing any firing scene. I am agnostic but I now feel that there is God up there,\" Abraham added.The director was speechless. \"I don't know what to say. When I think of it, it sends shivers down my spine,\" he told us.We learnt that the scene, which almost killed John has been retained. A retake was not taken. There were no retakes for that one.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16564132", "title": "Instant kits to detect adulteration in 'khoya'", "text": "PUNE: The Food and Drugs Administration (FDA) will use an instant detection kit to check adulteration of any form in 'khoya' (also called khawa) and sweets. This will help save a lot of time and ensure stricter compliance since samples sent for laboratory tests take days to confirm adulteration, if any. The aim is to check malpractices during festive season and prevent sale of substandard food products in Pune and adjoining districts.\"Food safety officials can now use testing kits to find out adulteration in khoya and mithais on the spot. If the instant screening reveals that the product is adulterated, then a sample of it will be taken for record and the rest will be destroyed right away,\" said FDA joint commissioner (food) Shashikant Kekare, on Wednesday.The on-the-spot food product testing kit uses solutions such as tincture of iodine and sulphuric acid. \"A few drops of tincture of iodine can test the quality of khoya. If khoya turns bluish, then it is adulterated. Another kit makes use of sulphuric acid to rule out adulteration,\" Kekare said.These tests are scientific, hence they are confirmatory. \"The instant detection mechanism will enable our officials to work efficiently and initiate instant action. This will automatically preclude long waits for laboratory reports,\" said Kekare.Adulteration is not only an unethical practice, but also a serious risk to human health. Presence of harmful starch, urea mixed milk, caustic soda, ararot, artificial sweetening chemicals, non-approved colored sweets (like heavy metals incorporated malachite green etc) and unhygienic conditions may lead to acute gastritis, serious diarrhoea, dysentery, dehydration, kidney inflammation, etc.The FDA in the neighbouring state of Gujarat has been using on-the-spot food product testing kit for quite sometime with great success. Their kit can detect 21 types of adulteration, such as urea in milk, argemone in oil, traces of metals in food, aluminium in place of silver foils, etc.During the last few days, FDA officials in Pune have collected 15 samples of khoya and 28 samples of mithai across Pune division and sent them for laboratory tests. \"The report is awaited. From Friday, our officials will start using the new kits. This will facilitate early detection of adulteration and help prevent their consumption,'\" said FDA assistant commissioner (food), S S Desai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16564153", "title": "Hope floats for Gangetic dolphins", "text": "New lease of life for the Gangetic dolphins of Uttar Pradesh. The state forest department has tied up with World Wildlife Fund (WWF-India) to conduct a detailed census of the gangetic dolphins and create awareness about them among local communities.\"We have got a good response from the local NGOs that have come forward to count dolphins,\" said Rupak De, PCCF (Wildlife). The last census of the gangetic dolphins in UP was done in 2005.\"To take up conservation measures, there is a need of current baseline information on dolphins,\" said Sandeep Behera, associate director, river basins and biodiversity programme, WWF-India.The department, along with WWF-India, released a report on gangetic dolphins, their existence and threat, on Tuesday.The three-day census and awareness campaign will begin on October 5, the day on dolphin was declared the national aquatic animal in 2009.At least 18 teams of NGOs and forest staff will count the dolphins on the basis of sightings.The census will be done in the Ganga and its tributaries.About 3,000 km river stretches will be surveyed to count the current population of the gangetic dolphins.UP has about 600 gangetic dolphins in the Ganga and its tributaries. The stretch of the Ganga between Narora (Bulandshahr) and Kanpur, and Yamuna between Delhi and Etawah has almost zero dophin population.High pollution levels and reduced water flow too has adversely impacted dolphin population in the state's rivers.The biggest threat to these dolphins is the construction of dams and barrages, high pollution levels and reduced water flow in rivers.As a result, the population of dolphins now exists in patches, and not in a continuous stretch in river systems.While the dolphin population in the Ganga and Yamuna has come down, rivers like Ghaghra, Gerua and Chambal are still a favourable habitat for them.WWF-India is funding the census and awareness programme in UP.After the census, WWF-India will prepare a detailed action plan for the conservation of dolphins.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16561887", "title": "NCP hits out at Vijay Pandhare", "text": "MUMBAI: In damage-control mode, the NCP launched an offensive against chief engineer Vijay Pandhare, whose allegations of corruption in irrigation projects forced NCP leader Ajit Pawar to quit. Party spokesperson Nawab Malik quoted a July 26, 2001, report, where then executive director of the Tapi Irrigation Development Corporation, M K Kulkarni, had questioned Pandhare's state of mind while refuting allegations made by him regarding poor quality of the dam. Malik also leaked a February 20, 2012, handwritten note written by Pandhare to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, questioning its contents.Under fire over allegations, the party, said sources, has decided to go on the offensive. The party is also planning to hit out at political opponents over the allegations made against it in days to come, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16565094", "title": "Infant raped on pavement in Kolkata, 3 detained", "text": "KOLKATA: The one-and-a-half-year old daughter of a Kolkata Police's home guard was allegedly raped at Park Street in the wee hours of Wednesday.The home guard, who was earlier a daily wage earner, got the job after he saved several lives during the Stephen Court blaze on March 23, 2010. Sources said he was on duty at the Police Training School on Tuesday night, while his wife was sleeping with her daughter on a Royd Street pavement, their regular dwelling.According to locals, when the mother woke up at 1.30am, she didn't find her daughter beside her. She raised an alarm and informed other pavement dwellers in front of the 27 Royd Street building. Accordingly, they started searching the toddler along the pavement and adjacent areas. As the mother failed to trace the kid, she lodged a complaint with the Park Street police station at around 2.30am.After informing police, the mother and other pavement dwellers again started a search for the kid and finally spotted her inside the compound of 29 Royd Street - hardly 25 metres from the place where they were sleeping. After finding blood stains and nail marks all over the body, they took the baby to Chittaranjan National Medical College and Hospital where doctors confirmed sexual torture on her. \"There were wound marks on her private parts,\" said an officer. The condition of the kid started deteriorating and she was shifted to a private hospital in Park Street. Police said that the kid is still in a critical condition.Police have registered a case under section 376 (2) F (rape of a girl aged under 12). Cops have already started interrogating other pavement dwellers, but are yet to get any clue. Other pavement dwellers confirmed that the mother slept at around 9 on Tuesday night. None could provide any clue for police. TheThe police have also detained three pavement dwellers for interrogation.A few months ago, the same Park Street witnessed a rape in a moving car, which proved how the city roads are turning unsafe at night.Sanju Mullick, The mother of the victim in his early thirties is wife of Raju Mullick, a home guard of Kolkata Police. Raju who was a daily wage earner was awarded with the home guard job after he saved several lives during Stephen court blaze on March 23, 2010. Forty -three persons were charred to death in that blaze.The Mullicks used to stay on the pavement - in front of 27 Royed Street - close to Park Street. On Tuesday night, Raju was on night duty at Police Training School. Sanju slept around 9 pm along with her daughter.Around 1.30 am, when she woke up, found her daughter missing. She raised an alarm and informed other pavement dwellers. Initially they did not suspect anything wrong. They started a search along the pavement and adjacent areas but failed to find the kid. Then they informed Park Street police station around 2.30 am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16563419", "title": "Only 50% BEST buses to run on Saturday", "text": "MUMBAI: The BEST will cut down its fleet strength on the roads by nearly 50% on the final day of Ganesh immersions on Saturday. It will also stop plying AC buses on most routes from Saturday afternoon.BEST public relations officer Vijay Vaidya said, \"On the final day of Ganesh visarjan, a lot of roads are closed for traffic. There are also diversions on several routes and this affects movement of our buses. The number of bus passengers is usually less on the last day of the festival.\"Vaidya said the BEST has decided that after 2.30 pm on Saturday, it will run just about 50 % of the total fleet on the road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16563624", "title": "Another medical student from Russia caught with forged papers", "text": "CHENNAI: For the second time in less than a month, the Tamil Nadu State Medical Council has found a medical student from Russia applying for a doctor's licence with fake certificates. This time the candidate had failed to clear the mandatory screening test, but had managed to intern at a Delhi hospital and register with the Medical Council of India. It is not yet known if had cleared his medical exams in Russia.On Wednesday, the council called for an emergency executive committee meeting to discuss the issue. \"We have seized all his certificates. We will file a police complaint. We are also sending a notice to the MCI. If we hadn't verified the facts, we would have had two quacks practicing medicine in Tamil Nadu. There could be many more such candidates and we are asking for police help,\" said state medical council president Dr K Prakasam.Preliminary investigations found Basil Johnson Bosco was a student of the St Petersburg State Medical University, Russia, in 2010. Every student passing out of medical colleges in countries like Russia should clear a screening test in India and do a year's internship before they can begin practice. Bosco has a certificate that shows that he cleared the screening test in September 2010 and interned at a Delhi-based hospital. Based on his internship certificate, the MCI registered him as a doctor on January 24, 2012. This gives Bosco the licence to practice in India.However, it is mandatory for every doctor practicing in Tamil Nadu to also register with the state council. On July 24, he filed his application with the state medical council. The council sent his papers to the MCI for verification and, a month later, the MCI wrote back saying the candidate was genuine. On September 6, the council wrote to the National Board of Examination for verification of his FMGE certificate. \"They told us that he did not clear the exam. The exam number he had produced is that of another candidate who failed the test. Now we don't know how many of the letters we got from the MCI are genuine. Last time, a candidate managed to fake even the response from the MCI,\" said an official.A month ago, the council withdrew licence of another candidate who was found to have forged certificates. In February, a candidate called Sivakumar Subramanian had faked the MCI certificate and registration numbers. Subramanian had denied allegations. Bosco wasn't available for comment.MCI officials said they screen certificates of every student who comes with a medical degree from a foreign country. \"The student can't do internship here without their certificates being screened. We have filed complaints against several students for faking certificates. In this case, we are waiting for details,\" said MCI secretary Dr Sanjay Shrivastava.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16564730", "title": "Festive city awaits civic clean-up", "text": "RANCHI: Puja organizers have started erecting pandals, but the Ranchi Municipal Corporation is yet to get into the act of cleaning up the city for the festive days ahead.Overflowing garbage cans and clogged drains are a common site in the city. Only the main roads have got a clean-up touch, but the interiors are still as unclean as ever. In some areas, garbage dumps sit pretty right in front of pandals. \"If RMC does not do anything, we will clean up the place ourselves,\" said a member of a puja committee at Kokar, Madhukant Singh.Open drains and manholes are dangerous traps for the unwary traveller. Many areas, including Line Tank Road, Circular Road and Jail Road have open drains which can prove fatal during the festive rush. Prashant Mishra, a resident of Circular Road, said, \"It would be disaster if a reveler slips and falls into a drain. The corporation should immediately try to seal all of them.\"The deputy CEO of RMC, Gopalji Tiwari, said, \"A2Z Waste Management Company has been given the task of keeping the city clean and they have started their work.\"The public relations officer of A2Z, Ashish Saurabh, said four weeks are enough to clean up the city mess. \"We have asked supervisors of each area to let us know what help puja committees in those areas need. We will help them accordingly. RMS The work of cleaning the drainswill also begin soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16564152", "title": "Investors in realty sector too under I-T scanner", "text": "INDORE: After the realtors, now it is the turn of the investors who have heavily invested into properties as they are now under the scanner of the income tax (I-T) department. The investigation wing of the I-T department had conducted search at the 47 premises of 10 prominent realtors in the city in recent past and came across several investors.During search operations a number of 'diaries' have been found from the realtors by the I-T officers that have entries about properties booked by investors. 'Dairies' are used by the realtors as mark of selling off of their properties to the investors. Though they are purely unofficial documents sans stamp paper, still they are supposed to be authentic until the registration of properties. Hence, the people in the know say that the 'diaries', which have been seized by the department, are likely to reveal a host of information about the money invested by the people into the properties under question.In some of the cases, the realtors have tried to wash off their hands by pleading that they had maintained their books completely clean. However, they are unable to divulge the information on behalf of investors, said a person familiar with the development. A source said that in case of Royal, the builder has told the I-T sleuths that his books were clean and in case of any irregularity by the investors he should not be held responsible.Similarly, in case of DB City, it claims to have already sold off 200 luxury flats, each costing nearly Rs 1 crore. What happens is that the realtor first show the investors that 25% of property has been sold off including dummy customers. Secondly, they increase the rate of remaining properties.There are three realtors, including Jhaveri and Man, whose premises had already been surveyed by the assessment wing of the department within less than a year ago in which an amount of Rs 45 crore had been declared by the assesses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16565400", "title": "Sikh woman laughs off facial hair taunt", "text": "LONDON: A Sikh US student's dignified response to a tasteless post making fun of her facial hair has earned her a legion of fans.A man took a photo of Balpreet Kaur and uploaded onto Reddit in the 'funny' category with the tagline 'im (sic) not sure what to conclude from this', Daily Mail reported on Wednesday. The aspiring neurosurgeon discovered the picture - which shows her standing in a queue - and, instead of flying into a rage at the person behind the cheap dig, she posted a comment explaining why she didn't remove her hair.Balpreet, an Ohio State University student, said, \"I'm not embarrassed or even humiliated by the attention (negative and positve) that this picture is getting because, it's who I am. Yes, I'm a baptised Sikh woman with facial hair. Yes, I realize that my gender is often confused and I look different than most women.\"She refused to attack the person who had posted the photo, which many viewers accused of being mean and deliberately trying to draw laughs at Balpreet's expense. Balpreet said to the original poster that if he had wanted a picture he should have just asked and she would have smiled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16563841", "title": "ASP suspended for getting shoe-laces tied by constable", "text": "LUCKNOW: The director general of police (DGP) headquarters in Lucknow ordered suspension of an additional superintendent of police (ASP) posted in Agra late Tuesday night for getting his shoe-laces tied by a constable in public a few days back. The officer - ASP Traffic VN Tiwari has been attached to the Police Training Centre (PTC) at Chunar while an inquiry has been ordered into his conduct.Tiwari was clicked while he was getting his shoe-laces tied by a constable in full public view. The action came after the same photograph was published in local dailies in Agra. The photograph caught the attention of chief minister Akhilesh Yadav who then directed the DGP to probe into the entire episode and initiate action accordingly.After a preliminary inquiry, the DGP was informed that the photograph published in the newspapers was true following which the state police chief AC Sharma with the consent of the CM ordered the suspension of Tiwari with immediate effect late Tuesday night.However, in normal circumstances, a PPS officer when suspended is attached to the DGP headquarters in Lucknow till the inquiry into the reasons behind his suspension is completed and the matter is disposed off finally. But, in this case, Tewari was attached to the PTC Chunar on the directives of the state police chief. Sources said that during preliminary inquiry report, the police officer's action was described as inhuman and disrespectful gesture towards his subordinates which could not be overlooked, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16563422", "title": "40% kids saved by Childline in first six months this year were abuse victims", "text": "GURGAON: More than 40% of the cases in which Childline (1098) intervened during the first six months in 2012 in Gurgaon were related to child abuse. Among them, the sexual abuse cases of kids at Drone Foundation and Suparaana ka Aangan were the most infamous ones. Childline intervened in as many as 154 cases in the city, out of which 65 cases were reported under the category of \"rescue from abuse\", which may be physical, sexual or mental. This is followed by cases where children were provided shelter (39 cases). Subir Roy, director, programmes and projects, said, \"These cases are interrelated and rescued children from households are provided with shelter.\" However, Childline officials claimed that working in Haryana was an uphill task. Be it getting the medical tests of victims done or getting the accused arrested, things are difficult in the state. \"Even though police have now started filing FIRs in child-related cases more often, there is still need for more awareness and sensitivity among cops, said Rishi Kant, spokesperson of NGO Shakti Vahini, which runs Childline in Gurgaon. A case in point is the rescue of a minor girl from the house of a Sector 4-based doctor couple in August. The victim is a native of Gumla distrcit of Jharkhand. During counselling, the girl stated she was tortured by the doctor couple and was not being given proper food. An FIR was registered under the relevant section of the Juvenile Justice Act as well, but the culprits are still at large, said Kant. Notably, the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) had to summon senior bureaucrats from the Haryana government over rising sexual abuse cases in the state in May. The NCPCR had suggested interim as well as long-term measures to the Haryana government. The recommendations include preparation of the Social Investigation Report (SIR) of each rescued child and their schooling, among other things. The NCPCR also recommended mapping of all the childcare institutions in the districts. Kant said that child trafficking cases reported from the city were on the rise where minor victims were forced to work as domestic helps, labourers or sex workers and sometimes even forced into marriage. Kant blamed female foeticide and atrocities among women as the main causes for such a trend. Traffickers have reached the farthest of villages in Bihar, Jharkhand, West Bengal, Odisha and Assam and even Nepal to lure parents to part with their minor girls in exchange for good monthly income. However, once brought to the cities, they are made to work for long hours, are never paid and in many cases are sexually abused as well. Illegal placement agencies are rampant in Gurgaon and they need to be curbed. Missing cases follow those of trafficking. Shakti Vahini has recently written to the Haryana DGP to ensure that FIRs are promptly registered in such cases. Over 35 cases of missing children were repored where Childline intervened.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16563536", "title": "Centre delaying nod for state irrigation projects", "text": "PATNA: For want of nod from the Centre, the work on three major irrigation projects worth Rs 3,815 crore, earlier submitted to the Centre by state's water resources department (WRD) for its approval, has not yet started. There is also the fear of cost escalation of the projects concerned.The three major irrigation projects are the ambitious interlinking of Sakri and Nata rivers in Nawada district with initial estimate of Rs 540 crore, construction of second barrage on the river Gandak at Areraj in East Champaran district at a cost of Rs 2,000 crore and the construction of barrage across Bagmati river at Dheng in Sitamarhi district at cost of Rs 1,275 crore.\"The three projects are on the state government's priority list but the interlinking of the Sakri and Nata rivers is on top priority. We want early approval from the Centre,\" said WRD minister Vijay Kumar Choudhary. Incidentally, both CM Nitish Kumar and Choudhary had a detailed discussion on the matter with Union water resources minister Pawan Kumar Bansal when he visited the state on May 12 this year. Besides, Choudhary, since then, has also sent several letters to the Centre, seeking the clearance.If the Nata and Sakri rivers in Nawada district are interlinked, thousands of farmers of Nawada and its bordering districts will be hugely benefited as they will be provided with irrigation facility. When Sakri and Nata rivers' interlinking project was submitted to the Centre, its cost was Rs 540 crore. Now the situation is that if the Centre does not approve the project at the earliest, the cost incurred will definitely increase later, since the cost of materials has increased multi-fold, said water resources department (WRD) sources.As many as 68,000 hectares of land in Nawada, Sheikhpura and part of Jamui districts will have irrigational facility through the project. It is learnt that Central Water Commission (CWC) has already given its nod to preliminary project report (PPR) on the interlinking of the two rivers but approval to the detailed project report (DPR) with regard to the same is awaited.Similarly, the approval of CWC is awaited on the DPR with respect to the construction of barrage across Bagmati at Dheng in Sitamarhi district. Once completed, it will provide irrigation facility to farmers in the district, apart from mitigating the annual ravages caused by the flood.The second Areraj barrage will not only increase the Gandak command area but also provide stability to the east and west Gandak canal systems as it will help reaching water for irrigation at the tail end of the two canals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16562187", "title": "Spanco vendors threaten to stop work", "text": "NAGPUR: Eight vendors who handle operation and maintenance (O&M;) work of city power franchisee Spanco have served a notice that unless their dues are cleared by Friday evening, they would stop work. This has spread panic among local Spanco staffers as the company depends a lot on the vendors in operating the power network.A vendor told TOI that the dues of some vendors had crossed Rs 1 crore and they had not been paid a single paise since they started working for Spanco on May 1, 2011. The eight vendors - Elcon Engineers, Hindustan Engineering Corporation, A T Associates, S D Electricals, K Sons, Imperial Electric Company, G V Electricals and SSG Electricals - have stated in the notice that the general manager ( finance ) of Spanco has not responded to repeated communications regarding non-payment of monthly bills.The notice further states eight vendors need account reconciliation statements within 72 hours. Similarly, the dues accrued so far should be paid. The vendors have made it clear that they want full payment and would not accept part payment. They have demanded a meeting between them and top officials of Spanco and its new partner Essel Utilities within 72 hours so that payment of present dues and terms and conditions of payment of bills in future could be finalized.When contacted, a Spanco spokesperson said that Kamal Maheshwari, director (SPDL), would meet the vendors on Thursday and sort out the issues. \"We want to assure our consumers they will not face any inconvenience,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "civil lines", "code": "16566120", "title": "Rozy tops PU in MCom exams", "text": "CIVIL LINES: The commerce and business management department of Arya College, Civil Lines, is on cloud nine. As for the first time, an MCom student has topped the Panjab University.Rozy Jain, 21, a student of MCom (second semester) and daughter of businessman Shrikant Jain, has scored 83.4% in the examination held in April.A proud Rozy said, \"I got a call on Tuesday night from my head of the department A K Singhla. When he told me that I have topped the university, I was ecstatic... it was a dream-come-true moment for me. My teacher professor H R Saini, who has now retired, knew that one day I will make them proud.\" It's not only studies that keep her busy. She loves painting and listening to music too.With her professor Kamini Dehl her inspiration, the Sunder Nagar resident aspires to be a lecturer.\"It is a proud moment for all of us and calls for celebration. Rozy's hard work has paid off,\" said her sister Alka Jain, a corporate sector employee.College administrator Sudarshan Sharma, principal Dr R C Tejpal, professor Singla congratulated Rozy, Rohini Gupta \u2014 who has secured fourth rank in PU -- and 12 other students, who have passed with distinction.\"We hope our students will repeat the feat. Besides students, I congratulate the faculty who worked hard all through the session,\" said the principal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16563415", "title": "Police arrest two in LACCFED scam", "text": "LUCKNOW: The co-operative cell of the Uttar Pradesh Police probing into LACCFED scam arrested an executive engineer of Agra division and superintendent engineer and handed over the two to Mahanagar police late on Wednesday night. On the other hand, one of the prime accused and PRO of LACCFED, Praveer Kumar, surrendered before the district court in Lucknow.Sources said that those arrested by the cell were identified as executive engineer Agra division Sanjay Kumar and superintending engineer Ajay Kumar Dohre. The two had been handed over to Mahanagar police, circle officer Habibul Hasan said.It was only on Tuesday that sources had confirmed that the co-operative cell of the Uttar Pradesh Police was planning question Badshah Singh, the labour minister in the Bahujan Samaj Party government.The co-operative cell is all set to serve a notice on the former minister seeking his personal appearance before the investigators within the next 72 hours, sources had confirmed. The move follows revelation by a number of engineers and contractors, who had accused Badshah Singh of pocketing crores of rupees as bribe, which he had taken to ensure that they get multi-crore construction contracts through LACCFED. The minister however not only failed to live up to his promise, but also refused to refund the money as well despite regular reminders.\"At least two persons including an engineer and a contractor have alleged that they had given a hefty sum of money to Badshah Singh against his promise of awarding them contracts related to construction work worth crores of rupees,\" said a senior officer.\"Initially he told these individuals that he had forwarded the cash to senior politicians, but later on admitted before them that he had pocketed the entire sum himself. When the two started asking him for refund, he allegedly began avoiding the duo,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16564387", "title": "Odisha pleads for more coverage under urban housing scheme", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: With the urban polls in the state a few months away, the Naveen Patnaik government has seemingly started working on wooing slum-dwellers. On Wednesday, chief minister Naveen Patnaik requested the Centre to extend the Rajiv Awas Yojana (RAY) to more towns in Odisha.\"Owing to the rapid economic growth and urbanization of the state, it is essential to expand the coverage under RAY by including new cities,\" Naveen said in a letter to Union minister of housing and urban poverty alleviation Kumari Selja. RAY deals with housing for the urban poor.\"Taking into account the growth of cities and the incidence of slums, it is recommended that the cities of Balasore, Jeypore, Jharsuguda and Jajpur (including Jajpur Road), may be included under the scheme,\" Naveen said, while stating that the Odisha government is committed to making the state slum-free and has formulated a comprehensive policy for it.\"We are also in the process of making a legislation for according property rights to slum-dwellers and preventing the growth of new slums,\" the CM said, a day after he presided over a meeting of the state cabinet that acquiesced to a proposal for introducing the Odisha Property Rights to Slum Dwellers and Prevention of New Slums Bill for \"comprehensive redevelopment and rehabilitation of slums in the state both in terms of basic civic services and assigning property right to slum-dwellers and prevention of formation of new slums\".Official sources said in tune with the National Urban Housing and Habitat Policy, 2007, which emphasizes upon the need for inclusive growth of urban areas by providing affordable housing to all, the Centre has advised all states to formulate slum rehabilitation and development policy and to enact a legislation for identification, redevelopment, rehabilitation, conferment of property rights to slum-dwellers, and prevention of growth of new slums.Under the proposed legislation, a state slum redevelopment and rehabilitation authority with the CM as the chairperson; it shall function as the state-level apex body for effective implementation of the proposed legislation. Other features of the Bill include imposition of fine up to Rs one lakh or imprisonment up to three years or both against encroaches or abettors to such encroachment; mandatory reservation of minimum 10% of the total land in an urban area earmarked for residential purposes; alienation of state government land free of premium for the purpose of slum redevelopment and rehabilitation; mandatory reservation of minimum ten per cent of built-up area for EWS (economically weaker section) and LIG (low income group) housing in all apartment/ group housing schemes; compensation by way of additional FAR / TDR to that extent; identification of slum dwellers shall be done by the Urban Slum Redevelopment and Rehabilitation Committee.Further, official sources said every slum-dweller living in an urban area as on a cut-off date determined shall be entitled to a dwelling space at an affordable cost; slum dwellers shall be settled in-site in case of tenable settlements and re-settled at an alternative location in case of untenable settlements. An Urban Poor Shelter Fund for slum redevelopment and rehabilitation activities is also proposed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16562213", "title": "Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation contractors plan stir for bill payment", "text": "NAGPUR: Contractors of Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation (VIDC), under the aegis of Nagpur Contractors and Builders Association (NCBA), have decided to take strong steps to get their pending bills cleared from the corporation.A meeting of NCBA was held on Wednesday evening where all the members felt that unless some strong steps were taken VIDC would not pay their dues. NCBA president Shirish Chakradeo told the media that many of the contractors were in dire financial situation as they had not been paid dues since months.\"We have repeatedly requested officials to clear bills but in vain. Now, we will submit a memorandum to the executive director of VIDC that if our bills are not cleared within 15 days we will either take some legal action or stage a vehement agitation. Copies of the memorandum will be sent to higher authorities in Mumbai,\" he said.Chakradeo lamented that when contractors were facing financial trouble the state was witnessing political turmoil. \"We hope that the government pays attention to our grave problem.\"Secretary Kumar Nair, vice-presidents Anjay Parwani and Jayant Khadatkar and treasurer SD Naik addressed the members and suggested different ways of getting their demands fulfilled.VIDC is in bad financial shape as the water resources ministry headed by Ajit Pawar had approved steep escalation of project costs. However, the budgetary allocation was not increased in that proportion. The deputy chief minister is now in the dock due to these decisions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16562754", "title": "Six suicides reported within 24 hours", "text": "NAGPUR: In a span of 24 hours, city police registered six cases of suicides at different places. All the victims were males.On Tuesday, two cases of suicides were reported at Hudkeshwar and Jaripatka police stations. A 52-year-old man, working as a security guard at KDK College, committed suicide by hanging from the ceiling fan at his Ambika Nagar residence. Dharampal Moon was upset because of his deteriorating health.In the second incident, 24-year-old Nikesh Gedam hanged himself with a sari from the ceiling fan at his residence at Republican Nagar in Indora.An alcoholic, Gedam used to harass his family members for money. He didn't have a stable job. Family members told the police that Gedam was depressed due to his addiction.Teshil police registered a case of accidental death after 34-year-old Mohan Nimje committed suicide by hanging at his residence at Panaipeth in Timki. Nimje's body was spotted on Wednesday morning.In a separate incident, 36-year-old Anand Meshram was declared brought dead by doctors at the Government Medical College and Hospital on Wednesday morning. Meshram was rushed to the hospital after he consumed poison at his residence at Pipla Phata. Hudkeshwar police registered a case of accidental death.Two cases of accidental deaths were registered by the Kalamna police. Rajan Moudekar died at Mayo hospital where he was admitted on Tuesday after he consumed poison at his residence in Satimata Nagar near Pardie.In a another incident, Kalamna police recorded a case of accidental death after a mutilated body of 55-year-old Sheshrao Gharpude was found on the railway tracks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "16564486", "title": "Mahipal Maderna attends mother's funeral", "text": "JODHPUR: Mahipal Maderna , who is currently under judicial custody in the Bhanwari Devi abduction and murder case, attended the funeral of his mother at their ancestral village in Osian constituency on Wednesday.The former minister consigned to flames the body of his mother Choti Devi at Chadi village. She passed away in Jaipur on Tuesday due to old age. She was 82.Maderna had earlier been given four days exemption from judicial custody by court to be with his family and carry out the last rites as an elder son, following which he reached the village on Tuesday.Family members, friends and loyalists attended the last rites, including revenue minister Hemaram Mirdha and Richpal Mirdha (MLA), and members of the Mirdha family, a powerful Jat clan in state politics.Congress state president Chandrabhan, Ask Ali Tak and various former and present MLAs also paid their last respects.Devi is survived by her husband, Paras Ram Maderna, a veteran Congress leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "gulbarga", "code": "16562769", "title": "Rushmi Chakravarthi shocks Kyra Shroff", "text": "GULBARGA: Former national champion Rushmi Chakravarthi showed she still had it in her to produce an upset, as she trounced the younger, higher-ranked Kyra Shroff to enter the quarterfinals of the $10,000 ITF Gulbarga Open Women's Futures tennis championship on Wednesday.Ranked 1157 in the world, the 35-year-old Rushmi defeated 25-year-old world No. 531 Kyra 6-3, 6-0 at the Dr Chandrashekar Patil Stadium to advance. There was little wrong that Rushmi could do in the match on centre court and she dominated proceedings right from the start. Kyra, who failed to break Rushmi's serve even once in the clash, dropped her serve in the fifth and ninth games to lose the first set 3-6. In the second set, Rushmi raced to a 5-0 lead and Kyra's campaign ended in a poor manner as she double faulted on the final point.Meanwhile, second-seeded British girl Emily Webely-Smith outmuscled Japanese rival Kinoshita 7-6(4), 6-2 while fourth seed Zi Yang of China rallied from a 2-5 deficit in the first set to stop her Chinese Taipei rival Pei Chi Lee 7-5, 6-1.Top seed Wing Yau Venise Chan of Hong Kong trumped Sowjanya Bavisetty 6-2, 6-4 as wild card entrant Spurti Shivalingaiah fell at the hands of Prerana Bhambri 6-4, 4-6, 6-3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16566509", "title": "Power cuts the only constant in industrial city", "text": "KANPUR: The city is once again suffering severe power rostering and there are power cuts during day and night hours. Despite protests up by locals, there is no let up in rostering at a time when power usage has gone down considerably owing to weather conditions that are tolerable to pleasant.Each day, rostering takes place for nearly six hours in shifts. In the daytime it begins at 12 noon, the night rostering takes place anytime after 9 pm. On September 21, there was no power in many areas for more than five hours.This happened from 12 noon to 3 pm and then from 10 pm to 12 midnight. On September 22, there was no power for three hours from 12 noon to 3 pm. On Tuesday, power cut was from 1 pm to 3 pm. Throughout the day, there was no power due to various faults.On Wednesday, till the time of filing report, it was already four and a half hours without electricity.Rostering took place from 11.30 am to 3 pm and later, there was no power from 6.20 pm to 7.20 pm.Rampant rostering has left devotees performing Ganesh puja in the dark. There is no power at the time of aarti in the evening. Organisers of Ganesh Puja Pandals complain that despite request against power cuts in the evening, Kesco paid no heed.Rostering is most troublesome for school children appearing for the second term exams. A senior Kesco official told TOI that rostering was on instructions of the Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Limited. But when questioned why it is only industrial city suffering such step-motherly treatment unlike other districts which enjoy 24-hour power supply, the official refused to comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16563173", "title": "Techie leaps to death after wife delivers still-born baby", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 27-year-old Chennai-based software engineer, reportedly in a fit of acute depression after his wife delivered a still-born baby, leapt off the sixth floor of a private hospital in the city to his death on Wednesday afternoon. He reportedly chose to kill himself as he was unable to bear the loss of his child and the fact that his wife was in an extremely critical condition. She has been undergoing treatment at the hospital for the past one week and came down with the infection at an advanced state of pregnancy. The couple hailed from Perundurai in Erode district.\"As per the initial investigation, the victim took the extreme measure as he was under the impression that his first born child did not survive and also there were chances of losing his wife who is in a critical condition,\" said A Sivakumar, sub inspector, Peelamedu Police Station.The incident happened at around 2pm at Kovai Medical Centre and Hospital (KMCH) near SITRA. According to police, J Premachandran, a software engineer hailing from Perundurai in Erode, had admitted wife, P Radhika (25), to the hospital almost a week ago with high fever. Radhika, in her final stage of pregnancy, was confirmed with dengue a few days back and was admitted to the intensive care unit of the hospital. Family members, especially Premachandran, were at the hospital praying for her recovery and for the well-being of the baby growing inside her. Unfortunately, Radhika delivered a baby girl without vital signs on Wednesday morning. She has been put on ventilator support as a last option to keep her alive. The family members, especially Premachandran, have been in shock since then as the doctors also said Radhika's condition was extremely critical and that they may not be able to save her.\"All of us are in a state of deep shock after the incident. We lost our first girl born in the family and also Premachandran, who took his own life,\" said a close relative of the victim.The hospital management also confirmed that Radhika was in an extremely critical condition.Premachandran, according to police, had worked in London and Dubai before he started working in Chennai. He was summoned to Perundurai after he told about the precarious condition of his pregnant wife.\"It was a tragic incident. Our doctors tried their best to save the baby,\" said V Kumaran, dean, KMCH, Coimbatore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16565020", "title": "Dip in milk production in Kerala due to fodder scarcity", "text": "KOCHI: While on one hand the milk farmers have been demanding a hike in milk prices, there has been a steep decline in the production of milk in the entire state on the other hand. Farmers as well as various milk marketing societies have cited unavailability of fodder as the reason for this decline.In Ernakulam, the supply has come down by around 15,000 litres in September compared to August. \"Milk marketing societies have complained that their production has considerably dipped. They claim that they have to wait for more than 40 days to get fodder,\" said K T Sarojini, director, dairy development department. The procurement of milk by Kerala State Milk Marketing Federation (Milma) from the state has also come down from 10 lakh litres to 8.5 lakh litres a day.According to the officials with Kerala Feeds, one of the prominent cattle feed manufacturers in the public sector in the state, the shortage is due to the sudden increase in demand.\"As private manufacturers increased the price by Rs 200 a sack, many dairy farmers switched over to Kerala Feeds. The dealers who had been taking 200 sacks have increased their demand to 600 sacks,\" said R Vijayakumar, managing director, Kerala Feeds. The production cost of cattle feed, which was Rs 9,300 per tonne in March 2012, has gone up to Rs 13,500 in September as the prices of raw materials continued to shoot up, he said. Moreover, the holidays and hartals last month affected the manufacturing and distribution system..\"We have started another plant at Karunagappally and it will work to its maximum capacity within two weeks. Then our production should increase from 700 to 900 tonne a day,\" Vijayakumar said.Normally, milk production increases after the onset of monsoon in June. \"We were expecting a hike during these months, but it dipped. Last month, milk production in the district was 1,20,000 litres. But it has come down to around one lakh litres this month,\" an official with the dairy development department, Ernakulam, said.Meanwhile, according to Kallada Ramesh, chairman of Thiruvananthapuram Regional Co-operative Milk Producers' Union, the procurement of milk from the domestic market came down to 1.75 lakh litres from 2.3 lakh litres in May 2012. However, consumers in the state capital are not experiencing any shortage. \"We meet the demand by procuring milk from Karnataka. But, if farmers are not provided enough price hike, production will slip further,\" Ramesh said.The government is expected to give its nod for hiking milk prices on Thursday, after talks The government will hold talks with office bearers of Milma and other farmers' representatives. An expert committee appointed by Milma in 2011 had suggested that Milma should review the milk price every year.Even while the milk farmers are demanding hike in price, there has been a steep decline in the production of milk in the entire state. The farmers as well as various milk marketing societies cite unavailability of fodder as the reason for the decline in the milk production.In Ernakulam district alone, the supply has come down by around 15,000 littre in September compared to August. '' Statewide, we are yet to get the details of shortage in supply from each areas. But many milk marketing societies have complained that their production have dipped considerably. They say that they will have to wait for more than 40 days to get fodder subsequently resulting in the decline in production,'' said K T Sarojini, director, dairy development department. The procurement of milk by Kerala State Milk Marketing Federation (MILMA) from the state has come down to 8.5 lakh littre from 10 lakh littre a day.According to the officials with Kerala Feeds, one of the prominent cattle feed manufacturers in the public sector in the state, the shortage is because of the sudden increase in the demand. '' As the private manufacturers increased the price by Rs 200 a sack, many of the dairy farmers have switched over to Kerala Feeds. The dealers who had been taking 100 to 200 sacks have increased their demand to 500 to 600 sacks. This has created the present shortage,'' said R Vijayakumar, managing director, Kerala Feeds.The production cost of a tonne of cattle feed which was Rs 9,300 in March 2012 has gone up to Rs 13,500 in September as the prices of raw materials continued to shoot up, he said. Moreover, the holydays and hartals last month had affected the manufacturing and distribution system. '' We have started another plant at Karunagappally and it will start using its maximum capacity within two weeks. Then our production which is now 700 tonne a day can be increased to 900 tonne,'' Vijayakumar said.Normally, the production of milk would go up after the onset of monsoon in June. '' We were expecting hike in production during these months. Contrary to our expectation, the production decreased. Last month, production of milk in the district was 1,20,000 litre. But it has come down to somewhere near one lakh littre this months,'' an official with dairy development department, Ernakulam said. '' We don't find any other reason than the shortage of fodder for the decrease in the production,'' he said.Meanwhile, the state government is expected to give its nod for hiking the price of milk on Thursday. Government would be holding talks with office bearers of Kerala Milk Marketing Federation (MILMA) and other farmers' representatives. In the meeting, the issue of shortage of fodder will come up for discussions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16564139", "title": "Sanjay Oak quits as dean of KEM hospital", "text": "MUMBAI: Dr Sanjay Oak, dean of the civic-run KEM Hospital and director of major hospitals, has opted for voluntary retirement from municipal services.The noted paediatric surgeon will take up the post of vice-chancellor at Dr D Y Patil University next week. While there is no confirmation on who will replace him at KEM, Oak has recommended the name of Sion hospital dean Dr Sandhya Kamath.The decision came three months after Oak's name was dragged into the controversy of MRI machines being purchased at higher rates for two peripheral hospitals. He, however, told TOI that having served the corporation for 23 years, the time was ripe for him to move on. \"It is a natural progression for any teacher. But my umbilical cord with the corporation will remain,\" he said.Oak said he will be associated with the municipal hospitals on an honorary basis. \"I will be teaching as well as performing surgeries.\" Oak has been the dean of KEM Hospital for the past eight years, during which he revamped departments and started the breakfast facility for resident doctors, among other things. Sources said he resigned a few weeks ago and was serving a month's notice. Oak confirmed that would take charge as the V-C of the deemed university next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16570447", "title": "Premchand Guddu gets clean chit from court in land scam", "text": "INDORE: Congress MP from Ujjain Premchand Guddu gets big relief in land scam case. Local court on Wednesday gave order in favour of Congress MP saying that no irregularities have been committed in development of Bhaktawar Ram Nagar.Court order is setback to state bureau of investigation for Economic Offiences, commenly known as Economic Offence Wing (EOW) that has been pursuing case against Guddu for last seven years for alleged irregularities he committed while developing Bhaktawar Ram Nagar along with Ajit and Ajay Club and Royal Resort. Over the year EOW failed to produce chargesheet with concrete evidence.Along with Guddu court has also discharged Dilip Borsai, resident of Tilak Nagar and Prakash Narayan Mishra, then deputy director of Town and Country Planning. EOW has charged Guddu, Borsai and Mishra under section 420, 201, 120 B of IPC and sections 13(1)(D) and 13(2) of Prevention of Corruption Act 2005.The charges against Guddu and others were that they violated rules and sold off seven plots reserved for domestic servants to general public. Similarly, they were also accused of selling off 18 plots reserved for slum dwellers to general public. He converted one of the four gardens into amenities centre.Special Judge Rajiv Kumar Shrivastava in his judgement ruled that so far as selling off land reserved for servant and slum dwellers is concerned, Guddu has taken permission for the same from court of additional collector citing that no slum dwellers were there in the area where the colony being developed. Regarding using land reserved for garden for increasing the area of amenities centre, the order said that even correct as that was done for the benefits of the colony. The court case was registered by the EOW following complaint in this regard by Suresh Seth.After receiving court order in his favour, Guddu in a press conference alleged that state government is targeting him only because he is exposing corruption cases. \"State government is scared of me that is why they are trying to implicate me false corruption cases,\" said Guddu adding that he will file defamation suit against the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16562490", "title": "Cops to get tough on number plates in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: If you have a new car without a high security number plate, you could be headed for trouble. Traffic officials and the transport department are planning a joint drive from Monday to crack down on such vehicles, ignoring protests from dealers and car buyers that they are not at fault as they have not yet received the licence plates.\"All newly purchased vehicles must have high security number plates fitted within seven days of purchase, failing which they will be liable for a fine under registration certificate violations. In some cases, vehicles can be impounded as well,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.Many car owners have pasted temporary stickers issued by the dealers on their vehicles. Quite a few of these are either torn or are unreadable. All such car owners have four days to rectify this or face a stiff penalty of Rs 2,000 and possible impounding of the vehicle, said officials.Car dealers say owners are being harassed. \"It takes anything from 10 days to a month for a high security number plate to be fixed. It is never done within the seven-day period,\" said Kamal Kumar, CEO of Competent Motors.Some dealers claimed it takes up to two and a half months or more. \"We have car owners waiting for more than two months to get the high security number plate. The centre in Sheikh Sarai gets around five cars fitted with number plates for each dealer every day; it fits about 50-60 such number plates daily. It would be unfair for car owners if they are penalized for this,\" said a south Delhi dealer on condition of anonymity.However, transport department officials claimed it takes around three days for a high security number plate to be fitted once ordered. It can go up to six days in some cases, but not more.\"Every motor licencing officer now has a centre to fit high security number plates which is near the RTO. On an average, 1,000 vehicles are registered every day and the number plates are ready within three days once ordered. Sometimes it may take up to six days,\" said a senior transport official.The transport department has told traffic cops that thousands of high security number plates are lying ready in their centres. \"This indicates that many people are deliberately not picking up the number plates,\" said a senior police officer.\"All newly purchased vehicles must have high security number plates fitted within seven days of purchase, failing which they will be liable for a fine under registration certificate violations. In some cases, vehicles can be impounded as well,\" said JCP (traffic) Satyendra Garg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "dugri phase ii", "code": "16566348", "title": "Excited to exhibit work at artists\u2019 confluence", "text": "DUGRI PHASE II: The excitement to exhibit his work at a fair where over 550 artists will converge is evident on city-based artist Tejinder Singh's face as he talks about his four paintings selected to be exhibited in New Delhi.Tejinder, 42, will leave for the capital on Thursday morning to participate in the United Art Fair that will be held at Pragati Maidan in New Delhi from September 27 to 30.The Urban Estate Dugri Phase II resident says, \"I have participated in many exhibitions so far but the United Art Fair is an important event for any artist considering artists from cross the country will exhibit their work at the fair.\"The first painting he explains is titled 'Expressions of Emancipation'. \"This one carries an underlying message of freedom of relationship and thus, talks about the rights of the gays and lesbians,\" he says.The second work titled 'Gods of Mortality' talks about the physical relationship between a man and a woman, which brings out one of strongest human emotions and is the most beautiful of human relations, says Tejinder.The third painting titled 'Concrete Jungle' is an expression of the mindless urbanization that is eating up the green cover around cities.The fourth painting that will represent the artist at the fair is 'Paradoxical Juxtapose' done in red, blue and orange colours that signify heat of the sun and life energy.The artist in Tejinder came to fore when he won the All India Camel Colour contest in 1985 while he was a matriculation student and since then, he has had only one passion in life and that is to play with colours.\"As an artist, I am passionate about painting, but commercially, I do want to be recognized for my work,\" says Tejinder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16572444", "title": "Soon, voice recording to detect Parkinson's disease", "text": "LONDON: Researchers claimed to have detected Parkinson's disease with 99 per cent accuracy through simple voice recordings.A team from Massachusetts Institute of Technology has developed a computer programme that is able to recognise the tremors, breathiness and weakness in the voice, which are thought to be early indicators of the condition.The voice analysis software can even provide an unprecedented level of detail that can distinguish how far along a patient is with the disease, the Daily Mail reported.Now, The Parkinson's Voice Initiative led by British scientist Dr Max Little, is looking to see if the same results can be repeated with voice recordings taken over the telephone.Little is calling on healthy volunteers as well as patients with Parkinson's to take part in a three minute phone call where they are asked to say 'aah', speak a few sentences and answer some questions.\"Science tells us voice impairment might be an early sign of Parkinson's. It sounds counterintuitive as Parkinson's is a movement disorder but the voice is a form of movement,\" he said.\"We don't tend to think of the larynx and vocal chords but you are moving them when you make speech sounds. It's a complex sound of movement and it tends to degrade in Parkinson's,\" he was quoted by the paper as saying.\"Neurologists look at changes in the ability to move, which is done with the limbs, but we are looking in the vocal organs - the sounds that come out of the mouth. We are fairly confident we can detect the disease over the telephone,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16562630", "title": "National meet on learning disabilities in December", "text": "NAGPUR: The city is going to host a national seminar on dyslexia and other learning disabilities in December. The seminar is being organized by Rotary Club of Nagpur East (RCNE) in association with Sheikh Asgharali Hasanali Maimoon Charitable Trust and Inner Wheel Club of Nagpur East. The two-day seminar will be held on December 1 and 2.The meet will be attended by psychologists, teachers, principals, school administrators, occupational therapists and educators among others. Experts from all over the country including clinical psychologist Dr Anindita Chatterjee from Kolkata, former professor of developmental paediatrics at CMC, Vellore Dr MC Mathew, occupational therapist Dr Anjali Joshi from Mumbai, educationist Dr Nisreen Maimoon from the city, Bangalore-based psychologist Chetana Keni and actor-educationist Swaroop Sampat will also take part. Topics like assessment and remedial measures for learning disability (LD), inculcating life skills in LD children and ways to cope with academic difficulties faced by them will be discussed in the seminar.\"Our club has been involved in many activities for kids with learning disabilities since last five years under Mrs Khadija Iqbal Maimoon Memorial project. We have organized workshops for teachers, psychologists and other professionals who deal with such children. Last year, we also opened a resource centre for these children where we conduct regular screenings, too,\" said president of RCNE Madhav Mohta. In fact, the club has a separate group, team dyslexia, which consists of Dr Madhusudan Sarda, Arun Malani, Iqbal Husain, Shrinarayan Laddha and Dr Suresh Jain.Registrations for the seminar are open. Those wising to participate or contribute in other ways can write to .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16562698", "title": "Rs 2 lakh in damages to woman sacked for maternity leave", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Delhi court has awarded over Rs 2 lakh compensation to a woman who claimed she was sacked by a private firm after she demanded maternity leave of three months on full pay basis.Holding that the complainant Ritu Verma and her child had suffered physical and mental agony due to the \"illegal\" termination of her employment, additional district judge Inder Jeet Singh ordered Ebaco India Private Limited to pay a total amount of Rs 2.12 lakh as compensation to her.The compensation awarded by the court included Rs one lakh as damages for the stress and agony suffered, another one lakh as four months salary and the remaining sum was given as the amount coming under provident fund. pti", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16563982", "title": "FDA to crack down on sale of loose edible oil", "text": "PUNE: The Food and Drugs Administration (FDA) will ensure strict implementation of the ban on the sale of edible oil in loose form across the city and adjoining districts from Thursday.Almost 45% of the city's population purchases oil in loose form, sale of which is banned as per the provisions of the Food Safety and Standards Act, 2006.\"The ban on selling edible oil in loose form will henceforth be enforced in letter and spirit. Our officials will start inspecting shops and firms selling edible oil in loose form,\" Shashikant Kekare, joint commissioner (food), FDA, Pune, told TOI on Wednesday.The officials will fine shops registered with the FDA Rs 25,000 if found selling oil in loose form. If shops/firms having an FDA licence are found indulging in such sale, they will have to pay a penalty of up to Rs 1 lakh.The oil should not only be sold in packets, but must also have proper labelling and information about its package date, type of oil, price, etc, according to the act.Most shops in and around slums sell oil in loose form. \"So we are going to focus on those pockets in city where this practice is rampant. The aim is to enforce the ban across the division,\" Kekare said.Currently, 80% of edible oil is sold in loose form in the country, which, according to trade sources, is in the blended form. For example, refined sunflower oil or soybean oil in loose form is a blend of the respective oil and palm oil in the proportion of 65:35.According to experts, such impurities are difficult to for a layman to identify, as the blending of palm oil does not change the physical property or taste of the product. But it changes the chemical property, which affects the consumers' health in the long run. Selling of loose edible oil is not permitted in developed countries.What the Act saysNo person shall sell or distribute or offer for sale or dispatch to any person for the purpose of sale any edible/vegetable oila) which does not conform to the standards of quality as provided in the Food Safety and Standards Act, 2006, and rules/regulations made under, andb) which is not packed in a container, marked and labelled in the manner as specified in the Food Safety and Standards Authority of India's (FSSAI) regulations(Source: Food Safety and Standards Act, 2006)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16565005", "title": "Kochi shops beat high power tariff with LED lights", "text": "KOCHI: Spiralling power tariff seems to be forcing many leading commercial establishments in the city to opt for energy-efficient and green technologies. In a bid to cut down their electricity bills, jewellers, textile showrooms, hotels and resorts are installing light-emitting diode (LED) lights in place of CFL lamps.Many establishments have even started reaping the benefits of LED lamps. According to Santo Antony, director, Francis Alukkas, use of LED lights in their showrooms has brought down their electricity bill by half. \"The power bill at our Kochi showroom has come down from Rs 2.5 lakh to Rs 1.25 lakh. Almost all our shops have been installed with LED lights,\" he said.In city's shops and showrooms, the CFL-based spotlights and wall-washers are being fast replaced by their LED types. An added advantage of these lamps is that they not only consume less power but also emit less heat compared to CFL lamps. In textile showrooms, it increases the shelf life of silk garments that are usually heat-sensitive.\"It also reduces the power consumption of air conditioners installed in showrooms,\" said Raseel M, director of the Aluva-based Unirans Technologies Private Limited. The company that procures, distributes, and installs LED lamps has a long list of clientele list including major jewelleries like Francis Alukkas, Joy Alukkas and textile firms like Seematti and Seemas.However, the high cost of these LED lamps seems to be hindering many establishments in the city from opting this technology. Distributors of these lamps attribute the high cost to the fact that the major components in these lamps - LED chip and the optical sensor - are imported from countries like the US, Japan and South Korea.Abdul Majeed, regional manager of 3S India, the Indian arm of Canada-based 3S International, pointed out that though the technology is priced high, if installed, users can recover the amount invested in three years by way of lower electricity bills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16563280", "title": "Illicit liquor plot revealed", "text": "GURGAON: After the seizure late on Monday of a huge quantity of illicit liquor worth Rs 35 lakh, the excise department on Wednesday said that the illicit liquor was being supplied to Gujarat. Around 1,500 boxes of the liquor were produced by Haryana-based distilleries and the 3D stickers mentioned that it is for sale in Arunachal Pradesh. Sources said that this was yet another case in point to show the liquor mafia had a strong supply chain in Gurgaon and it was doing its business easily from here. The excise department said that it was not only the city-based liquor mafia but also the distillery companies which have a big role in the supply of illicit liquor to others states. The liquor mafia is fearless because of its nexus.The illicit liquor comes to Gurgaon from distilleries in Haryana and Himachal Pradesh and goes to Gujarat. The excise department claims it is helpless because the liquor mafia is well-connected. According to a department source, the total illicit liquor which was seized was 15, 924 bottles, 32,352 quarter bottles which cost between Rs 35 lakh and Rs 40 lakh. Liquor brands Blue Mood, Party Special and Besto produce by a Haryana-based distillery known as N V distilleries in Bagholi, Naraingarh near Ambala district, were found in 1,500 boxes. In about 412 boxes there were Bluemoon and Royal Choice brands produced by Himachal Pradesh-based Himgiri Breweries.A senior officer of the excise department told TOI that a person had called the department office claiming that he was the owner of the illicit liquor, but he had not come to the department till late evening. This year, the Haryana government had made a hologram mandatory on the liquor bottles which was not there in the seized bottles, the source said. \"No one has come to us claiming the ownership of the vehicles and the illicit liquor. We will not be lax in our drive against the liquor mafia,\" Aruna Singh, district excise commissioner told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16564427", "title": "Circular warning employees against attending RSS camp fake, govt to file a FIR", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government was caught off guard on Wednesday with a 'fake' circular and reports of strict action against employees who attend the forthcoming RSS camp to be held in Jaipur, made rounds.It took the state government an entire day to react. A formal denial was released by the department of information and public relations only in the evening. Denying reports of any such circular dated September 20, 2012 being issued by the Department of Personnel and claimed that the circular in question was drafted as a conspiracy and with malafide intention. The press release said that the state government would also file a FIR against the unknown miscreant. Sources claimed that clarification was issued following directives from the chief secretary.However, no government official talked about it officially though all including senior officials of the personnel department denied that such a circular has been issued. The circular, which was doing rounds in the media circles and departmental heads including collectors, read 'it had come to the state government's notice that several employees participated in programmes, protests and training camps held by the RSS and other organisations like the VHP, BJP and others. Those who are found to be doing so would face a strict disciplinary action.'With a camp of the RSS round the corner, it was speculated that the circular was issued to keep the employees away from the three-day camp scheduled to begin from Friday. With similar circulars being issued in the past, hardly did anybody suspect it to be a fake until the officials clarified. The RSS and the state BJP too had reacted strongly against the circular, saying that the RSS was a social organisation and that nobody could be stopped from attending camps held by it.More than 8,000 volunteers of Jaipur region would participate in the three-day camp to be held at Jamdoli and according to the local RSS office-bearers, sessions and discussions of national issues, Hindutva and spread of the association would be held. RSS chief Mohan Bhargav would also attend the camp. A special attempt has been made to bring back the old-times, who have not been associated with the organisational activities for some time now. Volunteers had personally gone to invite them for the camp,'' said Dr Indresh Goyal, Spokesperson, RSS Jaipur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16562851", "title": "Better coordination sought for Forest Rights Act implementation", "text": "NAGPUR: Top officials of revenue, forest, tribal welfare department and civil society representatives from Maharashtra, Rajasthan, Gujarat and Goa met in the city to discuss how the Forest Rights Act (2006) could be implemented more effectively. The two-day workshop concluded on Wednesday.Organized by the Union ministry of tribal affairs, the workshop was supported by tribal development department of the state. State tribal development minister Babanrao Pachpute presided over the inaugural function on Tuesday before rushing back in hurry to Mumbai following sudden political developments caused by deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar's resignation.In her opening remarks, joint secretary of Union ministry of tribal affairs Sadhana Rout said though the Act was operative from last four years, not much had been achieved as far a community forest rights of people traditionally living in and near the forests are concerned. Stressing on implementation of the Act in letter and spirit, she said guidelines issued by the ministry are exhaustive and should be followed. On September 6, some rules were amended so as to address issues raised some state governments and the civil society.Pachpute stressed that officials of revenue, forest, tribal and rural development should work in tandem to implement the Act. Maharashtra has been at the forefront and was the first to grant community rights for bamboo harvesting to residents of Mendha Lekha village in Gadchiroli district. Today, 3.39 lakh individual forest rights claims have been allowed and of the 5,088 claims for community rights, 1676 have been allowed by the district level committees. The minister announced that the state government was considering allocation of Rs 50 crore for the development of land given to tribal beneficiaries under the FRA.Vibha Puri Das, secretary Union ministry of tribal affairs, said in her inaugural address that FRA is not an extension of other schemes and is a stand-alone Act. She said that the state-level monitoring committee should play a proactive role in FRA implementation.NC Saxena, member National Advisory Council, noted that the tribal community suffers from isolation and continues to suffer silently. Pravin Pardesi, principal secretary of state forest department said that through community rights, villages are earning an income of Rs 50 lakh to Rs 1.5 crore from sale of bamboo. Under joint forest management, 350 villages spread over 15 districts are gaining from income through non-timber forest produce.Civil activist Subodh Kukarni presented the success story of Mendha Lekha and said a village of 500 people succeeded in getting forest rights and were now adopting innovative methods for its sustenance. Dilip Gode of Vidarbha Nature Conservation Society said alternative models were successfully demonstrated in several villages of Gondia district by his organization. He said FRA was effective where NGOs were active and doing advocacy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "16562638", "title": "Vims to be developed into oncology centre", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Visakha Institute of Medical Sciences (Vims), which has been left unused even after completion of the civil works around two years ago, will be developed into a 500-bed high-end oncology and traumatology centre to cater to patients from the coastal districts.A proposal from AP government will also be sent to start a post-graduate institute on the lines of Nizam's Institute of Medical Sciences (Nims) for which the Centre has volunteered to provide Rs 125 crore, said director of medical education Vishnu Prasad.At present the hospital does not have any infrastructure or equipment, which will require at least another Rs 60 crore. Till funds flow in from the government, Vims, which was established during the tenure of Y S Rajasekhara Reddy, is likely to meet the same fate as Nims-Bibinagar project, which hasn't been functioning even after completion of civil works years ago. An official in charge of the project said that around Rs 55 crore had been spent on the construction of the building on a picturesque 100-acre land adjacent to Hanumanthawaka junction, Visakhapatnam.Prasad said an expert committee has been appointed to look into the pending Vims project and decide on the equipment required to start oncology (medical, radiation and surgical oncology) and traumatology units.There is no advanced state-run oncology centre in the coastal districts and patients have to travel all the way to MNJ Cancer Hospital in Hyderabad. Also, Vims is situated on National Highway 5 and would be getting many accident cases. \"Keeping these factors in mind, and to reduce the patient load on King George Hospital, we are soon going to take the project forward,\" the DME said. Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad had promised to give Rs 125 crore if Vims was developed into a PG institute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16563584", "title": "Mahila Udyog Melato begin from Friday", "text": "PATNA: Bihar Mahila Udyog Mela will organize a five-day fair here from Friday, in which women entrepreneurs from Jharkhand, West Bengal, Delhi, Karnataka, Punjab, Maharashtra and Bihar will participate. Bihar tourism minister Sunil Kumar 'Pintu' would inaugurate the fair having 80 stalls, including five of food.The mela will have an exclusive range of silver-coated utensils and items of home decor from Kolkata. This year organizers have made arrangements to cater to the needs of male buyers too. Various women entrepreneurs from Delhi are bringing designer kurtas and trousers for men. Sonali Adhikari from West Bengal is bringing a collection of 'malda' silk saris. Heera Agarwal from Ranchi, who has been participating in the fair for the last eight years, will be bringing woollen collection, while Uma Srinivasan is bringing cotton saris from Pune.There will also be a good collection of artificial jewellery from Muzaffarpur, Manjusha art work from Bhagalpur, block prints from Kolkata, embroidery saris from Lahore, designer kurtis and saris from Bangalore and handicrafts from Gujarat.There will be stalls selling edible items like pickles, sattu, 'papad' and varieties of 'namkin'. On Friday, Lions Club Patna Central will be organizing a seminar on 'balanced diet'.Pushpa Chopra, president of the Sangh, and Indu Agarwal, vice-president, said, \"We have requested the government to provide four kathas of land for the Sangh's office.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16490286", "title": "It\u2019s official! More money makes you happy", "text": "David Cameron's much-ridiculed happiness survey has found that what truly makes people glad is money .The 2-million-pound state research project revealed that those who have more money are a lot happier with their lives.It found that the poorest people are the least happy, while people in the higher tax bracket are the most satisfied, the Daily Mail reported.However, there is also a 'squeezed middle' of people on middle incomes who appear slightly less happy than those lower down or higher up in the earnings league table.The findings brought fresh criticism of the huge research project launched by the Prime Minister, which attempts to measure the country's well-being by means other than wealth and spending.The survey appeared to show that happiness, life satisfaction, anxiety and other emotional states are in fact closely linked to wealth and spending.The Office for National Statistics inquiry into well-being and personal finance was based on a survey covering 1,100 homes a month.It asks people to rate their satisfaction with life, how worthwhile they think their lives are, and their levels of happiness and anxiety on the previous day, all on a scale out of 10.It found that \"those in the lowest two personal income groups had the lowest mean scores for life satisfaction, worthwhile and happy yesterday. These income groups also recorded the highest mean scores for anxious yesterday.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16564837", "title": "Students electrocuted in Howrah pond while swimming", "text": "KOLKATA: Two brothers - Bikash Bagh (15) and Ramprakash Bagh (12) - residents of , were electrocuted while taking bath in a local pond. Locals said that a live wire, somehow, came in touch with the water of the pond leading to the accident. the water of the pond had somehow got electrified after coming in touch with a livewire and that the boys were electrocuted.Another of their friend, Saurabh, was rescued from the spot and later admitted to a hospital. On Wednesday afternoon, the victims, who study in a Dasnagar school, went to the pond along with their friend to take a bath.The victims, students of a Dasnagar school, suddenly started screaming from the pond. The locals rushed to their rescue, but the duo had already drowned. Their bodies were later fished out from the pond.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16562197", "title": "UoH on the boil over anti-T barb", "text": "HYDERABAD: Student union elections in University of Hyderabad were caught in 'T' trouble with students from the Telangana region staging a massive protest on Wednesday demanding cancellation of elections for the current academic year.About 500 students staged a protest in front of the university's administrative office and enforced bandh on the campus. They demanded action against one of the candidates standing for union elections for allegedly make a derogatory remark against Telangana.The trouble started late on Tuesday night during the general body meeting conducted for fixing the election date when the candidate allegedly made derogatory remark about 'T' movement. Soon there were protests and the meeting was cancelled. The tension on campus continued till late Wednesday evening with members of National Students Union of India (NSUI), Telangana Students Association (TSA), Telangana Vidyarthi Vibhag (TVV) and Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad holding protests. The striking students said that they would not participate in this year's elections if the administration allowed the accused to contest.\"The remarks by the candidate hurt sentiments of T students. Thus, the public resentment against the candidate and the student group he is part of,\" said S Harinath, president of TVV. Mild violence erupted on campus what with members of two students' unions, TSA and SFI coming to blows during protests. Meanwhile, the strike affected a national seminar, RAW-CON being held in the university and had to be suspended for a few hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16562710", "title": "Pillars on arterial road demolished", "text": "NEW DELHI: TOI's intervention has saved many RWAs of south Delhi a long battle. After a report was published on Wednesday about the Greater Kailash-II RWA's bid to install a gate on an arterial road which gives access to many other colonies - Chittaranjan Park to Alaknanda - PWD staff reached the spot on Wednesday and knocked down the iron pillars that had been surreptitiously installed. This brings to an end an audacious bid to capture a public road which should serve as a warning to those who encroach on the rights of others.The police, it is learnt, has asked the RWA to give up its plans to erect other gates around the colony, effectively blocking the right of way of people in several other areas. \"All these gates are illegal as they are being constructed on main roads and not colony roads. This is government land and no one can place these gates here, even if they have some kind of permission. We have taken down the iron pillars and have asked them not to erect any more gates. The matter has been taken up with the police as well,\" said a senior PWD official of the area.The police said they would ensure that no gate was allowed to be constructed. \"They are not following guidelines spelt out in the standing order 382 of Delhi Police which states that there should be total consensus among the residents concerned. Also, the gates are being planned for the main roads which are more than 60 feet wide and not internal colony roads,\" pointed out a senior cop of the area.As a fallout of the story, many residents of other colonies called up this newspaper to say that gates in their areas too had become a nuisance. Readers can write to this reporter if they wish to draw attention to a similar problem they are facing.Blocking arterial roads is against the law and no gates can be arbitrarily installed even within colonies. While a no-objection certificate has to be sought from police, road-owning agency, MCD commissioner, fire department and other agencies, no gate can be erected without all residents agreeing to it. Also, a gate can be installed only where the right of way does not exceed 18.3 metres. It must be an internal road of the colony with no buses plying on it. The rules also state that gates should not be erected on main/arterial roads but on side roads leading inside a colony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "bhuj", "code": "16564742", "title": "Special bus to run for Bhuj darshan", "text": "BHUJ: Tourists visiting this main headquarter of Kutch district can now take a round of the historic city in a luxury bus.Starting October 1, a special bus will take tourists around all the heritage monuments across the 450 years old walled town of Bhuj. The special bus was donated by Maninagar Swaminarayan Gadi Sansthan recently.The bus service is similar to those operating in many cities across India, according to Swami Purushottam Priyadasji of the sansthan.The bus service will be operated by the Bhuj municipality. \"The main objective of staring this bus service is to promote tourism in the town,\" said Narendra Thacker, president of the municipality. The bus will also make daily trips from various locations of Bhuj to Dada-Dadi park as a special facility for senior citizens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16565480", "title": "Purulia SP's car runs over three in Midnapore", "text": "KOLKATA: Three villagers were killed, while two others suffered severe injuries after they were run over by the Purulia SP's car on Wednesday.C Sudhakar was in the car when his driver lost control and hit the five persons who were waiting at a bus stand in West Midnapore's Raskundu. Sudhakar was on his way to Kharagpur to receive an award. The accident took place at 8am, while his car was passing through Garbeta.According to Midnapore district police, a motorcycle suddenly came in front of the car and the rider was busy with his cell phone. At the same time, another truck was coming from the opposite direction and thus Sudhakar's driver reportedly had no space to bypass the motorcycle. Soon as the driver swerved left to avoid collision with the motorcyclist, he lost control and hit the people at the bus stop.While Alok Mondal (30) and his mother Arati died on spot, Halima Khatun (22) died at the hospital. Alok's wife Shampa and Nilu Roy are battling for their lives. West Midnapore SP Sunil Chowdhury said that Sudhakar's car was seized and his driver has been arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16564599", "title": "Ghat ki Guni opening may delayed due to altercations", "text": "JAIPUR: The empowered committee's directives to make altercations in the design of Ghat Ki Guni at the entry and exit may further delay the opening of the tunnel for vehicular traffic.During a visit to the site on Wednesday, a committee constituted by the apex court to examine the development of Pink City, has directed the officials of Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) to reduce the curve at Jawahar Nagar end to avoid accidents at the entry of the tunnel.\"The committee has observed that there is a blind turn and it is necessary to reduce the curve by removing the petrol pump,\" said an official. \"In this regard, directives have been given to relocate a petrol pump falling on the route. A letter will be sent to the district collector. We have also proposed to the committee to relocate the pump on a bus depot land near Guni,\" he said.Similarly, to provide swift traffic flow and avoid accidents, directions have been given to construct a rotary ahead on national highway -8 which was earlier proposed, close to the end of the flyover . \"It has been suggested that the vehicle speed will be high due to the slope. So directions have been made to construct the rotary ahead,\" said an official. Directions were also given to soon start the construction and widening of the roads at the entry and exit. However, it's a difficult task to remove the house owners and the acquisition process is halted after strong opposition from the MLAs of the area.Apart from this, during the visit to Sanjay market, the empowered committee has directed to construct 20 shops connecting Johari Bazaar and Sanjay Bazaar. Similarly, directions were made to start pilot projects for ducting (underground tunnel for wiring) in the Walled City from Sanjay Bazar. Minister for urban development and housing, Shanti Dhariwal said: \" The detailed project report will be prepared soon. It is estimated that approximately Rs 50 crore will be spent on this project. Also, the shop construction work will start soon.\"Members of the empowered committee, retired high court judges Justice VS Dave and IS Israni, along with the UDH minister had to face the ire of the public when he reached Chaura Rasta where residents gheraoed them over the issue of removing the tin shed of a temple . However , Justice VS Dave, while talking to media persons, said: \" Every encroachment including temple will be removed to develop the Chaura Rasta as a model road.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16564679", "title": "Originating trains to start from Kudal Nagar", "text": "MADURAI: During this period, originating trains like Pandian and Vaigai Expresses will be operated from Kudal Nagar station, which is adjacent to the Madurai Junction. Train number 12635 Chennai Egmore - Madurai Vaigai Express will arrive Kudal Nagar at 9.15pm during these days while train number 12636 Madurai - Chennai Egmore Vaigai Express will start from Kudal Nagar at 6.55am. Train number 12637 Chennai Egmore - Madurai Pandian Express will arrive Kudal Nagar at 7.05am while train number 12638 Madurai - Chennai Egmore Pandian Express will leave Kudal Nagar at 8.45 pm.With Vaigai and Pandian Expresses being terminated at Kudal Nagar station during this period, the station has been equipped to handle the passenger traffic, railway sources said. Special buses will be operated by the Tamil Nadu State Transport Corporation between Madurai railway station and Kudal Nagar railway station from 5am to 8am and 6pm to 10pm during these days.An unreserved ticketing system (UTS) counter will be opened on platform number two at Kudal Nagar station. Already, on such counter is functioning on platform one. Two touch screen kiosks will be provided on platform two for reservation enquiry. Light refreshment stalls will be opened and spacious parking area will be made available near the platforms.A public address system, porter services, sufficient wheel chairs will also be made available. To ensure passenger safety, additional security arrangements by the Railway Protection Force will be deployed and scouts/guides will be deployed for regulating and guiding the passengers, an official statement from the DRM observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16562765", "title": "Shobha paints bleak power picture", "text": "MANGALORE: Compared to last year, the state may face a severe power crisis this year, following deficit rainfall and low wind velocity.For production of electricity, the state mainly depends of wind power from September to December, but for the past one week, wind velocity has drastically decreased, minister for energy Shobha Karandlaje told reporters here on Wednesday.Last year during this period, 1,500MW was produced every day through wind power but for the past one week, only around 200MW a day is being produced, she added.Providing sufficient electricity this year is a challenging task, she said. The state has been hit by drought for the second consecutive year, and this is the worst situation in the past 40 years, with water level in dams fast dropping. Last year, there was 96% water in Linganamakki dam, but this year it is down to 80%. Water in Supa dam stands at 56% while Mani has only 60%, Shobha said.Listing another problem, she said: \"For the past week, we could not use coal properly for power boilers because we were getting slurry coal, which is almost like a paste, from the northeast region following heavy rain there.\"Asked how the power crisis will be managed, she said the government has been purchasing power from other states and a tender has been floated to purchase another 750MW. \"We are not getting 750MW, but will get 250MW from Gujarat after January,\" she said.Power production units in Bellary, Udupi and other small power production units will stabilize the power crisis in December, she stated.Resurvey of endosulfan victimsAfter a survey was conducted in endosulfan affected areas, a provision was made to give Rs 50,000 in compensation and monthly pension to endosulfan victims, the minister said. \"I will recommend to the government to conduct a survey again to identify all the endosulfan victims and give them compensation,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "16565946", "title": "114 militants surrender to Manipur chief minister", "text": "IMPHAL: At a time when militants have stepped up attacks on security forces in Manipur, 114 militants belonging to different groups laid down arms before chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh at the headquarters of Inspector General Assam Rifles ( South) at Mantripukhri here on Wednesday.The rebels were from UNLF, PLA, KCP, KYKL, Prepak, KNLF, UPPK, UNPC and PULF.Addressing the biggest \"homecoming\" ceremony of the year, Ibobi Singh said Wednesday's event reflects the mindset of the youth. He assured the surrendered cadres of a proper rehabilitation package. \"Their decision is wise and we should also fulfill our obligation. They must be embraced and inducted into the mainstream. We will do our best to ensure rehabilitation for them,\" he said.Home minister Gaikhangam, principal secretary (home) Suresh Babu, DGP Y Joykumar Singh and IG AR Major General UK Gurung were also present during the ceremony. The rebels surrendered AK 47 rifles, lathod guns, carbines, pistols and revolvers.Lauding the Assam Rifles and Manipur police for their efforts in bringing the cadres to the mainstream, the chief minister said both the forces deserve kudos for the achievement. \"Major General UK Gurung and his troops have done a commendable job. Credit must also go to DGP and his police force for effectively dealing prolonged insurgency and law and order problems,\" he added.Stating that the recent peace initiatives have produced fairly good results, he said it has been the state government's conscious policy to engage maximum number of underground groups in peace talks. \"The extent of this engagement has expanded over the years. We firmly believe that solution to any problem can only come through dialogue and peaceful means. Violence can never solve a problem,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16563230", "title": "Govt approves new Coast Guard academy in Kerala", "text": "NEW DELHI: The youngest and smallest of the four armed forces under the defence ministry, the Indian Coast Guard (ICG) is now finally set to get a training academy of its own under the ongoing revamp of the country's coastal security infrastructure.The cabinet committee on security, chaired by PM Manmohan Singh , on Monday evening cleared the setting up of the ICG academy at Azhikkal in Kannur district of Kerala at a cost of Rs 661 crore, which includes land, infrastructure and manpower needs.\"The state government has offered 164 acres of land at Azhikkal for the academy. The ICG needs professionally trained officers and enrolled personnel to carry out its mandate at sea to meet the ever-changing challenges in the field of maritime security,\" an official said on Wednesday.The proposed academy, the second major military academy in Kerala after the Indian Naval Academy (INA) at Ezhimala, will be capable of training 650 trainees as well as catering to the training needs of naval, BSF (water wing) and marine police personnel.INA itself is poised for a major expansion at a cost of around Rs 340 crore to ensure the existing annual capacity of 750 trainees can be taken up to 1,200 cadets from 2015 onwards.The government decided to bolster the \"assets\" and manpower of ICG, which has suffered from relative neglect since it came into existence in August 1978, after being jolted by the 26/11 terror attacks in Mumbai four years ago.\"Apart from using Navy's training facilities, ICG also has a makeshift training centre at Kochi. But these temporary arrangements have proved to be inadequate due to growing needs of ICG,\" said the official.Plans are afoot to ensure Coast Guard can increase its force-levels to around 200 ships and 100 aircraft by 2018 to effectively tackle its operational tasks, which include piracy and the terror threat emanating from sea, officials said.At present, ICG is making do with about 110 \"surface units'', including just six advanced and 11 other offshore patrol vessels, and 51 \"air units'' comprising 28 Dornier surveillance aircraft, 19 Chetak and four Dhruv helicopters.Moreover, it has 1,714 officers, 9,196 enrolled personnel and 1,553 civilians. This when at least triple those numbers are required to effectively protect India's vast 5,422-km coastline, 1,197 islands and 2.01 million sq km of exclusive economic zone (EEZ).India's EEZ, incidentally, will expand by another one million sq km after the proposed delimitation of the continental shelf, which will then make it almost equal to the country's actual landmass.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16563701", "title": "'My Name is Khan' evoked in verdict", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Supreme Court on Wednesday warned cops that anti-terror laws must not be misused and abused and the cops should also ensure that no innocent person is victimized only because of his religious identity.While acquitting the accused in a 1993 TADA case of Jharnia arms case, the division bench of Justice H L Dattu and Justice Chandramauli Prasad observed, \"District superintendent of police and inspector general of police and all others entrusted with the task of operating the law must not do anything which allows its misuse and abuse, and must ensure that no innocent person has the feeling of sufferance only because: \"My name is Khan, but I am not a terrorist\".\"The advice from the apex court came after the prosecution failed to establish its case merely because the cops failed to follow procedure in recording confessions. The court also noticed that the evidence against them was only their confessional statements, but it also noticed that had there been no seizure of arms and ammunition, there would have been havoc.The bench appreciated the anxiety of the cops entrusted with preventing terrorism and the difficulties they face. \"Terrorism is a crime far more serious in nature, graver in impact and highly dangerous in consequence. It can put the nation in shock, create fear and panic and disrupt communal peace and harmony. This task becomes more difficult when it is done by organized group with outside support,\" the court order reads.The court further said, \"However, while resorting to TADA, the safeguards provided must scrupulously be followed. In the country of Mahatma, \"means are more important than the end\". Invocation of TADA without following the safeguards resulting in acquittals gives an opportunity to many and also to the enemies of the country to propagate that it has been misused and abused.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16503559", "title": "Unravel secrets about Tipu Sultan in Kere Thonnur", "text": "While a lake provides relief from the Mysore heat, temples at Kere Thonnur shed new light on Tipu Sultan's legacy, shares, Arjun Kumar ...The inner sanctum of the Narayana temple was cloaked in inky darkness which my eyes could not penetrate. That did not deter the elderly priest from walking swiftly past me, his eyes either better accustomed to the dark or his soul more enlightened to see the Lord where I could not.A moment after he entered the Lord's chamber, the darkness was broken by a tiny spot of light. The spot quickly increased in size and intensity in the process dispelling darkness from all but the corners of the inner sanctum. If I sound a shade philosophical, put that down to to the influence of Kere Thonnur. I go into a region mentally preparing myself to find traces of Tipu Sultan , a man who spent more time at war than at peace, and a man who - as some historians say - was a religious fanatic.And then I tumble into Kere Thonnur. There is no trace of conflict here, no broken fortifications as there are in nearby Srirangapatnam and no tombs of warriors, old or new.Instead, I drive past a mix of well-built houses and mud huts, glance quickly at what looks like an old wall on my right and go on to the hill yonder. It is a very short drive up the hill. On the way I pass a group of people happily splashing around under a mini waterfall. I find myself wondering what the source of the cascading water could be.That question gets answered at the top of the hill for on the other side is a lake, an expanse of clear blue water. The water is clean, something quite remarkable in today's age. On a weekend, there are a couple of dozen people milling about, enjoying the water and vista.The cool water invites me to jump in for a swim and as I look around I find half-a-dozen people who accepted similar invitations and taken the plunge.The water of the lake is deep in parts but there is no one to warn people to be careful. Instead, there is a partially submerged idol of Nandi - Shiva's celestial bull - which looks ready to pray for your soul if you venture too far.This place is called the Thonnur Lake, also known as the Tirumala Lake. That it is not crowded is because it has not been discovered by the residents of Bangalore and Mysore.I go back to the village and this time, I drive slowly. And I stop at the place where I saw the old wall, leaving my vehicle to walk up for a closer look. I end up circumambulating the old wall on the track and find a huge gateway looming before me. It stands by itself at a distance from the wall, looking like part of a building block puzzle someone forgot to put in.On the left is a gap in the wall, which is the doorway to a temple. This is the Krishna Gopal Swamy temple, one of several in Kere Thonnur dedicated to the God Vishnu or his incarnations.Passing through that doorway, I find myself in a large courtyard at the centre of which is the main shrine. On my right is a pillared structure which looks like a shelter for devotees to gather. All around the inside of the old wall - which looms up to about 15 feet in height - runs a pillared corridor with small shrines at the corner. The most interesting feature of this temple is the set of drawings on the walls. These are outline drawings and not full paintings. Gods and goddesses, elephants and birds are all depicted here.Unfortunately, the flaking of plaster from the walls has severely damaged some drawings while in other places, blurring of the outlines has caused the image to become barely visible.Across the road from the Gopal Swamy temple is the Narayana temple. Like the former, this temple too has a high wall around it. The most striking feature of this temple is the solid stone pillar in front of it.About 40 ft in height, the pillar has iconography representing Vishnu on all four sides. Between the pillar and the temple entrance is a small stepped tank, used for cleansing.Of singular architectural importance in this temple is that the inner sanctum is protected by a wall at the back.The space between the wall and the shrine thus forms a parikrama where devotees can move around the shrine in ceremonial prayer. Within the sanctum, the place comes alive when the priest lights a small lamp. As the flame gradually increases and touches the far corners of the sanctum, I look around in wonder at the idols tucked away into alcoves all around, forming a protective army for the main idol of Vishnu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16563582", "title": "Day after, NCP split over Ajit Pawar\u2019s resignation", "text": "MUMBAI: Maharashtra deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar's resignation seems to have created a vertical split within his own party, the NCP, as much as it has created a divide between the NCP and its alliance partner, the Congress. Both partners spent Wednesday waiting for the other to blink first but, at the end of the day, it was clear that the central and the state NCP leaderships were looking at his controversial exit through vastly different prisms.From accepting Pawar's resignation to the party's stand on chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, seen as the main force behind making corruption within the NCP a major issue, the state and the national leaderships reacted differently to every aspect thrown up by the stepping down of the state's former water resources minister. Pawar's resignation on Tuesday followed a series of TOI exposes of scams in the irrigation department.NCP president and Ajit Pawar's uncle, Sharad Pawar, said in Kolkata that Chavan's removal was the Congress's internal matter. The man widely perceived to have the Senior Pawar's ear, Union heavy industries minister Praful Patel, echoed his leader: \"We have not asked for Chavan's resignation. We only feel quick steps should be taken to bring out the white paper on the status of irrigation projects not only in Vidarbha but in the entire state so that there is no atmosphere of mistrust.''Knowledge of the party central leadership's stand, however, did not prevent state NCP leaders from deciding to press for a change of leadership in the government on the basis of \"complete non-cooperation from the chief minister\".Chavan's ousterThe Congress itself stood firmly behind Chavan. AICC spokesperson Rashid Alvi said in Delhi there was no question of his removal. \"Our local unit, including the chief minister, is keeping a close watch on the situation,\" Alvi said.But nowhere was the difference of opinion between the state and central NCP leaderships more pronounced than in their stand on accepting Ajit Pawar's resignation. Senior NCP leaders in New Delhi felt the resignation should be accepted as it came in the wake of allegations of rampant corruption in major irrigation projects. In Mumbai, however, not only legislators but even most NCP cabinet members said the resignation should not be accepted.\"No one asked Ajit Pawar to resign. He has quit on his own in view of serious allegations against him. He himself has declared he will not join the cabinet till he is cleared of all charges. So we have decided to keep the deputy chief minister's chair vacant,\" senior NCP leader Patel told TOI. \"We have taken note of the legislators' sentiments and Sharad Pawar and I will meet them on Friday,'' he added. Sharad Pawar's daughter, NCP MP Supriya Sule , added her voice to this in Nashik. Resigning was her cousin Ajit Pawar's personal decision, it was \"his inner voice\", she said, and added there was no question of withdrawing from the coalition because of the resignation.In Mumbai, however, a party meet to condole former Assembly speaker Babasaheb Kupekar's death ended in sloganeering in Ajit Pawar's support and persistent demands that he withdraw his resignation.The total disregard for the central leadership's stand came through more in the manner that support was expressed. The NCP central leadership had categorically told the state unit that Kupekar's condolence meet should be purely that and should see no political resolution. But a massive show of strength, featuring thousands of Ajit Pawar supporters, was organized near Vidhan Bhavan. And, embarrassingly for the central leadership, leading the sloganeering were legislators and ministers. Ajit Pawar himself did not speak but, after the meeting, state NCP president Madhukar Pichad said legislators had passed a couple of resolutions. First, Ajit Pawar should withdraw his resignation; and, second, all legislators expressed their confidence in his leadership and a decision on the resignation should be taken by Sharad Pawar.NCP legislators and cabinet members had a prolonged meeting at Ajit Pawar's residence before that. The outgoing deputy chief minister reportedly said there was no need for cabinet members to quit but, at the same time, they should build pressure on Chavan for the early release of the white paper on irrigation projects.The only different voice in the state NCP leadership was public works minister Chhagan Bhujbal's. Bhujbal, who too is facing charges of corruption and irregularities in the construction of Maharashtra Sadan in New Delhi, said he was against resigning from the cabinet on charges of corruption. \"It will be wrong to quit merely on the basis of someone making wild allegations. I will not quit unless the charges are proved,'' Bhujbal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16564449", "title": "Odisha's child sex ratio falls in 10 years", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: There has been a marked decline in child sex ratio in Odisha with the figures declining from 953 in 2001 to 934 in 2011. Also, more than one-third of the districts have revealed a sex ratio of less than 900 at birth. The alarming figures squarely point to the prevalence of sex determination tests and sex selective eliminations mostly in central and coastal districts, said health secretary P K Mahapatra.Waking up to the situation, the Odisha State Legal Services Authority, department of health and family welfare in association with the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA) organized a colloquium for district collectors for strict implementation of Pre-conception and Prenatal Diagnostic Techniques (PC and PNDT) Act 1994.Chief minister Naveen Patnaik asked district collectors to curb the menace. \"We have a strong PCPNDT Act and I expect the district magistrates to accord high priority in implementing this Act and prevent the misuse of technology. It is also necessary to gear up against cultural, economic and religious roots of this social malady through women empowerment and intensive information, education and communication campaigns.\"Patnaik said, \"A convergent action plan needs to be put in place wherein the departments of health, women and child development, panchayati raj and others engage PRIs, SHGs, ASHAs, anganwadi workers and youths to work towards promoting the value of the girl child.\"Speaking on the occasion, chief justice of Odisha High Court V Gopala Gawda said, \"Article 14 and 15 of the Constitution provides Right to Equality and equal opportunity to both men and women irrespective of caste, creed, sex and religion. This must be protected. Practice of sex determination test is more prevalent in urban areas while in rural areas cases are only one to two per cent. PCPNDT Act is the meaningful enactment to see the sex-ratio is maintained and its proper implementation is important. Collectors must go to people to create awareness while judicial officials must see that culprits are mercilessly booked and cases disposed off expeditiously. There is a need for change in people's attitude.\"Frederika Meijer, UNFPA India representative while appreciating the progress made by the state in several health and development indicators said a gender balanced society is also essential.According to 2011 census, Nayagarh district has the lowest sex ratio of 851 followed by Dhenkanal at 870, Angul 884, Ganjam 899 and Khurda 910. The sex ratio in around five districts has declined by 40 to 50 points. Even tribal districts like Sundargarh, Kalahandi, Rayagada and Koraput have registered an alarming decline in child sex ratio ranging from 37 points in Sundargarh to 23 points in Koraput district from 2001 to 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16566353", "title": "Ludhiana college sweeps prizes on first day", "text": "LUDHIANA: City's SCD Government College, Civil Lines, won 16 prizes in fine arts and music competitions held at A S College, Khanna on the first day of Panjab University Youth and Heritage Festival for Zone A.As many as 1,000 students from 20 colleges coming under Zone A are participating in the four-day youth festival that started on Tuesday.Around 30 students of SCD Government College clinched the prizes in the events held on the first day. MA English student Ramzan Ali stunned the audience with his rendition of the folk song and received a standing ovation from the judges and thousands of students.Surjit Singh of BA-III was all smiles after defending his supremacy in the percussion instrumental event as he charmed the audiences with his skills on the tabla.Principal Neelam Bharadwaj praised the efforts of teachers and students who brought laurels to the college on the first day and raising the standards of the festival. \"We expect more prizes on the coming days of the festival,\" she said.Champs from college First-prize winners Music: Folk song \u2014 Ramzan Ali, bhajan \u2014 Ramzan Ali, ghazal \u2014 Mithun Kumar, percussion \u2014 Surjit SinghFine Arts: Collage making \u2014 Manisha Vinayak, cartooning \u2014 Jasleen Kaur, on the spot painting \u2014 Amritpal SinghSecond-prize winnersMusic: Swar vadya \u2014 Manpreet KaurFine ArtsRangoli- Nandini, poster making \u2014 Amritpal SinghThird-prize winnersMusic: Percussion \u2014 Gurpreet Singh, group song and group shabadFine arts: Clay modelling \u2014 Ramandeep Singh, still life \u2014 Lata", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16563742", "title": "Exceed cap, pay Rs 767 for LPG cylinder in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: Breaking the stasis prevailing for nearly a fortnight, oil companies have told LPG distributors that the market price of a cooking gas cylinder for a domestic consumer in Mumbai will be Rs 767.For the first three cylinders ordered in the remaining six months of the current financial year, household users will have to pay the old subsidized rate of Rs 423. But thereafter, for each cylinder, the market price of Rs 767 will apply.Distributors said oil companies have added to the consumer categories of old.While the domestic and commercial groupings still hold, a new category of \"non-domestic exempted\" users has been carved out which will include schools, hospitals and charities. These institutions too will get three subsidized cylinders till the end of this fiscal year at Rs 423, but thereafter they will have to pay a market price of Rs 958 per cylinder. The cost of a commercial cylinder, as in the past, will remain Rs 1407.50.Both categories and prices will come into effect retroactively from September 17, distributors said.\"We have been told about the pricing and categories by oil companies through emails. The prices are final, although the market price for charities and the like may be higher by a rupee or two,\" said Pratap Doshi, president of All India LPG Distributors' Federation.In Thane, Navi Mumbai and other areas neighbouring Mumbai, the market prices may vary by Rs 5 to Rs 15 due to the difference in octroi and taxation.Doshi complained that the new categorization would further complicate distributors' task of keeping track of subsidized cylinders and pricing. \"Cylinders for domestic consumers are of the same size, shape and colour. We need a proper system to monitor usage and cost,\" said Doshi. Distributors have threatened to stop delivery of cylinders across the country from October 1 unless the Centre provides clarity on how to monitor the subsidy cap.Officials in oil companies confirmed the market prices and categorization identified by distributors and added that they will make the official announcement on Thursday.The central government on September 13 had capped the number of subsidized cooking gas cylinders allowed to each household in a financial year at six. Till the end of the current fiscal year, however, it said households will be entitled to just three subsidized cylinders irrespective of how many cylinders they have consumed thus far. Any cylinder bought above the ceiling will come at the market price.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16565895", "title": "Management fest from October 1", "text": "MYSORE: The SDM Institute of Management Development will host a two-day undergraduate fest, 'Abhigyaan' from October 1. The fest will feature six competitions with a focus on improving the basic qualities required to pursue a career in management. Interested students can register their names before September 29.Visit http://www.sdmimd.ac.in/abhigyaan or contact: 9986755764.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "jorhat/guwahati", "code": "16565979", "title": "Kaziranga loses two more rhinos to poachers", "text": "JORHAT/GUWAHATI: Poachers are taking advantage of the inundation of Kaziranga by floodwaters and are killing one-horned rhinos with impunity in and around the park. A vast portion of the national park, a world heritage site about 250km from here Guwahati, remains submerged due to the ongoing spate of floods.On Wednesday, two rhinos were killed and their horns chopped off by poachers when they strayed out of the park to escape the floodwaters. One of the killings was gruesome as the rhino's horn and a part of his ear were cut while the animal was still alive. It was a rerun of a similar poaching of a female rhino in January 2008. The male rhino's carcass was later found by forest guards at Parkupahar area in Karbi Anglong hills, adjoining Kaziranga. Forest officials found the carcass of the other rhino killed on Wednesday with the horn missing at Gotonga area in Bagori range of the park. Poachers attacked the rhino while the animal was taking shelter at an elevated place after escaping the deluge inside the park.The Wednesday killings occurred barely four days after another rhino was shot dead by hunters in the periphery of Kaziranga.The park has lost four rhinos within the span of a week. The death toll due to poaching has reached 14 this year alone. In June, two rhinos were killed by poachers when the animals strayed outside of the park during the first wave of floods.\"Poachers are always on the prowl for rhinos during floods. When the animals move out of the park in search of elevated ground, they became easy target for poachers. Despite stepping up our vigilance, poachers have managed to kill the rhinos,\" a park official said.The official added that a close watch is being maintained on five rhinos still sheltered in the forested areas of Karbi Anglong hills.This time, Kaziranga experienced the worst floods in the past eight years. Nearly 700 animals, including 19 rhinos, perished in the first wave of the deluge in June this year. The floods have also disturbed the anti-poaching mechanism, making patrolling difficult. Almost 80 per cent of the 430 sq km park is still under water. About 114 of 152 anti-poaching camps have been submerged and 14 camps had to be shifted to different locations following the rise in the water level in the park.The spurt in rhino deaths has triggered a volley of protests from different organisations. The All Assam Students Union (Aasu) and the Asom Jatiyatabadi Yuva Chatra Parishad (AJYCP) took to the streets at Kaziranga on Wednesday, shouting slogans against chief minister Tarun Gogoi and forest minister Rockybul Hussain for their failure in curbing poaching. Aasu demanded a CBI inquiry into frequent cases of rhino poaching, while the AJYCP blocked NH-37, which passes through the southern boundary of the park, for a while.Soumyadeep Dutta of Nature's Beckon, a conservation NGO, said that the rise in rhino poaching showed poor monitoring on the animals once they leave the park during floods.\"Floodwaters are bound to affect Kaziranga. Rhinos and other animals comes out of the park during floods in search of elevated ground. Had there been a proper monitoring exercise and strengthening of security in peripheral areas of the park, such deaths could have been avoided,\" Dutta said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "16570342", "title": "Congress announces Rs 1 lakh to kin of Dalit victims in Thangadh", "text": "RAJKOT: Gujarat Pradesh Congress Committee ( GPCC) has announced Rs 1 lakh assistance to kin of Dalit youth victims who were killed in police firings in Thangadh town in Surendranagar district last week.Three Dalit youths were killed and one person was seriously injured in a police firing in Thangadh town on Saturday night and Sunday afternoon. The deceased have been identified as Pankaj Sumra (16), Mehul Rathod (17), Prakash Parmar (26). The injured person Chanabhai Vaniya, 25, is under critical condition in civil hospital in Rajkot.Congress leader Mohan Prakash went to meet the victims' family members and handed over the money to them as financial assistance from Congress.Meanwhile, the state CID (crime) on Wednesday booked four policemen on charges of murder in connection with the killing of three dalit youths in Thangadh town of Surendranagar district in the police firing onSeptember22 and 23.Police sub-inspectors K P Jadeja and Bharatsinh Solanki and head constables Yogesh Gadhvi and Nathubha Andubha were alsobookedforcriminalconspiracyandvarious sections of Prevention of Atrocities against Scheduled Castes and Schedule Tribes Act, a senior district police official said.Meanwhile, protests against the killings continued to spread across other towns in the region. Hours before the FIR was filed against the cops, dalits also expressed their severe resentment against Shambhu Prasad Tundia,atop religious leader of their community and a legislator from Patdi in Surendrangar.They reached Jhanjarkha village near Dhandhuka in Ahmedabad district and gheraoed him, complaining that he had given them hollow assurances about action against police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "nizamabad", "code": "16562699", "title": "Madhu Yashki gets taste of pro-Telangana agitations", "text": "NIZAMABAD: Irate over AICC functionary Vayalar Ravi's derogatory remarks on the separate statehood issue, pro-Telangana agitators on Wednesday weighed into Congress leaders. Nizamabad MP Madhu Yashki Goud tasted the ire of Telangana supporters who mobbed him during his tour of inspection of the Mee Seva centre at the Rajiv Gandhi Auditorium premises in Khaleelwadi.A group of Progressive Democratic Students' Union (PDSU) activists gheraoed Madhu Yashki and raised slogans against the MP demanding that he should resign from his post if he was truly committed to the formation of a separate Telangana.Describing Madhu Yashki as a Telangana betrayer, they charged him with engaging in doublespeak on the separate statehood issue. They ridiculed the MP for touring the district at a time when the Telangana Joint Action Committee (TJAC) was making arrangements for the 'Telangana March' scheduled for September 30.There were heated scenes when followers of the MP raised counter-slogans in support of Madhu Yashki. Although police arrived at the spot to quell the agitation, Madhu Yashki asked them not to arrest the protesting students.Earlier, speaking to reporters, Madhu Yashki said that eight Congress MPs from the region were planning to participate in the September 30 march. He alleged that chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy, TDP supremo Chandrababu Naidu and YSR Congress president YS Jaganmohan Reddy had conspired to work against the formation of a separate Telangana state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16563114", "title": "Cops find links between double murder cases divided by a year", "text": "NEW DELHI: Call this stroke of luck or speculative investigation, the west district police has found 'connections' between two double-murder cases that took place within a gap of one-and-a-half years. With new leads, cops are hopeful of solving the cases now.Wife of a property dealer, Anuradha Nangia (34), and his son, Charis (6), were found murdered in west Patel Nagar on July 9, 2010. In another case, Gurpreet Kaur (29) and her daughter Jasmin (8) were found murdered at their residence at Rajouri Garden on January 14 earlier this year.According to sources, both 'cold' cases found life when the old cases cell of west district found that the deceased, in both the cases, were either holding strands of hair in their hands or some hair was lying near the victims. Also, it was found that while Jasmin was studying at a residential school in Himachal Pradesh, Charis's brother was also a student in the same school. The similarities did not end here. Both Anuradha and Gurpreet were found to have visited the school a few weeks before being murdered.\"A team was sent to the school two months ago. We tried to find the absentee employees who might have been close to the victims or their siblings. But so far there have been no leads ,'' said an investigating officer.Police have sent the strand of hair for forensic tests and believe that the report can help crack the cases. \"Due to a staff crunch, the forensic test cannot be completed,'' said an officer.When TOI contacted additional CP (west) V Renganathan, he refused to comment saying that both cases are developing and under investigation.According to police, DNA was conducted on the hair of both the families' relatives and the results have been negative so far, suggesting the involvement of outsiders in both the murders.Police have sent the two strands of hair for forensic tests and believe that the report can help crack the cases, said a source", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16569766", "title": "Upendra celebrated film's completion", "text": "Recently, the cast and crew of 'Real' Star Upendra's upcoming flick celebrated the completion of the film's shoot. The bash saw the lead hero, Uppi, in attendance, along with his leading lady, Lakshmi Rai.We also spotted the two other female actors of the film \u2014 Shruthi and Umashri \u2014 at this do.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16562509", "title": "No violence, cops warn Telangana groups", "text": "HYDERABAD: Claiming that they have received intelligence inputs which suggest that the 'Chalo Hyderabad' march slated for September 30 may trigger violence, city police have warned agitators of stern action in case they are found engaging in arson and rioting. Briefing the media about issues related to the Telangana Joint Action Committee (TJAC)'s 'Chalo Hyderabad' protest to be held on Tank Bund, director general (law &amp; order) SA Huda on Wednesday appealed to the organisers to rethink the September 30 date for the protest which comes a day before inauguration of the CoP-11 international diversity meet.\"International media will be in the city to cover CoP-11 and the violence in the city may cause damage to the image of the nation. So, we have not granted permission to the protest and will act tough against anyone attempting to create trouble,\" Huda said.Police are worried that protesters might sneak into the city in the garb of devotees looking to participate in the Ganesh immersions on September 29. \"We have information that communal elements might indulge in violence during the protest,\" Huda said.Police said that the intelligence gathered so far indicated that there was every chance of the protest turning violent with likely attacks on Seemandhra business establishments and leaders, their properties and offices.\"Even though TJAC has been claiming that the protest will be peaceful, we have inputs that there is a clear chance of the protest turning violent due to mob frenzy, as was the case during last year's Million March. This time, there might be attacks on Seemandhra business establishments and their leaders,\" Huda said.In the wake of such inputs, police have already identified potential targets, including government buildings, party offices, politicians and business establishments, where they have decided to provide adequate security presence. Police have information that apart from Necklace Road and Tank Bund, protesters might create trouble at certain areas in Jubilee Hills and Banjara Hills.Police also have information that TJAC activists were planning to stage protests in front of hotels hosting CoP-11 delegates. To prevent any untoward incidents, police would deploy 15,000 personnel in the city with checkposts having been put in place at all entry points to the city.\"The Centre has given us sufficient paramilitary forces; but our main aim is to stop protesters from entering the city. So, checkposts have been put in place at all entry points. On Wednesday, we stopped protesters coming to the city in three buses from Suryapet and sent them back,\" Huda said.At another news briefing, Hyderabad police commissioner Anurag Sharma said that they had requested the Bhagyanagar Ganesh Utsav Samithi to complete the immersions as early as possible. It was learnt that police would arrange additional cranes for the immersions to be duly completed. \"We have appealed to TJAC convener M Kodandaram to postpone the protest as lakhs of people, including women and children, will be present at Tank Bund at the time of the protest. However, they have not agreed to it,\" Sharma said.The commissioner said that the police might consider it were TJAC to approach them with a new date for the protest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16565712", "title": "Single medical entrance test for post-graduation from 2013", "text": "NEW DELHI: Admission to all postgraduate courses in medical colleges across India from next year will be through a common entrance test to be conducted by National Board of Examination from November 23 to December 6, 2012.The test will be applicable for PG seats of all the 350 medical colleges across India, which account for close to 20,000 seats, except the three institutes set up by acts of Parliament \u2014 AIIMS, PGI Chandigarh and JIPMER, Puducherry.In a statement issued on Wednesday, the health ministry said the new system would help promote transparency and streamline admission to post graduate medical and dental courses.\"The government has decided to introduce a single entrance examination to be known as National eligibility- cum-Entrance Test (NEET) from the next academic year ie 2013-2014.\"The National Board of Examination (NBE) will conduct NEET-PG for admission to MD/MS/PG Diploma course courses offered by all medical colleges/institutions coming under the ambit of the Medical Council of India,\" the health ministry said.The first NEET-PG in 2013-14 will be held online by NBE from November 23 to December 6, 2012 at various centres in 34 cities of the country. Details of NEET-PG for medical courses are available at www. nbe. gov. in/neetpg. The NEET-PG for dental courses will be conducted by the AIIMS for admission in MDS courses offered by all the dental colleges/institution coming under the ambit of the Dental Council of India.AIIMS will notify the dates of the examination in due course of time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16565056", "title": "Major blaze averted at Kolkata mall", "text": "KOLKATA: A fire broke out at the Mani Square mall off EM Bypass near Ultadanga on Wednesday morning. Sources said, as adequate fire safety measures were installed in the mall, the fire was controlled within hours and a major blaze was averted.The security guards of the mall said that around 4.45am, they heard the fire alarm and found thick black smoke billowing out of a garment shop located on the first floor of the building. The fire safety gadgets like, sprinkler, started working soon after the floor got heated due to the blaze. The security guards informed fire brigade officials and ten fire tenders were pressed into service.Meanwhile, the security guards also used fire extinguishers and their own water resources to check the spread of the fire. control the fire and resisted the fire to spread into other portion of the floor.Within hours, fire brigade officials broke into the shop, cutting the steel shutters. and reached up to the seat of fire.They managed to douse the flames within 8am.Police also rushed to the spot, along with their trained disaster management group officials.Till 1pm, the mall was kept shut for security reason. Later, it was opened, but the first floor remained shut throughout the day. authorities decided to but after that the mall authority allowed to open shops except the first floor.Fire officials confirmed that the fire was restricted to the shop where it first broke out and only some garments were damaged. They suspect that a short circuit is behind the fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16563302", "title": "Year's seventh cylinder to cost Rs 793.50 in Lucknow", "text": "LUCKNOW: Oil companies finalised the rate of the unsubsidised cylinder here on Wednesday. The unsubsidised cylinder will cost Rs 793.50 in the state capital. As per decision taken by the union government earlier, domestic consumers will get only six subsidised cooking gas cylinders. On buying the seventh cylinder or beyond, consumers will have to pay the commercial cost.General manager, marketing, Indian Oil Corporation Limited (IOCL), BS Kanth who's brand of cooking gas, Indane has a significant presence in the state, said the cost was fixed keeping the concession on excise and customs duty in mind. \"Had it not been for the exemptions, non-subsidised cylinder would have cost Rs 1,047 per unit,\" he said.In other parts of UP, the cost would be more or less the same. District-wise rates would depend on the distance of the place from the oil company's cooking gas plant. For example, if a company has a plant in Lucknow, the cost would be cheaper here than in the place supplies are made from the plant. Oil company personnel informed that the cost would not exceed Rs 794.50 elsewhere.This cost means a steep rise in the annual household expenditure. Keeping in mind that a household of four members uses one cylinder every month, their requirement for a year is 12. Buying six unsubsidised cylinders would mean an additional expenditure of around Rs 4,000 per annum. Housewives in the city have already condemned the decision to limit the subsidy on cooking gas used for domestic purposes. \"I think, we will have to go back to the age of bio-gas and cow dung cake to keep the budget in control,\" said Meera Singh, a resident of Gomtinagar.Meanwhile, oil companies are also gearing up for the new regime by amending their software to track a consumer's demand for sixth cylinder. This led to rumours that the oil companies had imposed a ban on procurement of a new gas connection. When asked to comment, Kanth said, \"No such ban has been imposed. Even routine supplies would be made as scheduled. We are just in a phase of transition but that has not affected any work.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16564208", "title": "Madhya Pradesh State Electricity Board warns Ganesh Mandals", "text": "INDORE: Madhya Pradesh State Electricity Board (MPSEB) has warned Ganesh Mandals against tapping of power illegally from its power lines and has instead offered easy temporary power connections at domestic rates. There are more than thousand Ganesh Mandals in the city and the cases of power theft go up during the festive season.\"This time, we installed electricity meter at 116 mandals to avoid illegal use of power. If found guilty, appropriate action would be taken against the accused,\" said executive engineer (MPEB) Sunil Jaiswal.Last year, 22 cases of power thefts in the northern part of the city were noticed during the Garba mahotsav. \"This time we are alert and even people don't want to get into any sort of trouble. Hence, till now, there has been no case of power theft witnessed in the city yet this year,\" informed Jaiswal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16562278", "title": "Who will teach the teachers?", "text": "NAGPUR: Teaching is without doubt the most important of all professions. After all, everything starts from here. An entrepreneur, doctor, bureaucrat or politician - everyone starts off by spending over a decade in school. The quality of education imparted in this period clearly plays a vital role in shaping their life.While the term \"quality of education\" comprises various factors, the most important is the quality of teacher itself. The syllabi can be only as good as the teacher who teaches it. Teacher education institutes (TEI), where our future teachers are trained, have long been considered a less glamorous part of the entire system. In the first of our three part series part on these institutes, we take a look at why it has not kept pace with changing times.Old syllabiIf anyone doubts TEIs are not the priority in our education system, all that is needed to change their mind is a look at the syllabi. The Nagpur University (NU) last updated its syllabus for Masters in Education (M.Ed) in 1993, almost 20 years ago. Even the Bachelor of Education (B.Ed) course was last upgraded in 2005 and is due for an overhaul.A senior teacher educator told TOI that some subjects have outlived their utility. \"This is an era of digital classrooms where E-Learning is all pervasive, but our course material is still stuck in the chalk and blackboard era. Also we are teaching biology, chemistry and physics separately for specialization but the state board has combined everything into Science-1 and Science-2, displaying a total lack of coordination between two authorities. Some subjects will, of course, retain their relevance but when it comes to teaching techniques, the world has moved on but our syllabi have not,\" she said.Almost every school board, especially CBSE, has introduced many changes in the way teaching takes place inside a classroom. Lack of coordination between authorities results in teachers having to do a major part of their learning on the job or attend orientation classes by private companies.Diploma in teacher educationThe current system allows even someone with just a Std XII qualification to be eligible for a teaching post after completing a two year diploma. Many educationists have time and again expressed their reservations over quality of education that teachers passing out from the D.TEd course can impart. This course earlier had an extra six month mandatory internship at government recognized schools, but a few years ago that requirement was done away with.Principal of a local TEI said, \"the training was government policy and they paid the stipend as well. The problem with the internship was that TEIs would send all their trainees to a particular school that would sometimes be in a different town. Also the stipend was hardly Rs150-Rs200 per month which proved to be a major problem. No one was happy and the government did away with it altogether.\"TOI had reported on September 26 how even the Supreme Court appointed high powered commission expressed reservations over this point. Justice Verma Commission remarked that \"the teacher education system in India has traditionally been organized on the assumption that lower academic qualifications are acceptable for teaching at the elementary stages of school education.\" Under Right To Education Act (RTE) these diploma holders can now teach only up to the Std V level- the earlier rules permitted teaching till Std VII.Bachelor in educationThe next rung of qualification in this field is the Bachelor of Education (B.Ed), for which the minimum eligibility criteria is graduation. But not all graduates make the cut here. The Directorate of Higher Education in Pune lists out specific graduation streams from which graduates are eligible to take admission for B.Ed. Apart from the regular science, commerce and arts streams, the government has now allowed graduates from home science, agriculture science, computer and information technology, engineering and social work to apply for B.Ed. The logic for this is that subjects being taught at the school level (till Std XII) should have been taken up by applicants in their graduation studies.The government also conducted a Common Entrance Test (CET) this year and only those qualifying were eligible for admissions to B.Ed. Deepak Bajaj, who manages a teacher training college, said, \"hundreds of seats are lying vacant across Maharashtra and the affected colleges approached the government. Now the government has decided that admissions for vacant seats can be done without mandatory CET criterion.\" What this also means is that the effort, time and money invested by students who gave the CET has come to a naught.Masters in education", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16565805", "title": "Secret royal veto powers kick up a storm in UK", "text": "LONDON: The British government will go to court against confidential letters written by Prince Charles to government ministers being made public, reflecting his intervention on legislative and other matters. The British royal family is supposed to play a completely apolitical role.Last week, a freedom of information tribunal instructed Whitehall to do so. An estimated seven ministries of the government will have to hand over correspondence undertaken during 2004-05.In August, information commissioner John Kirkhope ordered release of secret documents which establish that a little known \"royal veto\" exists when it comes to formulating bills in Britain. This would lay threadbare details of the cabinet office's guidance to civil servants to seek approval of the British monarch, Queen Elizabeth II , and her son Charles, when drafting certain legislation.The commissioner asserted it was \"in public interest\" for full facts to be exposed. According to UK's Guardian newspaper, Charles's consent was sought on at least 12 draft bills in the last two parliamentary sessions. It seems his powers emanate from his ownership of the \u00a3700 million Duchy of Cornwall estate, which possesses prime properties in various parts of Britain, including palatial parts of London. Charles has been consulted on matters pertaining to coroners, energy, planning, economic development and construction, marine and coastal access and housing and regeneration. The existence of veto surprised many Britons and even aroused criticism from a section.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "goa", "code": "16563299", "title": "Flights of fancy", "text": "GOA: With the Goa tourism season officially beginning on October 1, the first tourist charter flight-a Saudi Air jet-will land at Dabolim on October 6.M Suresh, director (airport), Airports Authority of India (Goa) said 738 charter flights have so far confirmed landings for the season. With requests pouring in the number is likely to cross 950 by the time the charter season ends in March 2013.Of the 738 flights, 70% are from Russia. But the British are coming too, followed by flights from Ukraine, Kazakhstan, Latvia, Poland, Germany, Sweden, Finland, etc.Only Goa, Kerala and Rajasthan attract charter tourists, with the country's smallest state attracting over 90% of the arrivals, officials said. Charter tourists, in fact, form a major chunk of Goa's visitors. While such tourists constituted almost 80% of arrivals in the past, over the last 2-3 years the proportion has started dropping slightly.There are benefits in charter tourism. Most hotels have a number of their rooms booked, as tying up with charters gives an assured income to the hotelier even if prices are quite low.But this is also among the reasons why the Union tourism ministry is not encouraging of charter tourism, officials pointed out. Revenue from charter operations is less per person compared to FITs (free of itinerary travellers). Also, charter operations involve company-to-company business transactions. Barely any benefit trickle to the local population in the form of taxi drivers, etc.Charter tourism was much sought after earlier because it was felt that the spending capacity of such tourists was higher than domestic tourists but less than FITs. Now that is changing and domestic tourists spend as much, sometimes even more, than charter tourists, officials point out.Sita, one of the largest travel management companies, speaks highly of charter tourism. \"Had it not been for charters, many two-star and three-star hotels would have closed down by now,\" said Ernest Dias, vice president, Sita (Goa). The company has contracted 132 hotels ranging from one-star to five-star deluxe.Le Passage to India has similarly chartered almost 130 hotels. Reshma Alves, Goa head of Le Passage to India, said charter tourism constitutes almost 60% of their total business.Dias is projecting a 10-15% growth is business this year for the firm. Of the total of about 70,000 charter passengers Sita handled last year, almost around 40,000 were from Russia, he said.In contrast, the number of charters from the UK has slid from seven flights per week last year to six flights per week this year. Only three years ago, there used to be 18 flights per week from the UK. Germany too has dropped its flights from two to one per week. It's the economic recession in Europe, claimed Dias. He confirmed the arrival of two flights per week from Scandinavia this year and one flight per week from Finland, Poland, Kazakhstan, Estonia and Ukraine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "16565463", "title": "Englishbazar residents fume at parties on medical campus", "text": "MALDA: Residents of Englishbazar have gone to police against the noisy all-night parties by a large section of medical students.A group of residents carried out a signature campaign and submitted memoranda to the principal of Malda Medical College and the police on Wednesday.Principal U K Bhadra has promised to put an end to the late-night parties and has summoned the guardians of the accused students.\"It is most unfortunate. I had warned the students after getting complaints from the locals but they have not mended their ways. We shall not allow hooliganism on campus,\" Bhadra said.The medical college is still under construction. The authorities have arranged for a make-shift hostel for male students on the campus, adjacent to the Singatala locality in Ward No 5 of English Bazaar. Locals allege that since the day the boarders moved in, they started creating trouble.It is common to see medical students drinking liquor on the roof, say some locals. The students often arrange parties where they set up loudspeakers and play loud music. \"They dance to obscene songs and the music continues till 3-4am on most days,\" said a resident.What's worse, they shine torches into neighbouring homes, forcing locals to keep their windows shut even on very warm nights. Girls in the neighbourhood fear to come at night for fear of the rowdy hostel boys.Some residents approached the boarders with a request to stop the late-night music but they were threatened and insulted.Ward No 5c councillor Ramaprasad Banerjee said: \"The residents of our locality have long been complaining about the hostel boys, but we could not take any step thinking of the future of the students. But the situation has gone beyond tolerance and we have approached police. We have appealed to the principal to shift the hostel. Otherwise, there is the risk of a clash between locals and students.\"SP Jayanta Pal said police would investigate the complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16566647", "title": "Goa's hot?Think again", "text": "On the celebration of World Tourism Day, realization dawns that for all the fabled beauty of its land and the famously hospitable nature of its people, Goa got only 4.45 lakh foreign tourists of the 1.94 crore tourists that visited India last year. And while India's foreign exchange earnings from tourism are USD16.5 billion, Goa's share in this is just USD 1.5 billion.In the domestic tourism scenario, Goa does not figure in the top 10 states of India. According to the website of the Union ministry of tourism, in 2011, Uttar Pradesh got 155 million domestic tourists, followed by Andhra Pradesh with 153 million and Tamil Nadu with 137 million. Gujarat, in the 10th spot, got 21 million domestic tourists. In India, the domestic tourist visits are 700 million and Goa gets only around 2.6 million domestic tourists in a year. For the record, Goa does not also figure in the union tourism ministry's website for foreign visitors in 2011. It lists Maharashtra as number one (4.8 million), Tamil Nadu (3.3 million) and Delhi (2.1 million) as the top three states. The last three are Kerala, Karnataka and Himachal Pradesh, in that order.Comparing Goa, India's smallest state, to the much bigger states may not be fair, but still serves to give a sense of where the state stands in terms of absolute numbers.Now the Goa government is hoping, through new initiatives, to increase the domestic tourist visits to Goa to 6 million a year. In earlier years, successive governments have resorted to lofty proclamations to boost tourism but these have remained lofty proclamations only thanks to filth on beaches and garbage in public places.Now there is a new government in place and Manohar Parrikar has hiked the outlay on tourism from ` 95.43 crore last year to ` 261.30 crore for this year. Goa is also getting sizeable central government assistance for tourism.Whether Parrikar and his men will walk the talk remains to be seen.Tourism minister Dilip Parulekar told TOI that illegalities on the beach, which is the most visible face of Goa to tourists, will not be tolerated any more. \"The past government did not care.Recently,we seized three truckloads of beach beds from Baga before the season had begun. A few MLAs rushed to me asking me to release the beach beds. I told them nothing doing,\" Parulekar said, adding that he will also put stringent conditions on the contractors entrusted with lifting garbage from the beaches.Tourism secretary Mathew Samuel reiterated the need for discipline and regulation.\"We need to re-orient our destination and the way we maintain our assets.We have no alternative, otherwise we will be swamped by the very things that we don't want.\" Pointing out that there is definitely a need for regulating Goa's tourism activity, he hopes \"maturity among the stakeholders will come and things will be set right\".\"There is a voice of people telling us that many of the things are not right.Garbage is a problem and Calangute in peak season suffers from this problem. Ultimately, people will start going away. There is no shortage of good beaches in other places. What is special about Goa is its people and general ambience. You destroy that, you destroy Goa,\" says Samuel.The Goan tourism industry seems reasonably happy and hopeful. Ralphe de Souza, spokesman for the Travel and Tourism Association of Goa (TTAG) said Goa is doing well as far as numbers are concerned. Even as arrivals from West Europe fell, arrivals from Eastern Europe and the CIS countries increased. \"These are cold countries whose citizens did not travel much earlier.Goa and its sunshine have become very popular with them. And they are now filling in the gap caused by the reduction of tourists from Western Europe,\" said de Souza.The domestic tourism scenario is also good, a c - cording to h i m , and he says that Goa is popular among honeymooners and young e x e c u t ive s .\"Y o u n g executives work hard in high pressure industries and find Goa an ideal destination to 'chill out' on long weekends.\"But in terms of lacuna, de Souza echoes the views held by many. He said that Goa still lacks infrastructure to attract high-spending tourists. \"Goa needs a conference-cum-exhibition centre with a capacity of not less than 5,000.The centre should be away from the cities. It should be a standalone project and will help Goa capture the MICE market,\" he said.But hope floats. He cited two reasons to be happy. There are two changes happening soon in Goa. One is a new, dedicated cruise liner berth, which is about to be commissioned at the Mormugoa port in December. It has a capacity to dock the world's largest cruise liners, but tourism service providers have to be ready to cash in on the opportunities. Cruise liners dock for not more then 48 hours at a place and within that span of time, tourists have to be showered with whatever tourism services the state has to offer.The second change is that the government of India has selected four metropolitan airports of Mumbai, Chennai, Kolkotta and Delhi to issue visa-on-arrival to tourists from 13 countries. Goa has asked that Dabolim be added to that list. The central government is considering the request.One reason for the delay in granting the request is that earlier immigration at Dabolim was handled by the Goa Police while the above facility needs the Bureau of Immigration to handle the activity. The Bureau of Immigration is about to start operations at Dabolim. The authorities are also waiting for the new terminal to begin around March next year. In all likelihood, Goa will then get the facility. India is also considering granting similar visa-on-arrival benefits to citizens of another 13 countries. \"With the prospect of tourists from 26 countries getting visas on arrival in Goa, things are looking very good,\" de Souza signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16565785", "title": "Confusion in Mysore over LPG subsidy cap", "text": "MYSORE: LPG consumers in Mysore are getting ready to pay more for every refill after three refills at subsided rates. However, the latest subsidy cap has left them confused.The cap came into effect on Sept. 14 when the central government issued an order about it. The new price listing of LPG refills has been released to agencies who are informing customers about the cap.Both domestic consumers and non-domestic exempt category users like canteens of government offices, school/ college laboratories and charitable institution have to buy refills at market prices from the fourth refill. The central government recently said it would restrict subsidized cylinders to six to each customer.As half the financial year is over, the government will now provide only three refills at subsidized rates.Adithya Indane gas distributor Mahesh S A told TOI it received a directive from oil company IOCL about it and he is educating customers about the cap when they come for refills. He said the market price will vary every month depending on international crude oil prices and on the 1st of every month, the prices will be announced. The dealer has over 16,000 customersAnother dealer, on condition of anonymity, feels the new system will give room for cylinders diverted by unscrupulous persons.Venus gas distributors administrator Neetha Maroli says, \"We're following instructions of our oil company and informing consumers about the cap.\"When contacted, food and civil supplies department deputy director Kumudha Girish said the cap on subsidized cylinders came into effect in Mysore from mid-September and consumers would get only three cylinders on subsidy till March 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16570325", "title": "Court clears way for two important roads of Indore", "text": "INDORE: Giving thumps up for the infrastructure projects, court clears way for the two important roads of the city on Wednesday. Court gave decision in favour of administration in LIG Link road and MR-9 case; both the roads are considered important for the development of the city.In the case of LIG Link road-connecting LIG Crossing to Ringh Road, two 'patta' holders out of 13 'patta' holders whose lands are coming in the way of project had moved to court against the decision of administration to cancel their 'pattas' in public interest.Prakash Nathulal and Om Prakash who had moved court had argued that they should be allowed to retain their 'pattas' on two grounds-one IDA has changed the aliengment of the road several times and now their 'pattas' are coming in the way of proposed road and second that earlier administration had offered land against 'pattas' now administration is offering them flats.After hearing the argument justice Jitendra S Khushwaha gave order to vacate the stay on the two 'pattas' holders saying that their arguments were without any basis. The order has came as a big relief for the administration as remaining 11 'patta' holders were planning to move court to obtain stay if court has given decision in favour of 'patta' holder. Now administration will remove the obstacle coming in the way of project, which has bee delayed for years.In the another case related to MR-9, one Jamal Ali had filed writ petition against the administration move to remove his house coming in the way of the road. Petitioner had argued that land on which building has been constructed belongs to him. Justice S C Sharma rejected the argument and order to remove the building within three days. MR-9 has remained incomplete because of the particular house coming in the middle of the road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16562337", "title": "NCP workers put up show of strength", "text": "MUMBAI: Hundreds of NCP workers on Wednesday gathered outside the assembly, where the party was holding a meeting of its legislators, waving banners and shouting slogans in favour of Ajit Pawar in a show of strength that was directed as much at the NCP leadership as at the Congress.\"The NCP workers and leaders, keen to prove their loyalty to Ajit Pawar, took advantage of the crisis and gathered outside the assembly,\" said a political observer, adding that it is a reflection of the strong following Pawar enjoys within the party.Interestingly, some of the banners in the hands of the protesters carried pictures of minister of state for housing Sachin Ahir and party MP Sanjay Patil.\"Besides loyalty, the show of strength is also to mount pressure on alliance partner Congress to not accept the resignation of Ajit Pawar,\" the observer added.Pawar sent his resignation as deputy chief minister to CM Prithviraj Chavan's office on Tuesday, but the Congress is yet to take a call on it.In rural Maharashtra, sections of NCP workers accused the Congress of providing ammunition to the Opposition parties to target the NCP and burnt effigies of CM Chavan.But NCP state unit chief Madhukar Pichad said the DF government partners have cordial relations and that party chief Sharad Pawar has asked for stern disciplinary action against those indulging in anti-party activities (read: participating in protests against its alliance partner).\"NCP has no issues with the chief minister. We do not endorse any kind of protest against Chavan or the Congress,\" Pichad said.As the NCP legislators walked into Vidhan Bhavan for the meeting to assess the situation after Pawar resigned and all the NCP ministers put in their papers in solidarity, the party workers shouted slogans in support of Pawar.\"Ajit Pawar aage badho, hum tumhare saath hai (We are with you, Ajit Pawar) seemed to be the favourite. Another one frequently heard was \"Kirit Somaiya hai hai\", echoing their ire with the BJP leader who has filed a PIL demanding action on the multi-crore irrigation scam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16562185", "title": "Chargers told to furnish 100cr bank guarantee within 10 days", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court has directed the cash-strapped Deccan Chargers to furnish a bank guarantee of Rs 100 crore to the Board of Control for Cricket in India (Bwithin 10 days and appointed a retired Supreme Court judge, C K Thakker, as the sole arbitrator to resolve within three months the dispute between the cricket board and its Hyderabad-based IPL franchise. The order comes as a breather to DC which said it was also planning to undergo a corporate restructuring. The choice of arbitrator was left to the judge as there was no consensus between DC and BCCI as to who should be appointed.Viraj Maniar, advocate for BCCI, said the bank guarantee has to be furnished within 10 days. Justice SJ Kathawala said if the guarantee is not furnished, the termination notice issued by BCCI against DC stands confirmed. The termination notice against the IPL franchise for \"irremedial breaches\" including failure to pay salaries to players was the main challenge in the court. The Hyderabad franchise had rushed to the Bombay HC seeking a stay. The court had ordered that status quo be maintained and has reserved its orders in the matter.On Wednesday, a day after it sought to intervene in the dispute, Yes Bank sought to withdraw its petition. The court has yet to pass formal orders on the plea to withdraw. But the judge remarked to the bank's senior counsel Milind Sathe in jest, \"You must have arm-twisted Deccan Chargers last evening.\" But he added, \"this is not proper\".As DC counsel Zal Andhyarujina had suggested three names as arbitrators which BCCI did not agree to, the Board had suggested the name of retired Chief Justice of India RC Lahoti.BCCI counsel Rafiq Dada and Raju Subramaniam said the Board rules require arbitration to only be done by an ex-SC judge. Zal agreed.Dada said he also wanted the court to clarify that if the status quo continues then BCCI should be able to go ahead with calling bids for the tenth IPL franchise irrespective of the termination notice to DC, as ten teams are permitted and currently there were nine.The HC said once DC transfers the money payable to its foreign players, the demand drafts issued earlier can be returned. Yes Bank had given DC Rs 33 crore to clear its dues to players, both domestic and foreign, and said that BCCI must release Rs 41 crore dues to DC immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16566598", "title": "HC asks Deccan Chargers to furnish Rs 100 crore in 10 days", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court, on Wednesday, directed the cash-strapped IPL franchise Deccan Chargers to furnish a bank guarantee of Rs 100 crore to the BCCI within ten days. The court has also appointed a retired Supreme Court judge CK Thakker as the sole arbitrator to resolve within three months the dispute between the board and the Chargers.BCCI advocate Viraj Maniar said the bank guarantee has to be furnished within ten days now. Justice SJ Kathawala said if the guarantee is not furnished, the termination notice stands confirmed.The termination notice against the franchise for \"irremedial breaches\" including failure to pay salaries of players was the main challenge in the court. DC had rushed to the Bombay high court seeking a stay. The court had placed the matter on status quo and has reserved its orders. On Wednesday, a day after it sought to intervene in the dispute, Yes Bank sought to withdrew its petition. The court has yet to pass formal orders on the plea to withdraw but the judge remarked to the bank's counsel Milind Sathe in jest, \"you must have arm twisted Deccan Chargers last evening.\" Then he added, \"this is not proper\".DC counsel Zal Andhyarujina had suggested three names as arbitrators which BCCI did not agree to. The board had suggested the name of retired Chief Justice of India RC Lahoti. BCCI counsel Rafiq Dada and Raju Subramaniam said the BCCI rules require arbitration to only be done by an ex-SC judge. The DC counsel agreed.Dada said he also wanted to the court to clarify in its order if the status quo continues that BCCI should be able to go ahead with calling bids for the tenth franchise irrespective of the termination notice to DC, as ten franchises are permitted and currently there were nine.The court said once DC wire transfers the money payable to its foreign players, the demand drafts issued earlier can be returned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "16566248", "title": "Rich green tax barrier at Manali has no guard", "text": "MANALI: Having collected Rs 22.65 crore from non-Himachal vehicles from June 19, 2004 to August 31, 2012, the green tax barrier of Manali is functioning well, but there is nothing for the security of tourists and cashier.Over 300 non-HP vehicles enter Manali during off-season while thousands of vehicles from other states visit Manali during peak season. Two-wheelers are being charged Rs 100, small-sized light vehicles Rs 200, bigger vehicles pay Rs 300 and heavy vehicles Rs 500 to enter Manali for seven days. The daily collection of the barrier is between Rs 50,000 to Rs 4 lakh and annual collection of over Rs 3.2 crore. But, surprisingly, barrier has no security.Only an unarmed home guard is taking care of the traffic while the cash counter is virtually without security. Sometimes when the traffic is heavy, the home guard gets busy in regulating traffic and many drivers instead of standing at the counter enter the collection room. Home guard cannot leave the barrier as many times tourists escape without paying the tax. Similar is the condition at green tax barrier installed on Kullu-Manali bypass road at Shuru.Kullu deputy commissioner Amitabh Awasthi said a skilled and armed home guard would be deployed at the barrier for the security of cashier and tourists soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16567982", "title": "New notification dilutes rules governing smoking scenes in films", "text": "The laws governing the depiction of smoking in films have created friction between the filmmakers and the censor board in recent past.But not anymore.A new notification issued on Friday, September 21, by the Government of India has diluted the rules issued last year. The new regulations will come into effect from October 2.According to the new notification, old films and television programmes will have to screen a mandatory 'health message'. The owner or manager of a cinema hall will have to ensure the display of an anti-tobacco health spot of minimum 30 second sat the beginning and the middle of the film. The health spots will be made available to the Central Board of Film Certification by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.Dr. Pankaj Chaturvedi, Associate Professor, Tata Memorial Hospital, who has been fighting against the ill effects of tobacco at all levels told Mumbai Mirror that the government has bowed to pressure from film and TV industry. \"They have diluted the rules notified last year. It is because of year-long agitation by Ministry of Information and Broadcasting and the Central Board of Film Certification. The Ministry has withdrawn several provisions, including the grant of Censor Board's U/A certification to films that display tobacco,\" he said.Dr. Chaturvedi told us that the ministry has withdrawn another requirement,according to which,actors featuring in a film needed to say a disclaimer at the beginning and middle of the film stating that they do not endorse tobacco use. However, the sole clause where the Health Ministry stood its ground involves the requirement of strong editorial justification for any film or TV programme displaying tobacco.Reacting to the new notification, Bhandarkar said, \"I welcome this move and it is great for the filmmakers to express creative rights.\" Incidentally, he had won the case against Delhi High Court when the censor board told to run an anti smoking ticker in his film Heroine.However, according to Mahesh Bhatt, the notification doesn't give complete creative freedom. \"It says that there has to be editorial justification. There is still room for them to intercept a film according to their wishes, which is dangerous. The moment you give them the power, it is up to the ministry whether they want to accept a scene or not. According to me, the censor board has enough powers to come down heavily on movies that have smoking scenes,\" said Bhatt.Contributed by Bapu Deedwania and Mehul S Thakkar", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "palanpurr", "code": "16564728", "title": "5 die as earth caves in", "text": "PALANPURr: Five persons, including a father-son duo, were buried in a well after earth caved in near Upera village, around 17 km from Unjha in Mehsana district, on Wednesday.Rescue teams managed to bring out three other persons alive, police said.Eight persons were digging a well in a farm owned by one Gandaji Rabari when the wall of the structure suddenly caved in. All the deceased belong to Thakore community. Police sub-inspector, Unjha, R V Nandasana said the bodies were removed after a three-hour operation.The deceased include Jenaji Ravaji (45), his son Dinesh (25), Ramtuji Diwanji (35), his brother Vinuji (25), Rajuji Sardarji (25).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16563311", "title": "Woman\u2019s body found in suitcase at CST station", "text": "MUMBAI: The body of a young woman was found inside an abandoned trolley bag at the CST outstation terminus on Wednesday morning. The authorities, who initially assumed that the bag contained an explosive device, said the bag had been dumped by a traveller on the Pune-Mumbai Sinhagad Express which terminates at CST. Interestingly, closed-circuit TV cameras have been mounted right above the area where the bag was found and officials hope to retrieve vital clues from the footage.According to the police, the unidentified woman was around 30 years old, five foot tall and had a wheatish complexion. She was dressed in a salwar kameez and wasn't wearing any ornaments.The bag was spotted on platform 8 at around 10.30am. \"It definitely wasn't lying around before the Sinhagad Express arrived from Pune at 10.15am. After all the passengers had disembarked from the general coach, railway employees were shutting the doors when they noticed the bag on the platform. They then summoned the Railway Protection Force and the bag was taken away,\" said Vikramsingh Badhauria, who works at a food stall on the platform.Sources said the CCTV on the platform is likely to have captured images of two persons believed to have offloaded the bag from the train.After the Government Railway Police at CST was informed, they brought in sniffer dogs to confirm whether there were explosives in the trolley bag. \"We received a negative signal for explosives, following which our personnel unzipped the bag. The woman's body was found curled up and hadn't decomposed which means that the murder had been committed not too long ago,\" said senior inspector Surendra Deshmukh, CST GRP.Gunny bags had been used to pack the sides of the trolley bag after placing the body. \"The red trolley bag was around 28 inches long, 11 inches wide and 18 inches deep. Before checking the missing persons complaints filed at police stations in Mumbai and Pune, we are looking for strong clues which can channel the probe into a specific direction,\" said another official. An autopsy was conducted at JJ Hospital and was video-graphed.Other cases* In March 2011, the body of a Mumbra resident, Rehmat, was found dumped in a suitcase at Sandhurst Road station. Her husband, Parvez Haq, a doctor with a private hospital, was later arrested by the railway police crime branch. Parvez's brother, Tabrez, and a cousin, Hashib Shaikh, were also held. Rehmat was four months pregnant* In April 2011, the body of Rubina, 23, was found stuffed inside a gunny bag in the luggage compartment of a local at Churchgate station. Her husband, Littol Khan, a Bangladeshi national, was later arrested", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16562367", "title": "Divers to keep watch at lakes during immersion", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation's fire and emergency services department, like in the past, has decided to deploy divers at the city lakes where immersion of Ganesh idols would take place for three days from September 29 this year too.\"Apart from deploying 16 firemen, who are also expert swimmers, the department will deploy volunteers from a city-based NGO. The teams would keep a watch on devotees from watch tower. We want to ensure safety of all devotees,\" said city's chief fire officer Rajendra Uchake. Fire department will keep a strict vigil on city lakes from September 29 to October 1.These divers will wear luminous jacket so they are easily identified in the crowd, he said, adding they would be deployed at all six lakes - Telangkhedi, Gandhisagar, Ambazari, Sonegaon, Naik talao and Kalamna dob - where immersions take place. The fire department would also deploy fire tenders at each spot, he added.The fire department would make provision for rubber boats with four divers each at Telangkhedi, Sonegaon and Gandhisagar. From this year, the department will also set up control room at all city's water bodies. Apart from fire personnel, youngsters (especially who know swimming) living near the lakes also help save people from drowning. A few of them, who also have life jackets, were appointed by Ambazari police station to act as life guards during the last day of immersion at Telangkhedi.The CFO also appealed to the devotees to immerse the idols during daylight as during night it is very difficult to keep watch on entire lake.Locals want lake cleanCome Ganesh festival, teenagers living around Telangkhedi lake help devotees bid adieu to Lord Ganesh. Interestingly, they accompany the Lord on his journey under water. Besides helping in immersion, these days they also spread awareness by urging devotees not to throw nirmalya, fruits etc into the water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "16565999", "title": "Bangladeshi policeman pushed back", "text": "AGARTALA: Border Security Force officials pushed back a Bangladeshi policeman to the neighbouring country on Wednesday as goodwill gesture following a commandant level meeting with Border Guards Bangladesh (BGB) officials at Sonamura.According to reports, ASI Nurul Navi of Burimara police station under Comilla district of Bangladesh entered Nazarpara village in Tripura under Kolomchurra police station on Tuesday evening. The villagers apprehended him and handed him over to BSF officials at night.During interrogation, Navi said he was investigating a case and that some Bangladeshi villagers misguided him resulting in his unauthorized entry into Indian territory. \"Initially, the villagers branded him as a Bangladeshi criminal leading a dacoit group. Later, we took up the matter with our Bangladesh counterparts and it was confirmed that he was a policeman,\" said a BSF official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16571903", "title": "All eyes on Sharad Pawar as Maharashtra stalemate continues", "text": "MUMBAI: Amid the continuing stalemate over the resignation of deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, NCP chief and Union minister Sharad Pawar is arriving here tomorrow and is expected to take a final call on the issue.Pawar will attend a meeting of the NCP legislature party at 4pm tomorrow, party sources said today.A meeting of NCP legislators had yesterday unanimously adopted a resolution requesting Ajit Pawar to take back his resignation.Top NCP leaders are in Kolhapur today to attend the funeral of party veteran and former state Assembly Speaker Babasaheb Kupekar.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan held a series of informal meetings at 'Varsha', his official residence, with Congress leaders and legislators on the prevailing political situation.State Congress chief Manikrao Thakre also met party office bearers and workers at the state party office to apprise them of the developments.Congress sources speaking on condition of anonymity said there is no need for the party to convene a formal meeting of office bearers or legislators because no decision is required to be taken now.\"The only decision that is to be taken by Chavan is on accepting Ajit Pawar's resignation. This will be done after he talks to Ajit Pawar and Sharad Pawar,\" the sources said.In an indication of a division in the party on Ajit Pawar's resignation, NCP legislators yesterday requested him to withdraw it, while Sharad Pawar's close aide and Union Minister Praful Patel said it should be accepted.However, everybody has maintained that Sharad Pawar's decision will be final.Talking informally to the media, Ajit Pawar had last night rejected suggestions of a rift between him and uncle Sharad Pawar.\"This (reports of rift) is a creation of the media. Sharad Pawar is the supreme leader of the party and his decision (on the resignation) will be final,\" he said but refused to comment when asked if he would withdraw the resignation if asked by the NCP supremo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16563180", "title": "Four-year-old dies after fall from building", "text": "HYDERABAD: A four-year old girl died after she fell from the second floor of a building in Jummeraat Bazaar on Wednesday.According to Shah Inayat Gunj police officials, the accident occurred at 5.30 pm on Tuesday when the victim, Gayatri, fell off the second floor of her residence where she was playing. Her father N Nandu is a plumber and a resident of Sai Nagar in Jummeraat Bazaar.She was rushed to Osmania General Hospital where she was declared dead at 9.30 pm on the same day. A post mortem was conducted after which a case under Section 174 of the CrPc (suspicious death) was booked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16565483", "title": "As US pullout nears, India eyes bigger role in Afghanistan", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the endgame approaching in Afghanistan, India's post-2014 diplomacy has hit high gear.A week after Pakistan's foreign minister Hina Rabbani Khar met the US government to re-introduce confidence in the bilateral relationship, India, Afghanistan and US will be holding their first official trilateral meeting in New York this week. Its an initiative that carries new opportunities but significant risks for India.The Indian side will be led by foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai and will also include a conversation between Hillary Clinton and S M Krishna will include discussions on the future of Afghanistan, and how the US and India can work together to help the country deal with subsequent challenges.The trilateral is the first time India would be getting into these arrangements within the region. And its not without its risks. Analysts say India would be tying up with two countries - Iran and the US - that have significant opposition to them inside Afghanistan. Whether this could dilute India's own equities that it has so carefully built up in Afghanistan remains to be seen but it is a fear that underlines India's new diplomacy.In the decade since 2001, India has built a fairly formidable relationship in Afghanistan through its developmental projects and by keeping its nose clean on the politics.Some fear that India could become vulnerable to attacks or be dominated by the US. But as the US and Nato head for the exits, India is being compelled to up its game in a country that has become critical for India's own security.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16565256", "title": "Bengal Congress demands dengue statistics", "text": "KOLKATA: Congress members in the West Bengal assembly on Wednesday demanded to know the death toll and the number of those affected by dengue in the state.After the question was raised by the Congress member Asit Mitra, municipal affairs minister Firhad Hakim said dengue had claimed two lives in the Kolkata Municipal Corporation area, while 569 persons were affected till September 12. Hakim was replying in the absence of chief minister Mamata Banerjee, who holds the health portfolio, and the minister of state for health Chandrima Bhattacharya.Hakim said that he was providing figures available with the health department and that the state has taken steps to contain the disease. Congress members expressed doubt over the minister's reply and said the figures would be more than what was announced officially.The government should give exact statistics on dengue deaths and steps taken to prevent it, they demanded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16565195", "title": "Land acquisition bill watered down", "text": "NEW DELHI: The rural development ministry has watered down the requirement of consent of 80% landowners for acquisition to 66% and eased some stringent measures for the award of compensation in the vexed land acquisition amendment bill.A group of ministers headed by agriculture minister Sharad Pawar will take up the new draft for discussion on Thursday.The vetting by the ministerial panel was necessitated by differences in a Cabinet meeting where several ministers argued that the stringent bill would halt industrialization and urbanization.The rural ministry, following consultations with the PMO, has tweaked provisions to make the bill appear industry-friendly.The bill has included national investment manufacturing zones in 'public purpose', thereby exempting the acquisition under national manufacturing policy from the requirement of seeking approval of landowners.While commerce minister Anand Sharma had made this demand, experts said that NIMZs were 'public private partnership' projects which were anyway a part of 'public purpose'. Sharma's demand for exemption of SEZs from the new bill has not been accepted.Several Cabinet ministers felt that the high compensation and stringent acquisition norms would impede industrialization and urbanization.The differences in the Cabinet meeting triggered intense lobbying from both sides of the bill. But rural development minister Jairam Ramesh announced that the 'basic framework' of the legislation could not be tampered with, likening it to the Constitution.Certain norms have, however, been diluted. While the draft bill earlier required the consent of 80% landowners-livelihood losers for acquisition to go ahead, it has since been diluted to 66% of landowners only.To allay fears that the process of social impact assessment would delay acquisition, the draft says that the process of securing consent and SIA would have a time limit of six months.Ramesh has refused to drop the government role in acquisition for private companies or PPPs as was demanded by a parliamentary standing committee, and has also resisted demands from ministries seeking exemption for SEZs from the land bill or lowering of the pricing of land and compensation norms.While the Congress wants to pass a generous bill that can be touted as a major achievement with farmers and landowners, it has to contend with requirements of industry and commerce that government is keen to protect in the legislation.The government is keen to pass the bill in the winter session of Parliament so that Congress can claim to have fulfilled a major poll promise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16564200", "title": "New tourist info centre at UPSRTC station soon", "text": "VARANASI: A new tourist information centre may be developed at Uttar Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation (UPSRTC) bus station as proposed under several tourism reforms for the city during Kubh Mela 2013.According to officials of the tourism department, a proposal worth around Rs 80 lakh has been sought for several developments in the city keeping in mind the festivities during the period. \"Apart from the proposal for a new tourist information centre, the existing tourist information centre at Cantonment railway station may now function round the clock. Kiosks will also be set up outside the railway station to help devotees and tourists get information about trains, tickets, itinerary, eatables, site-seeing and other things. At the same time, the tourism police will be equipped with better wireless communication devices and provided with vehicles as they are still dependent on their private vehicles. There is a proposal for construction and repair work on city roads,\" informed Apurva Srivastava, statistical officer, UP tourism.As the world observes World Tourism Day on Thursday, the millennia old city is ready to host International Buddhist Conclave from September 28 to September 30 and welcome hundreds of delegates and tour operators from across the globe. According to deputy director, UP Tourism, the final touches are being given to the preparations which started a month ago. \"In view of the conclave, we are not organising any seminar, discussion or function this year to mark the World Tourism Day. However, all the tourists who will arrive in the city will be given special welcome at Cantonment Railway Station, Tourist Bungalow, Sarnath\", informed Mishra.Meanwhile, hotels, tour operators and other agencies have been told to give special packages, offers and a rich menu to the visiting tourists on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16563424", "title": "Man held with 72kg silver jewellery", "text": "LUCKNOW: Hussainganj police recovered over 72 kilograms of unaccounted silver jewellery worth around Rs 42 lakh from a man who had come to the city from Aligarh and was headed to Gorakhpur on Wednesday afternoon. The man has been identified as Manoj Sharma, a resident of Aligarh district.According to inspector Hussainganj, Manoj told the police that he along with another person had taken silver jewellery from wholesalers in Aligarh and the same was to be delivered to jewellers in Gorakhpur and Kanpur. While Manoj's aide alighted the train in Kanpur to deliver the jewellery, he came to Lucknow, and was going to the North Eastern Railway platform from Northern Railway platform when he was apprehended, the police said.Since the four bags in which he was carrying the jewellery were very heavy, Manoj boarded a rickshaw. The rickshaw puller was in an inebriated state and turned the wrong way towards Hussainganj, the inspector said. Police got suspicious of heavy bags, &amp; questioned Manoj.During questioning, the police got the bags opened and found jewellery boxes inside. After Manoj failed to show any papers, he was brought to the police station. Police also found two tickets from Manoj's pockets. The Hussainganj police then wrote to deputy commissioner MP Yadav from Trade Tax, who sent a team and valued the silver jewellery at Rs 42 lakh. Manoj was subsequently handed over to the Trade Tax department, the police said. The matter had been noted in the general diary of the police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16563484", "title": "Shah panel's report tabling should've been probed: Manohar Parrikar", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar said that prime minister Manmohan Singh should have ordered an inquiry into the tabling of the Shah commission report in parliament without cabinet approval.Speaking to mediapersons, Parrikar said that every inquiry commission has to be approved by the cabinet as per the procedure of rules of business.He also said that it is the first time in the history of the country that this has happened, and that the report was tabled in parliament without cabinet approval.\"There should have been an inquiry into how the report reached parliament without reaching the prime minister's office,\" Parrikar saidThe chief minister also defended assistant geologist R V Shetgoankar, whose name figures in the Shah Commission report, when media questioned him on why he was not suspended along with other six mines department officials. \"I am not justifying Shetgaonkar's role,\" Parrikar said.He also said that after investigations, \"if we find that Shetgaonkar is involved, then he will also be suspended, I have not closed the option.\"Parrikar also denied to react to the complaint filed by Congress spokesperson Sudip Tamankar against him for the abetment of the suicide of assistant geologist Dattatray Bhave. \"I have not received the complaint. Why should I give a reaction,\" asked Parrikar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "new delhi/patna", "code": "16563565", "title": "Train hits college bus, 7 students killed near Siwan", "text": "NEW DELHI/PATNA: Seven students, including two girls of a private engineering college, were killed when the Howrah-Kathgodam Express rammed into a college bus at a manned railway crossing near Siwan.Shocked at the incident, a furious mob set the engine and one bogie of the train on fire, damaged the railway crossing gate and pelted the train with stones.The incident happened when the train hit the bus as it was trying to cross the track after finding the level crossing gate open, according to preliminary findings.\"The train driver jumped the red signal,\" a source said, adding that the manned crossing was equipped with interlocking system -- this means if the crossing gate is open, the signal would automatically get red. He said an inquiry by commissioner railway safety has been ordered.An eyewitness said the manned level crossing gate was not closed when the train was passing through.The situation turned volatile soon after the mishap. As the mob, mostly students, went on the rampage, hapless passengers in the train ran helter-skelter to save their lives.The GRP, local police and RPF personnel remained silent witnesses to the incident. However, the situation was brought under control when senior officers reached the site with reinforcements and pacified the agitated mob.\"Prima facie, it appears that there was a major lapse in railway system which caused the accident,\" admitted CPRO of NE Railway, Amit Singh.The accident is a wake up call for new railway minister CP Joshi as he has to urgently address key issues such as filling up 1.26 lakh vacancies in critical safety categories as highlighted by the Anil Kakodkar-led safety review committee.The panel suggested setting up of a statutory railway safety authority and safety architecture, powerful enough to have a safety oversight on rail operations.The minister also has to address the misery of locomotive pilots who are subject to long night shifts and unjust duty hours due to shortage of around 16,000 drivers as against the 82,000 sanctioned posts.He also has to ensure that all level crossings -- manned or unmanned - are removed in the next five years. This will eliminate accidents at level crossings, accounting for 65% of total deaths in train accidents. Along with improving line capacity as trains get held up at busy crossing gates, the move will also save operation and maintenance costs incurred at gates.Announcing Rs 5 lakh each to the families of victims as ex-gratia, Rs 1 lakh to seriously injured and Rs 25,000 each to those with minor injuries, Joshi dispatched junior minster K H Muniyappa and a Railway Board member to the accident site to take stock of the situation.Chief minister Nitish Kumar announced a compensation of Rs 50,000 each to the families of the victims on behalf of the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16562372", "title": "Maharasthra crisis: Congress puts up a stoic front", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after the sudden resignation of deputy CM and NCP leader Ajit Pawar, the Congress on Wednesday put up a stoic front, with most ministers attending work at Mantralaya while the party held a huddle at the CM's residence.Though NCP chief Sharad Pawar has advised CM Prithviraj Chavan to accept the resignation, the latter said he is yet to take a final call. \"I am in touch with senior leaders from both parties,\" Chavan said.Interacting with reports at his residence, Ajit Pawar on Wednesday said: \"There is no question of any tiff with Sharad Pawar. Pawar vs Pawar is a picture painted by the media. The final decision on my resignation is with Sharad Pawar.\"Through the day, over 40 party legislators queued up at Chavan's residence to rally behind him. State Congress president Manikrao Thakre said all 16 party-backed independents have also reiterated their backing.Chavan also held a meeting of senior state Congress leaders at 11.30am at his residence. The party decided to wait and watch, as most of the leaders felt that the current crisis was a result of an internal strife in the NCP. The leaders, however, upped the ante against the burning of Chavan's effigies in certain parts of the state and Thakre spoke to NCP state part chief Madhukar Pichad, who condemned the incidents and promised action.The party has convened a meeting of all party legislators at 11 am on Thursday. Sources said the legislators are likely to adopt a resolution expressing solidarity with Chavan and the state leadership.Chavan denied initiating an inquiry on allegations by whistleblower Vijay Pandhare. \"I have forwarded Pandhere's letter to the department,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16562232", "title": "Textile and farm activists narrate woes to Kelkar committee", "text": "NAGPUR: The agriculture subcommittee under the Kelkar Committee, which is looking into the causes of regional imbalances in the state, held discussions and hearings in the city on Tuesday and Wednesday. The committee tried to identify the causes of the ongoing agrarian crisis in the region and reasons for industrial backwardness.The committee visited the city's oldest orange processing industry, Noga ( Nagpur Orange Growers Association), held discussion with stakeholders in the cotton textile industry and a brainstorming on farmers' suicides.The subcommittee is headed by VM Mayande, the convener, and comprises Vijayanna Borade, the president of the Marathwada Sheti Sahay Mandal, and Vinayak Deshpande, the head of business management from Nagpur University. Shahji Narwade from the School of Rural Development of Tata Institute of Social Sciences in Tuljapur and some agriculture experts participated in the discussions.Representatives of the spinning industries voiced their concern over the ambiguous textile policy of the state. Linking of the policy to central government has created a lot of problems, they claimed. They pointed out that since the central government has withdrawn the facility of technology upgradation funds about a fortnight back the textile related industries cannot get a UID until announcement of next five year plan. This will prevent the industry from developing in the region and encourage their migration to other states.Vidarbha rainfed desi cotton varieties, though of short staple length, have very good absorbent capacity and are in good demand in other countries. Institutes demanded that cultivation of these varieties be promoted in region. Farmers' sympathizers pointed out that at present sugarcane, grown in 5% of area takes up 95% of water and crops grown in 95% area get 5% water.It was pointed out that imbalance in use of natural resources like water and minerals also cause regional imbalances.Suggestions and demandsMake water and electricity available to all farmersDelink state textile policy from centre to promote cotton processing industriesPromote cultivation of desi cotton varietiesRedefine schemes like EGS, NREGS and crop insuranceReduce input costs in farmingRestrict the dam waters for only irrigationRedefine parameters which help in deciding compensation packages to farmers in natural calamitiesPromote small scale processing and packaging of agriculture productsSupport farmers in cultivation and marketingCreate conditions to help government units compete with private sector", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16564378", "title": "Supriya Sule promises support to fight eve-teasing", "text": "NASHIK: NCP MP and daughter of Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar Supriya Sule , on Wednesday addressed a rally of the party's Yuvati wing.Sule said that she, with the help of leaders in the parent party, would combat eve-teasing and other issues relating to women's security.The NCP's Yuvati Melava witnessed young girls attending the rally from all over the district and sharing their problems with the MP, who in turn asked that they work together to make the district free of eve- teasing. Thousands of young women who had gathered at the Dadasaheb Gaikwad Sabhagruha on Wednesday which saw various cultural, folk and traditional programmes presented in view of the MP's visit .Sule, who arrived after visiting Adharashram at Ashok Stambh, spoke against dowry and female foeticide \u2014 the latter being an issue that she has been strongly campaigning against.Commenting on the issue of eve-teasing which was raised by a girl from CIDCO, Sule said victims could look to the party for support. \"From today onwards, in Maharashtra if any girl is teased, she will be protected by two hands , that of the Nationalist Yuvati Congress and and the NCP,\" she said. Sule also provided NCP leader Chabu Nagre's contact information if victim's needed help, adding that 50 counselling centres and 200 ladies hostels would be started in the state by the government.Sule has visited 24 districts in the state and would be visiting nine more in an effort to mobilize young women in support of the NCP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16564310", "title": "Delhi Metro Rail Corporation to revise metro rail project report", "text": "PUNE: The Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) will prepare a revised report for construction of a metro rail project between Swargate and Nigdi.While the original report of the DMRC was for the route between Swargate and Pimpri, the Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) has sought an extension of the route from Pimpri to Nigdi.Municipal commissioner Shrikar Pardeshi on Tuesday said the metro rail route between Nigdi and Swargate has principally been approved. The revised metro rail route was discussed at a meeting of DMRC and PCMC officials on Tuesday.About 11 km of the proposed metro route will be along the Mumbai-Pune highway stretch from Phugewadi to Nigdi within the PCMC limits. A fresh survey and a revised report will have to be prepared for the route because the municipal corporation has widened the Mumbai-Pune highway stretch to eight lanes and constructed underground subways (grade separators) for vehicles at three locations. Moreover, the PCMC is also constructing a multi-storied flyover at Nashik phata near Kasarwadi and has also proposed to construct a flyover near the Empire Estate at Chinchwad.Last week, the PCMC general body meeting approved DMRC's detailed project report for the metro rail project for Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad. Two routes were suggested in the detailed project report which was prepared in 2009. The first route was between Pimpri and Swargate and the second route was between Vanaz and Ramwadi. Since some issues had cropped up between the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) and the PCMC regarding sharing of costs for the metro project, there was a delay in approval of the report. The PMC had later sent a proposal to the state government for implementing the metro route between Vanaz to Ramwadi. This proposal has been approved by the state cabinet.At last week's general body meeting, Pardeshi said the proposal for the Pimpri-Swargate route has taken a back seat. He told the general body that the DMRC's detailed project report prepared in 2009 needs to be approved first and it should be sent to the state government for approval to ensure that the Pimpri-Swargate route is also developed. While approving the DMRC report, the general body gave a supplementary proposal to extend the Swargate-Pimpri route up to Nigdi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "jorhat/guwahati", "code": "16563984", "title": "Poachers take advantage of floods, kill two rhinos in Kaziranga", "text": "JORHAT/GUWAHATI: Poachers killed two rhinos and chopped off their horns as they had strayed out of flood-hit Assam's Kaziranga National Park to escape floodwaters on Wednesday. A large part of the world heritage site, about 250km from Guwahati, remains submerged.One of the rhino's horns was cut along with its ear while the animal was still alive. The male rhino's carcass was later found at Parkupahar area in Karbi Anglong hills adjoining Kaziranga. Forest officials found the carcass of the other rhino killed on Wednesday with the horn missing at Gotonga area in Bagori range of the park. Poachers attacked the rhino while the animal was taking shelter at an elevated place after escaping the deluge inside the park.The killings occurred four days after another rhino was shot dead in the periphery of Kaziranga. The park has lost four rhinos within the span of a week. The death toll due to poaching has reached 14 this year.\"Poachers are always on the prowl for rhinos during floods. When the animals move out of the park in search of elevated ground, they became easy target for poachers. Despite stepping up our vigilance, poachers have managed to kill the rhinos,\" a park official said.The official added that a close watch is being maintained on five rhinos still sheltered in the forested areas of Karbi Anglong.This time, Kaziranga experienced the worst floods in the past eight years. Nearly 700 animals, including 19 rhinos, perished in the first wave of the deluge in June this year. The floods have also disturbed the anti-poaching mechanism, making patrolling difficult.The spurt in rhinoceros deaths has triggered protests from different organizations in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16562785", "title": "Senior NCP leader Babasahe Kupekar dies", "text": "MUMBAI: Former speaker of the state legislative assembly and senior NCP leader Babasaheb Kupekar died in a city hospital on Wednesday following prolonged illness. He was 70. Kupekar was admitted to a city hospital nearly a month ago. His body will be taken to Kolhapur, his hometown, where his last rites will be performed on Thursday.Kupekar began his political career nearly four decades ago when he was elected as the sarpanch of Kanadewadi zilla parisahd in Kolhapur's Gadhinglaj. He also served as the chairman of the state planning board. In the late 90s, Kupekar was inducted into the state cabinet. He was the Speaker of the legislative assembly from 2004 to 2009.Kupekar had a deep interest in literature and owned an impressive collection of books.Kupekar had landed in trouble when his name cropped up in the Adarsh housing society scam. In his testimony before the inquiry panel, he admitted to not giving proper information about his Powai flat in order to acquire a flat in Adarsh. tnnIt is also said that former speaker showed lesser income then what he actually earned to get a flat in the controversial housing society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16563474", "title": "MPT 'snubs' GSPCB order, handles coal at two berths", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa state pollution control board (GSPCB) inspection team has observed that the Mormugao port trust (MPT) has continued coal handling at berth nos 10 and 11 even after it was asked to stop coal and coke handling at the said berths.GSPCB officials on Wenesday visited the site along with MPT's senior assistant traffic manager (shipping) and senior executive engineer. The inspection was conducted to verify the activity at berth nos 10 and 11 as per the directions issued by the board.\"MPT officials mentioned that with respect to the directions referred above, the activity of unloading the coal and coke from the ship have been stopped from September 25, 2012. However, loading of coal on trucks and coke on to the wagons have not been stopped,\" stated the inspection report.The inspection report also stated that unit officials said that about 161 trucks have been loaded with coal and dispatched on September 25, 2012, and that a copy of the daily report of loading has been enclosed.\"As per the daily report, the total quantity of met coke, thermal coal and pet coke present at berth no 11 is 1.50 lakh million tonnes,\" stated the report.GSPCB officials observed that coke was stored adjacent to the rail track at berth no 11, and that the same would be loaded on to wagons for transportation to Karnataka. \"It was seen that the wagon had arrived,\" the report stated.Officials also observed that the coal was being loaded on to trucks by JCB machines at berth no 11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16562580", "title": "Special bench to hear Venugopal Dhoot's case in high court today", "text": "NAGPUR: Though chairman of consumer electronics major Videocon Industries Venugopal Dhoot had moved the Bombay High Court's bench here for quashing criminal proceedings underway at Nagpur JMFC, he will have to wait for relief as twice the judges declined to hear the matter saying \"not before me\". Now, his case is listed before a special bench comprising justices Bhushan Gavai and MN Gilani for Thursday, Dhoot's counsel Sangram Sirpurkar informed.On August 23, Justice TV Nalawade had refused to grant relief to him. After his transfer to Aurangabad, Dhoot's case was listed before a division bench of Justices Pratap Hardas and Arun Chaudhari on September 12, but former declined to hear it. It again came up before bench of justices Bhushan Gavai and Sunil Deshmukh on Tuesday, but latter refused to hear it.On September 18, JMFC court had issued a bailable warrant against Dhoot and his son Aniruddha, managing director of the group, as they failed to appear before the court despite repeated summons issued on a case filed by a city-based travel operator for Videocon's alleged default of Rs 20 lakh payment. The court, while asking them to pay Rs 1,000 each, also warned the father-son duo it will issue a non-bailable warrant if they failed to appear in next hearing on Friday. TOI had first reported the case in detail on September 19.The warrant was issued by sixth JMFC NN Joshi while hearing a complaint filed by Dilip Chhajed, proprietor of Hansa Travels having office at VCA complex. Jyotindra Gandhi, appearing for the complainant, informed that his client was providing transport facilities/buses to Voltas Limited plant in Warora which was eventually taken over by Videocon Industries. However, the company allegedly defaulted on payment citing its \"bad conditions\" and requested the complainant to bear with it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "16564405", "title": "Inquiry 'castes' shadow on Burla NAC chief's future", "text": "SAMBALPUR: The first woman chairperson of Burla notified area council (NAC), Chadrabati Nayak, has recently found herself in the middle of a controversy over her caste. While Nayak contested the election for the NAC chairperson's post claiming she belonged to scheduled castes, a recent report by the revenue supervisor of Sambalpur tehasil says she is a Rajput. The post of the chairperson is reserved for SC candidates.\"I have received the report about her caste. I have not verified it yet. Action will be initiated against her if she is found guilty,\" sub-collector Rainu Singh said on Wednesday. Sources said if she was found guilty, she would not only lose her post, but might also be put behind the bars for faking her caste.Chandrabati Nayak got elected from ward number three of the Burla NAC two years back contesting the poll as an independent candidate. She later joined the BJD and became the chairperson of the NAC. However, there has been a dispute regarding her caste since the day she took charge of the NAC. Jagaran Samiti, a social body of Burla, raised questions about her caste. They have submitted several petitions to the local tehasildar in this regard.The tehasildar had assigned a revenue supervisor to conduct a probe and submit a report on the matter. In his report, the supervisor mentioned that Nayak belonged to Rajput caste as her father originally hailed from Bihar. It was also evident from her school records and other documents available in Burla.\"After the report of the revenue supervisor, the doubts have been cleared. She does not belong to SC community, and she should be immediately removed from the office of chairperson,\" convener of Jagaran Samiti Pankaj Behera said. She added that they would resort to agitation if the administration tried to shield the chairperson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16565592", "title": "Political options shrink for Ajit Pawar as graft charges mount", "text": "NEW DELHI: Maharashtra deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar's resignation may be born of his pique with chief minister Prithviraj Chavan but the move might indicate the NCP leader's rapidly shrinking options in the face of mounting corruption charges.Pawar's act of rebellion against what he sees as orchestrated leaks on the \"irrigation scam\" signals his impatience with his uncle and NCP chief Sharad Pawar as much as his rivalry with Chavan. And, going by developments, the junior Pawar may lose on both counts.The swiftness with which Sharad Pawar quashed speculation over NCP ministers resigning in solidarity with the deputy CM, reiterates his authority. His decision, the Union agriculture minister made plain, is that there is no question of ministers quitting.Demonstrations in support of Ajit Pawar may be a show of strength and his clout with NCP MLAs is not denied, but the Baramati MLA faces some unattractive choices as he finds it hard to refute the growing assessment that his resignation smacks of desperation.Hemmed in by reports detailing the haste with which contracts were awarded under his watch as irrigation minister and subsequent cost escalation, the deputy CM's evasive action seems intended to take the heat off him. But it is unclear where the quit-to-gain gambit will work.While Chavan claims he cannot \"control\" RTI disclosures, the proximity of water resources minister Sunil Tatkare - who also faces similar allegations -- to Ajit Pawar has further complicated the situation for the deputy CM.The situation presents a challenge for the NCP chief as his nephew chaffs at being ousted from office. Unease in NCP over its ministers being targeted for corruption is seen as the trigger behind Sharad Pawar's recent \"boycott\" of Cabinet meetings that ended in a UPA coordination panel at the state and Centre.This time, the junior Pawar may not have many cards to play. He quit on his own volition and while he is popular with MLAs, he is not in a position to threaten a split or an en masse shift to the Shiv Sena-BJP camp. Although he adroitly worked alliances with BJP in municipal bodies, corruption allegations rule out an alliance.BJP leaders rule out any deal given the party's decision to make Coalgate, 2G and other scams the mainstay of the party's comeback bid at the Centre. This is quite apparent to Congress leaders as well.Boxed by RTI-driven revelations, Ajit Pawar is hardly in a position to challenge Chavan who despite being an outsider to state politics, seems to have got the better of his aggressive coalition partner. Discontent with Chavan's cautious style is dwarfed by NCP's vulnerabilities to graft allegations.Sharad Pawar has a deeper problem to contend with. He has the upper hand over his ambitious nephew for now, but his project of outpacing Congress in the state has received a blow. There is every chance that NCP will face the next election a severely divided house.As NCP wrestles with the fallout of Ajit Pawar's thwarted CM dream, Chavan intends to keep his deputy's resignation letter safely in the drawer of his desk for now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16563585", "title": "Shaky Anna Arch causes tremors in corporation council", "text": "CHENNAI: A squabbling bunch of councillors, a fractured ruling party and an apologetic mayor\u2014that's what the Anna Arch fiasco turned the corporation council into, on Wednesday.It all started with AIADMK councillor and zone 4 chairman K Santhanam openly accusing mayor Saidai Duraisamy of embarrassing chief minister J Jayalalithaa by passing a resolution allowing the arch to be broken down. The mayor admitted that he was \"ashamed\" of his decision.Referring to the resolution regarding the modification of Anna Arch, Santhanam asked the mayor to give councillors adequate time to study resolutions. \"Had this been done earlier, we could have saved the chief minister and the government the embarrassment (the council had resolved to bring down the arch).\" When the mayor went on the defence, Santhanam butted in saying, \"Hello, hello wait. We were not given full details of it, and we did not have an opportunity to ask more questions.\"Immediately, all hell broke loose, with many councillors, shouting at Santhanam to be more respectful and not address the mayor \"hello, hello.\"When a few zonal chairmen sprang in Santhanam's support, the mayor said: \"Please behave, the media is watching us.\" This made reporters in the media gallery lean over to catch a better glimpse of the chaos. With no DMK councillors - they had walked out of the council early - the scene turned louder with AIADMK councillors shouting at each other. \"Sit down!\" one shouted, to which another replied: \"Mind your own business.\"Once things had calmed down, the mayor said he did not know that the flyover-subway project which necessitated the removal of the arch was proposed in 2007 during the DMK regime. \"I was under the impression that the project was proposed with the full knowledge and guidance of 'Amma'. I was misinformed and misled by officials,\" he said. He followed it up by saying, \"I am ashamed of myself that I, based on this misinformation, allowed to break the historical structure built in memory of the man who gave us our ideology, and opened by our former leader MGR.\"Wednesday's council meeting started in the absence of the mayor, and led by deputy mayor D Benjamin. \"The mayor has informed us that he has been called to the secretariat,\" said corporation commissioner D Karthikeyan. The mayor who walked in half-an-hour later, rushed back to the secretariat soon after the meeting, avoiding reporters.The meeting passed 68 resolutions, 40 of them within a minute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16564418", "title": "Dogs attack, hurt child at Sultania hospital", "text": "BHOPAL: The menace of stray dogs in the city continues unabated. A one-and-a-half-year old child was rushed to the Hamidia hospital after dogs attacked and injured the boy here on Wednesday morning. The incident took place on the campus of government-run Sultania hospital.According to eyewitness reports, the boy was rescued by nurse and staff of Sultania hospital after it dragged by half a dozen stray dogs at around 6.30 am. The child's father, Rishiraj Rathore, a kitchen supervisor in hospital, resides in the staff quarters of the hospital, which is adjacent to the emergency ward. \"We have complained about stray doctors entering the campus to the municipal corporation. However, dogs move about all over the hospital campus without any check,\" said Sultania superintendent Dr Sudha Chourasia.\"The animals are everywhere--sniffing at newborns, napping on beds and roaming all over the premises scrambling for food,\" said Rathore. \"We are left to guard for ourselves,\" he added.However, hospital authorities pointed out attendants of patients dispose of food everywhere, attracting animals in the process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "16572392", "title": "Let a new dawn emerge: President Pranab in Kashmir", "text": "SRINAGAR: Let the dark days of violence and conflict be left behind and a let a new dawn emerge,\" President Pranab Mukherjee told the people of Jammu and Kashmir , promising to ensure that every Kashmiri lives with dignity.Reaching out to people who have suffered decades of violence, Mukherjee candidly acknowledged that they have grievances.\"Many important issues need deft handling and speedy resolution,\" he said, adding that both the Central and state governments were determined to ensure that people of Kashmir live with dignity having equal rights and equal opportunities.Mukherjee made these remarks at the 18th convocation of the Kashmir University during his first visit to the state since assuming office of the President two months ago.In a meaningful address to the citizens of the valley, which is gradually recovering from the violence that engulfed it since 1990, the President underlined the urgent need for greater tolerance in the society.\"No problems are ever resolved by violence. It only aggravates the pain and the hurt on every side. The healing process must be nurtured with love, compassion and patience.\"Contrary to reports that some students might create trouble, the 90-minute function went off smoothly. Scores of students received degrees and gold medals amidst thunderous applause in a packed hall from the audience that included state Governor N N Vohra, Chief Minister Omar Abdullah , Members of the state cabinet, legislatures, judges, scholars and students.The security at the university campus was heavy even as there was a partial strike in parts of the city called by hardline Hurriyat chief Syed Ali Shah Geelani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "sao paulo (brazil)", "code": "16568510", "title": "Viswanathan Anand held by leader Fabiano Caruana in Chess Masters", "text": "SAO PAULO (BRAZIL): World Champion Viswanathan Anand could not break the ice for the third day running and drew with Fabiano Caruana of Italy in the third round of fifth Final Chess Masters.Anand, in fact, had to defend for a long time against the youngest participant in the tournament and it was only after a stubborn defense that the Indian ace could force a draw.Draws were the order of the day as Levon Aronian of Armenia did not find a way to break through the defenses of Francisco Vallejo Pons of Spain while Norwegian world number one Magnus Carlsen was held to a draw by Sergey Karjakin of Ukraine.As a result, the lead positions remained unchanged and Caruana continues to top the tables on seven points under the soccer-like scoring system in place here.Aronian, with five points, comes second with seven rounds still to come while Carlsen is a point behind. Anand, with three points earned from three draws, is in fourth spot, a point ahead of Vallejo Pons while Karjakin remains at the bottom of the tables with just one draw so far.Anand did not get any chances against Caruana. The Italian's success in this tournament can be easily attributed to some excellent planning in the opening and pre-game preparation thanks to which he has excelled.The only time Caruana was seen in troubles was in round one when Carlsen had let him off the hook.Going for the Sokolsky variation against the Sicilian and avoiding any serious opening discussion as white turned out to be a good strategy against Anand as Caruana maintained a slightly better position going in to the middle game.The Italian knocked down a pawn showing immaculate technique and Anand was left to defend a worse position for a long time.However, as the game was always within the boundaries of a draw, Anand's defensive skills were tested but the World champion was never in serious danger.On move 56 Caruana traded the last set of minor pieces to reach a rook and pawns endgame wherein leaving Anand to find the easiest way top a draw. The game lasted 70 moves.Levon Aronian's attempt to go for extreme complications backfired against Vallejo Pons as the latter came up with some fine counter-play to keep the balance out of a queen pawn opening.Aronian opted not to castle and opened both wings to get a double edged position early in the middle game but a timely penetration of rook on the seventh rank forced the Armenian on the backfoot and the peace was signed after repetition of moves.Magnus Carlsen was up against a Queen's Indian defense by Karjakin and got the better prospects out of the opening.Given Karjakin's poor form, many expected Carlsen to score his second victory in a row but Karjakin turned out to be a different player and put up stiff resistance.The pieces changed hands at regular intervals and Carlsen could only get an optically better minor piece endgame that was drawn in 67 moves.The first leg of the Final Masters here seems to be going Caruana's way but the Italian will have to be a little cautious going in to the rest day here.After two more rounds, the attention will shift to Bilbao in Spain where the final half of the super-tournament will be played.Results round 3: Fabiano Caruana (Ita, 7) drew with V Anand (Ind, 3); Levon Aronian (Arm, 5) drew with Francisco Vallejo Pons (Esp, 2); Magnus Carlsen (Nor, 4) drew with Sergey Karjakin (Rus, 1).The moves: Fabiano Caruana - V Anand 1. e4 c5 2. Nf3 d6 3. Bb5+ Bd7 4. Bxd7+ Qxd7 5. c4 Nc6 6. Nc3 g6 7. d4 cxd4 8. Nxd4 Bg7 9. Nde2 Nf6 10. f3 O-O 11. O-O a6 12. a4 e6 13. Bg5 h6 14. Bh4 Rfd8 15. Rb1 Qc7 16. Kh1 Rd7 17. Rc1 Re8 18. Nd5 exd5 19. cxd5 Qb6 20. Bf2 Qxb2 21. dxc6 bxc6 22. Rxc6 Rdd8 23. Rxa6 Qb4 24. Rb6 Qc4 25. Nd4 Ra8 26. Nb5 Red8 27. Rxd6 Rxd6 28. Nxd6 Qxa4 29. Qxa4 Rxa4 30. Rd1 Nh7 31. Ne8 Be5 32. Bg3 Bxg3 33. hxg3 Ng5 34. Rd8 h5 35. Nf6+ Kg7 36. e5 Ra1+ 37. Kh2 Ra2 38. Kg1 Ra1+ 39. Kf2 Ra2+ 40. Kf1 Ra1+ 41. Ke2 Ra2+ 42. Rd2 Ra5 43. Nd5 Ne6 44. Kf2 Rb5 45. f4 Rb3 46. Rd1 Rb2+ 47. Kg1 Ra2 48. Kh2 Ra4 49. Nf6 h4 50. Rf1 g5 51. f5 Nc5 52. Re1 Nd3 53. Re2 Ra5 54. gxh4 gxh4 55. Nd7 Nc5 56. Nxc5 Rxc5 57. Re4 Rc3 58. e6 fxe6 59. fxe6 Kf8 60. Rxh4 Re3 61. Rh8+ Kg7 62. Re8 Kf6 63. g3 Re4 64. Kg2 Re3 65. Kh3 Re4 66. g4 Re1 67. Rf8+ Kg7 68. Re8 Kf6 69. e7 Kg7 70. Kh4 game drawn.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16564020", "title": "\u2018Disturbed area\u2019 a blot on face of city: High court", "text": "CHANDIGARH: \"The 'disturbed area' tag was a blot on the face of 'City Beautiful' and the same cannot be continued merely for providing security to some individuals, whose names have not been disclosed and who are living in Chandigarh,\" held the Punjab and Haryana high court in its detailed judgment of September 19, quashing the notifications by which Chandigarh was classified as a disturbed area.Coming down heavily on the authoritarian powers enumerated in the disturbed area status, HC also ruled, \"Vast and unfettered powers have been bestowed upon officers even of the level of a Hawaldar to take away anyone's life simply by forming an opinion that the said person was acting against any law applicable in Union Territory, Chandigarh\".The HC also pointed out that the Chandigarh administration has failed to place on record any specific instance about threat perception to the city or any instance of disturbance in the city due to such threats. In its detailed judgment, a division bench comprising Justice Jasbir Singh and Justice R K Jain also held that the disturbed area status has not only adversely affected tourism but multinational companies and industrialists too were not keen on investing in Chandigarh.Outrightly rejecting the contentions of the UT about threat perceptions to the city, the bench held that national personalities including President, Prime Minister, Chief Justice of India and others had been and are visiting Chandigarh frequently. Important sports and cultural events are being held without any problem and the administration has failed to justify the desirability and necessity of keeping in force the 'disturbed area' status.Observing that worse conditions were prevailing in various parts of the country, but those areas were not declared as disturbed areas, the bench held that continuance of notifications declaring Chandigarh as disturbed area is not justified.The HC had quashed the notifications classifying Chandigarh as a 'disturbed area' on September 19. The orders were passed after hearing a petition filed by Surinder Bhardwaj, a resident of Sector 7, who had said the disturbed area status is not consistent with the values of democratic setup.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16566398", "title": "Durga puja pandal work in Ranchi stuck over dog stink", "text": "RANCHI: Bakri Bazaar Durga Puja Samiti, one of the oldest organizers in the city, has stopped the work of the puja pandal on Wednesday following a dog menace, albeit a different kind.The puja pandal is made on the grounds of the Ranchi Municipal Corporation at Bakri Bazar every year. In June this year, a dog sterilization camp was organized by the civic body and since then stray dogs are brought and kept in a room adjoining the shed where the workers stay.Tapan Maiti, a labourer, said, \"We came from Medinipur in West Bengal every year to erect pandals. Last year, the situation was not good as there was a garbage yard close to where we work, but the stink was bearable. This year, the RMC crossed all limits when it started keeping stray dogs right next to our work place.\"The situation worsened on Tuesday evening when some of workers saw that the dogs that died during operation were being buried near the under-construction pandal. \"We stay and cook here and these people (RMC personnel) are burying the carcasses in the area. We have decided that until dogs are removed, we will not resume work,\" said Bhagwat Bera, another worker.Chairperson of the puja samiti Sanjay Chaudhary said, \"We wrote a letter to the RMC to remove the dogs 15 days before the work for the pandal started, but they did not pay any heed to our request. This is a residential area and we have been opposing the sterilization camp since long. The residents here don't approve of this step of the RMC.\"Public relations officer of the RMC Naresh Sinha said, \"The work of sterilizing dogs has been handed over to an NGO which was supervising the whole project.\"Secretary of the NGO Praveen Ohal said they would stop the sterilization work for the month so that the workers did not face any problem. \"People have to understand that it is a government programme and is not illegal.\"Denying the allegations of burying the dogs' carcass near the pandal, Ohal said, \"The diseased or rabies- infected dogs are killed and taken to the designated places for burial. We make sure that the dogs are covered and bleaching powder is spread at the places of burial.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16566284", "title": "GIS mapping to assess your property tax", "text": "LUDHIANA: The municipal corporation is all set to go hi-tech. The civic body has started GIS mapping of the city, which will not only help in better urban planning but also in the effective implementation of developmental schemes by providing exact measurements, size and location of buildings. Apart from giving a clear picture of illegal encroachments and similar other violations, it will help calculate property tax. The process is likely to be completed by the end of this year.Confirming the development, commissioner Ludhiana municipal corporation RK Verma said the GIS mapping was being done with the help of the remote sensing centre in the city. \"This will make functioning of corporation more effective. Once completed, this would be helpful for planning and implementation of new development schemes in the city,\" he said.Though in the beginning this mapping and the data is going to be used by the municipal corporation officials only, the civic authority proposes to make the information available to the general public as well.Elaborating on the entire project, assistant town planner Harpreet Singh Ghai said the corporation was in the process of procuring the satellite data of city, which will be used to assess and measure roads, buildings, vacant places and railway traffic along with the location.\"Once this data is with us it will be used for the household surveys and in making an exact assessment of property and house taxes as this gives a very clear idea about the location and size of the buildings and other infrastructures,\" said Ghai.Ghai also said data for the boundaries of wards and the municipal limit boundaries has already been compiled and the zone-wise data was being analyzed. The entire exercise, according to him was expected to be over by the end of December.Local residents, meanwhile, have expressed hope that the new mapping system will help speeding up the process of surveys for which officials had to conduct door-to-door survey in past.\"It is good that municipal corporation is finally doing something that would make its planning more efficient. We just hope that the data compiled would help the corporation in shedding the age-old methods of assessments and surveys,\" said Yogesh Dewan, a resident of Model Town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "16564800", "title": "8 lakh Gujarat government staff on mass casual leave today", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Nearly eight lakh Gujarat government staffers will take mass casual leave on Thursday seeking implementation of sixth pay commission's recommendations.The strike is being organised by the Gujarat Rajya Karmachari Samiti, an umbrella organization which has brought all employee unions together. The decision to go ahead with the mass CL programme was announced at 5 pm, on the expiry of the deadline for withdrawing police cases and transfer orders against employee leaders. However, 2,500 employees of the New Sachivalaya Association as well as about 2 lakh probationers will not join the strike.As the cases and transfer orders were not withdrawn, they boycotted a meeting with a group of ministers and the secretary, general administration.Officers of the rank of deputy collector and below, teachers, doctors, university employees, judiciary staff, employees of sachivalaya, panchayats, civic bodies, boards and corporations will be on strike. It is for the first time in the recent history of Gujarat that 14 employee and officers associations have come together for a show of strength.Vishnubhai Patel, president of the samiti, said employees will organise dharnas on Thursday at the old and new sachivalayas in Gandhinagar , Apna Bazaar, LD Engineering College and RTO in Ahmedabad, apart from all district headquarters. A procession will also be taken out in Gandhinagar.Patel said, \"We are fighting against an autocratic government which is also vindictive. It is surprising that the government has no hesitation doling out benefits to rich industrialists but has no consideration for employees who keep the administration running.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16562686", "title": "Cops seal third brothel in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: A brothel in the city's red light area of Ganga Jamuna was sealed by the police department on Wednesday. The sealing order, third of its kind this year, has been issued by city police chief Ankush Dhanvijay and joint CP Sanjay Saxena after completing the formalities.The brothel in question had been raided by the social service branch of city police on July 18. The cops had rescued 17 women , including 10 minors, during the raid. Sharda Chhadi and Ashabai Kesia, charged with operating the brothel, were arrested. An offence under Prevention of Immoral trafficking Act was registered at Lakadganj police station.Following the raid, police had issued a show cause notice to the owner of the premises. The sealing order was issued after the reply to the notice issued to the house owner was found unacceptable.Earlier this year, city police had sealed the guesthouse section of a Dharampeth-based eatery and liquor bar, and another brothel owned by Leelabai Masurkar at Ganga Jamuna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16565017", "title": "Consumers grow restive as LPG shortage turns acute", "text": "KOCHI: There seems to be no end to the cooking gas woes in the city. In many places, the waiting period for an LPG cylinder has gone up to two months. The consumers, especially of Indian Oil Company (IOC), are so vexed that they have started approaching agencies to transfer their gas connection to other gas providers.Agencies that supply Indane Gas (of IOC) said the usual waiting period after booking is 15-25 days. But supply shortage has pushed it to 60 days. Local IOC officials were not available to answer queries related to gas shortage.Gas agents attribute the increasing backlog to the cascading effect of many developments starting from the strike by tanker lorries from Mangalore in January. The gas tanker explosion at Chala and the subsequent blocking of gas tankers by irate public and the recent gas leak in Udayamperoor LPG bottling plant of IOC worsened the supply crisis. The IOC also had to halt production in the plant for ten days following a direction from the explosives department. Even though the production resumed last Saturday, it is yet to reach its optimum level. Currently 120 loads (306 cylinders each of 14.2kg weight) are being refilled against a full capacity of 180 loads, sources at gas agencies of Indane said.Meanwhile, the distributing agencies of Indane that have been facing the customers' ire have sought a quick solution to the situation. \"It would be difficult to manage the scene if IOC does not take steps to address the issue. They can bring LPG from Coimbatore or source it from other companies in the city,\" said Babu Varghese, general secretary, Kerala Indane Distributors Forum.However, the shortage has not affected the consumers of Bharat Gas and HP Gas mainly because LPG supply to their bottling plants comes from Cochin Refineries. An official with Bharat Gas said their booking backlog is just seven days.The mangers of cooking gas agencies in the city say of late they have been getting at least 10-15 queries a day for transferring their gas connection from IOC to other providers. The LPG shortage has also proved to be a boon for private gas agencies.Meanwhile, the Centre's decision to put a cap on the number subsidized cylinders to be issued has added to consumer woes. \"We have stopped accepting transfer requests until a clarification on the cap is issued,\" said V A Yousuf, vice-president, All India HP Gas Distributors Association.Reports about Know Your Client (KYC) registration too are creating problems for consumers. While some agencies continue to insist on this, others are more keen on clearing the backlog.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "darbhanga", "code": "16563625", "title": "CM warns contractual teachers with their 'indisciplined' behaviour", "text": "DARBHANGA: Irked over the disturbances created in his meetings by contractual teachers, chief minister Nitish Kumar warned them that he would never concede to their demands if they continued with their 'indisciplined' behaviour.He was addressing an Adhikar Yatra meeting at the Kameshwar Singh Darbhanga Sanskrit University (KSDSU) ground on Wednesday when some 'niyojit (contractual) teachers raised slogans demanding regularization of service.For the last five days, he has been witnessing disturbances created by these teachers at his meetings at various places, a visibly angry Nitish said. The CM said he was aware about these teachers being controlled from Patna. This is not a 'lathi rally'; this is Adhikar rally, he said.Nitish said the appointing agencies of these teachers should take note of their indiscipline and added that he had to face criticism for making their appointments. He wondered whether the teachers creating disturbances at the meeting had taken leave from their schools for attending this meeting.Nitish said the people of the state were convinced that Bihar had been continuously neglected by the Centre and grant of special category status to Bihar was the need of the hour. \"We would not rest till the Centre concedes our genuine demand,\" he said.Explaining the benefits of special category state status, the CM said it would bring tax relief and more investments in different sectors and generate employment opportunities. Apart from it, lesser amount would have to be spent (10%) from the state exchequer on implementation of various centrally-sponsored schemes, he said.The state has prepared an agriculture road map which would be launched by the President on October 3 at Patna. This road map also includes connecting every village having a population of 250 with roads and installation of dedicated power feeders in rural areas for providing irrigation facilities.Nitish also inaugurated a road overbridge (RoB) at local Bhandar Chowk. This RoB connects Laxmisagar and Chunnabhatti mohalla with main Darbhanga town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "united nations", "code": "16565460", "title": "Kashmir a symbol of UN failure: Pakistan", "text": "UNITED NATIONS: Pakistan on Wednesday once again resorted to its old tactics of raking up Kashmir in the United Nations when its President Asif Ali Zardari sought a solution to the issue under UN resolution, which India considers outdated. He said Kashmir remains a symbol of failure of the UN system and Pakistan's principled position on territorial disputes remains a bedrock of its foreign policy.\"Kashmir remains a symbol of failures, rather than strengths of the UN system,\" Zardari said. \"We feel that resolution of these issues can only be arrived in an environment of cooperation,\" he said.\"We will continue to support the right of the people of J&K; to peacefully choose their destiny in accordance with the UNSC's long-standing resolutions on this matter,\" the Pakistani president said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16564561", "title": "Report on 'forged' signatures in 7 days: Barkatullah university vice-chancellor", "text": "BHOPAL: Barkatullah university committee looking into the issue of alleged fake documents submitted for M Phil and PhD pre-entrance test will present its report in a week's time, says BU vice-chancellor professor Nisha Dube.The committee has also been asked to probe the issue involving ten students, whose signatures did not tally with those present on documents submitted for the entrance test.Asked about the fate of these students, she replied, \"Only the committee will decide it.\" In all, 11 students of aquaculture department had presented their documents by allegedly using fake signature of the HoD of the aquaculture department.The incident had come to light on Monday when head of the aquaculture department professor Pradeep Shrivastava reportedly lodged a complaint with the university authorities stating few students forged his signature.Talking to the TOI, Shrivastava, however, denied making any compliant with higher authorities regarding the issue. Barkatullah University Teachers Association (BUTA) president professor H S Yadav demanded strict action against students involved in the incident.The university conducted the first entrance test for M Phil and PhD on September 22 in keeping with the mandatory rule by the University Grants Commission (UGC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16564437", "title": "Congress to 'gherao' chief minister's house on October 4", "text": "BHOPAL: Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan is scheduled to be out of the country next week but that will not deter the state Congress from holding a demonstration outside his official residence.The MP Congress Committee on Wednesday held an elaborate meeting with the district party presidents and office-bearers to chalk-out finer points of the demonstration to \"gherao\" CM House here on October 4. Chief minister Chouhan, meanwhile, will be in France and the Netherlands on a road show to invite foreign business houses to the upcoming Global Investors' Summit to be held in the last week of October in Indore.The chief minister's presence is not necessary. Even if he is out of the country, we will go ahead with the protest,'' AICC general secretary and party in-charge of Madhya Pradesh BK Hariprasad said. Chief minister is only a symbolic figure and our protest is against the state government.''Hariprasad claimed that a one-lakh strong gathering of party workers from the districts will travel to the state capital for the protest against BJP's corruption and malefic political attacks on Congressmen. We are also protesting against the political vendetta of the BJP -- the way false cases are being registered targeting our workers,'' he said.At the PCC meeting in the state party office, district presidents were asked to speed up with the induction of 33% women office bearers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16564543", "title": "Nashik Police get special van for sniffer dogs", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik police commissionerate has received its first van for sniffer dogs.The new seven-seater vehicle, equipped with two dog kennels, arrived at the police commisisonerate on Tuesday. The commissionerate has two Labradors as sniffer dogs. Named Julie and Mona, the dogs will now be transported to crime scenes in the new air-conditioned van.Police officials said both the sniffer dogs have played an important role in cracking house break-ins as well as murder cases. However, their efficiency depends on the circumstances of the crime scene, its handler as well as the efficiency of the investigating officer on making use of the sniffer dogs well.Though the van for the sniffer dogs is a welcome move, the crime branch is also in the need of sniffer dogs to detect narcotic substances. Mona and Julie have been specially trained to give leads for general crime and not for narcotics substances. The bomb detection squad has two sniffer dogs for detecting explosive substances.Sources said while two posts have been sanctioned for investigation related to narcotics, the next step would be procuring sniffer dogs for detecting such substances. The same sniffer dog could not be trained in all the three branches of crime, narcotics and bomb detection. The van for the dog squad is among 11 such vehicles distributed to different police departments and commissionerates in the state, issued by the office of the director general of police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16563543", "title": "Wasnik against 'creation' of Mahadalits", "text": "PATNA: Union minister for social justice and empowerment Mukul Wasnik on Wednesday disapproved the Bihar government's creation of a subgroup of Mahadalits among dalits.Bihar government, in 2007, brought the concept of Mahadalit and created a subgroup among the scheduled castes. Subsequently, the state government also launched a series of welfare schemes exclusively for Mahadalits saying it wanted to ensure 'proper uplift of extremely dalits' among the SCs.Talking to mediapersons on Wednesday after reviewing the cases lodged under the SCs/STs ( Protection of Atrocities) Act and the Protection of Civil Rights Act and expressing concern over the atrocities against the SC/STs in the state, Wasnik said, \"It is a matter of serious concern that about 3,700 cases (precisely 3730 cases in 2011 as per the National Crime Record Bureau (NCRB) data) of atrocities against the SCs/STs took place in Bihar in 2011 compared to just 1,494 in 2002.\"Other big states like Uttar Pradesh (7,737), Andhra Pradesh (8,404), Rajasthan (6,440) and Madhya Pradesh (4,502) have also reported a rising trend in such cases in 2011, he said. Wasnik also said there was an urgent need to create an 'exclusively specialized force' to deal with such cases. \"Keeping in mind the increasing number of such cases, a lot has to be done in Bihar to reduce the incidents of atrocities on dalits,\" he said.The minister further said he was informed by the Bihar's SC/ST welfare minister Jitan Ram Manjhi that the state government has identified 33 out of 38 districts as 'prone to atrocities against the SCs/STs'.He suggested the state government to request the courts to take up pending cases of atrocities and injustice against the SCs/STs as there was rise in such incidents due to delay in disposal of their cases. The Centre would provide assistance, if required, for setting up special courts for trial of such cases, he said.In the afternoon, Wasnik also visited BPCC headquarters Sadaqat Ashram. He exhorted the Congressmen to oppose the \"misinformation campaign\" of the BJP on coal block allocation issue. \"Manmohan Singh is a thoroughly honest leader. But the BJP has launched a false campaign to smear his clean image. Congressmen should expose the BJP's nefarious plan,\" Wasnik said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16563987", "title": "Fans await the magic of Rowling\u2019s next", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With the wave of her magic wand, J K Rowling is set to transition herself from being the wizard behind the Harry Potter series to the best-selling author who is ready with her first novel for grownups \u2014 \"The Casual Vacancy\". Enthusiastic about this shift from witchcraft to the English dark humour, Rowling's fans are waiting to order the book.Eager to find out what this 'children's writer' has to offer, engineer Jaskaran Singh Bawa, said: \"Her imagination runs too wild at times and befits a world of fantasy. How different will this novel be is yet to be seen. Or perhaps I will search for the same sinister flavour as in the Potter series.\"Class X student Rishabh Khanna loves the portrayal of characters in Harry Potter novels. He forced his mother into reading the series and now has been able to 'convert' her into an ardent follower of Rowling. \"Her books are so gripping that I have been able to complete 600 pages in two days. My mom also reads it and now is looking forward to 'The Casual Vacancy',\" he said.For over a month, city bookstores have been handling queries related to the new release. Ajay Arora, owner of a Sector 17-based bookstore, said, \"Eager buyers have been inquiring about advance booking. As the book has been launched worldwide, we do not expect any shortage of copies. So there is no need for advance booking.\"At a popular cafe-store in Sector 16, the fan-following hasn't stopped. \"We have developed a database of these enthusiasts as the queries have been unending,\" said owner Vishal Bhasin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "siliguri", "code": "16563075", "title": "Stability breeds success: Trevor Morgan", "text": "SILIGURI: When Trevor Morgan decided to leave Indian shores in a huff, just hours after guiding East Bengal to another CFL Premier Division title in May, many doubted whether he'll return. He did, with the mission of making East Bengal the top football club in India. He spoke to TOI on the eve of the semifinal.You are into your third season in Indian football. What does it mean to you?It means I have been doing something right, otherwise I would not have been here for three years. From that respect, it's good. It's not an easy job.With East Bengal, you have won everything but the I-League...I realize the importance of I-League, as the club has not won it for a long time. But to put things in perspective, the club has probably been in a bit of decline vis-a-vis tournament wins since 2005. So in the last two years, we have come a long way up in terms of progress in what we have been able to do and what we want. But I really want to win the I-League. It's not easy, but it's not something that I am going to lose sleep over.No Kolkata side has won the I-league since East Bengal's triumph in 2003-04. Can you pinpoint a reason for this?If I take a step outside and look in, football in Goa seems to be pretty settled. Armando (Colaco) has been with Dempo for more than a decade. Karim (Bencherifa) went to coach Salgaocar two seasons back. Sporting Clube got promoted and they have kept the same coach and nucleus of the team. It's stability which breeds success. Unfortunately, when you look at the other way, Mohun Bagan have had five coaches though they have good players. Sometimes you need to have stability for success.Is coaching in Kolkata like a pressure-cooker situation?Clubs in Kolkata are under pressure from the media which is huge. People always are looking to argue over trifle issues. I didn't see anything happening when Nirmal Chhetri and Rahim Nabi had gone from East Bengal to Mohun Bagan. But that's not the case with Tolgay.What went wrong in Tolgay's case?He was the top-scorer for East Bengal for two seasons and then decided to move on when he got their (Mohun Bagan's) offer. The matter could have been handled a little better. But if you look at it from Mohun Bagan's point of view, they had just lost the Calcutta league and might have needed something to make their fans hopeful for the new season. So the best thing for them was to announce the signing of the rivals' top-scorer, which was a great coup for them. But had they waited for two-three weeks more, the whole affair, which went on for three-four months, would not have happened.How disturbing is it to notice such lack of professionalism in the clubs?Firstly, there should be a standard contract for every player. And every single contract should have the same words. Secondly, a coach should be given the responsibility of selecting his team. Because when I go to work, I like to have the tools that I want.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16563466", "title": "Eateries in Goa to be tobacco-free", "text": "PANAJI: Eateries will soon be free of tobacco products. The government has issued directives to all eating premises and establishments in the state not to keep or sell or provide any tobacco or tobacco products in any form (cigars, cigarettes, biddies, gutka, hukkahs, etc) at their establishments and any instance of detection of such non-compliances shall be dealt with severely under the law in force.This decision has come following the land markjudgement delivered by the Bombay high court on July 13, 2011.In view of it, the Goa government directed all agencies such as municipalities, panchayats, health services and health centres, tourism and FDA to instruct their subordinate offices involved in the issue of NOC, approvals and licences for eating outlets in the state, to incorporate specific conditions conveying, among others, conditions that the eating houses or establishments shall not keep or sell or provide any tobacco or tobacco related products in any form.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16564473", "title": "Sweet profit out of damaged sugar", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A huge quantity of PDS sugar was drenched while being recently transported by rail to Odisha from a mill in Maharashtra and became unfit for distribution eventually fetched windfall profit for the state government.Unbelievable as it may sound, the Odisha Civil Supplies Corporation auctioned the wet sugar and earned money at least one-and-a-half times of the amount it had spent for lifting the stock from the mill. The Centre has fixed ex-factory price of per kg of sugar at Rs 18. \"When we went for open auction, we got a price of nearly Rs 33 per kg,\" said a senior official. \"Those who bought the stock will gain because sugar price in the open market is more than Rs 44 per kg,\" the official added.The Centre in June had allotted 2688 tons of PDS sugar to Odisha and asked the government to lift the stock from a mill in Manjara, Maharashtra. Accordingly, the state civil supply corporation sent its staff and got the stock transported by rail. When the sugar rakes arrived in Mancheswar railway station here on July 27, it was found that at least 134.55 tons of sugar in 2691 bags worth Rs 28.57 lakh were damaged by rain.This was revealed by information supplied to an RTI applicant, Pradip Pradhan. The damaged stock was verified by a quality analyst, who reported that six wagons had been drenched in rain and wasted. The inspection report pointed out that the drenched sugar stock was not in a condition to be issued for PDS. It was also suggested that the damaged stock could be disposed of through open auction.The government also informed the RTI applicant that it has since demanded the railway to pay compensation for the loss of sugar. It said a letter in this regard had been sent to the Railway Board chairman on August 14 \"demanding compensation against damage to PDS sugar.\"The state government through the Odisha Civil Supplies Corporation has been lifting sugar allocated by the Centre since 2000 after FCI discontinued sugar lifting for the state. The state said the central government's directorate of sugar has been allotting levy sugar for the state on a monthly basis. Around 95% of this is procured from mills earmarked in Maharashtra, Karnataka and Tamilnadu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16564950", "title": "Courts can\u2019t meddle in accountability bill", "text": "KOCHI: Courts cannot interfere in the proposed legislation for judicial accountability as the legislative process has not been completed, the Union government has contended at the Kerala high court.The Union government counsel T Sanjay made this point before a division bench comprising Justices K M Joseph and K Harilal during the admission hearing of a public interest litigation (PIL) seeking to quash the judicial accountability bill.The bill seeks to set up a credible mechanism to investigate misbehaviour of judges. Lok Sabha has already passed the Judicial Standards and Accountability Bill, 2010. The bill is yet to be tabled in Rajya Sabha. The counsel argued that since the legislative process has not been completed, courts cannot interfere at this stage.The PIL filed by advocate Basil Attipetty says the bill is an infringement on the rights of the judiciary by the legislature and the executive. The petition says the bill is against the protection provided to judges of the Supreme Court and high courts in Article 121 and 211 of the Constitution.Articles 121 and 211 state that no discussion shall take place in Parliament with respect to the conduct of any judge of the Supreme Court or of a high court in the discharge of his duties except upon a motion for presenting an address to the President praying for removal of the judge.The petition also says Article 13 (2) prevents the state from making any law which takes away or abridges the fundamental rights laid out in the Constitution. Further, he points out that independent judiciary is a fundamental right and any law in contravention of Article 13 shall be void.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16563235", "title": "Wife, lover kill man in west Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 23-year-old woman and her lover were arrested for allegedly murdering her husband in west Delhi. Neetu and Mahesh were arrested on Tuesday following investigations into the disappearance of Dhruv Kumar, who was later found to be murdered, said V Renganathan, additional commissioner of police (West).\"Mahesh, a driver and friend of the deceased, and Neetu allegedly struck a deal with his friends for Rs 50,000 to kill Dhruv,\" he said. Dhruv owned a scrap shop.Dhruv's brother reported to police that he was missing since September 18 and police received an input that Mahesh had allegedly kidnapped someone. \"He was apprehended from Moti Nagar area and his questioning led to recovery of Dhruv's body. Neetu was arrested later,\" Renganathan said.Neetu got into an affair with Mahesh as her relationship with her husband was not cordial. \"Mahesh's frequent visits became a bone of contention between Dhruv and his wife. Neetu wanted to get rid of Dhruv and conspired with Mahesh to kill her husband. Mahesh got his two friends Kallu and Raju to commit the crime,\" Renganathan said.On September 17, Mahesh called Dhruv on the pretext of purchasing some articles and took him to Bawana where he and his friends allegedly murdered him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16564192", "title": "Tourism grows in city despite recession", "text": "VARANASI: While the tourism industry in general may have been adversely hit by recession for the past three years, the city has witnessed a considerable increase in tourist footfalls in 2012.As many as 22,50,486 tourists have arrived in the city this year, which includes 21,19,805 domestic and 1,30,681 international tourists, a considerable increase from 20,17, 496 domestic and 1,15,210 international tourists as per last year's records of tourist arrivals till June.According to Apurva Srivastava, statistical officer, UP Tourism, despite the fact that tourism is badly hit in the \"off season\" between April and August, a large number of tourists have visited Varanasi during this period. \"In fact, 2,21,230 domestic as well as 11,261 international tourists arrived in the month of June alone, when the least number of tourists are expected\", he informed.It may be mentioned here that in June 2009, when most European and American countries were facing an economic slowdown, only 8834 international tourists arrived in the city. However, in June 2010, the figures rose to 17,254, and decreased to 9415 in June 2011. Though the tourism department has not updated the information about tourist arrival for the last two months, the officials claim that hotels, PG accommodations, and tour operators have confirmed good arrival of tourists even in the rainy season.\"Most travel agencies and tour operators this year started arriving from the month of February. Moreover, a number of backpackers and art lovers are arriving and staying in the city not for site-seeing but to learn music, dance, yoga and different art forms,\" Srivastava said.Notably, in 2011-2012, the record of international tourists reached an all time high of over 2.5 lakh in the city.Besides, as per records of UP Tourism Varanasi office, the city ranks second in the state after Agra to receive maximum number of international tourists.According to Avinash Mishra, deputy director, UP tourism, government of India has recently declared Uttar Pradesh as number one for domestic tourism. \"After 10 years, UP has been ranked number one for the arrival of domestic tourists, replacing Andhra Pradesh for the top position\", he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "thanjavur", "code": "16564667", "title": "Court urged to make approver accused", "text": "THANJAVUR: In a twist to the Kumbakonam fire case trial, a counsel of one of the accused in the case has filed a petition before the judge in Thanjavur district sessions court to pass an order to include the headmaster who turned approver as one of the accused in the case, here on Wednesday.The trial of the case that commenced on Monday eight years after the fire tragedy killed 94 schoolchildren, continued for the third consecutive day on Wednesday. The school headmaster, Prabhakaran, the approver, was appearing in court from day one of the trial. He was cross-examined by the counsel of the two prime accused, Pazhanisamy, the school correspondent, and his wife Saraswathi, on Monday and Tuesday. The cross-examination with the approver was expected to be over on Wednesday, but the appeal to reject him as approver further dragged the process of completing the case within the six months period stipulated by the Supreme Court.The petition came up for hearing before judge G Saravanan in the morning session. Advocate Krishnamoorthy, a counsel of Santhalakshmi, one of the 21 accused persons, submitted a petition before the judge appealing to him to pass an order rejecting the headmaster Prabakaran as an approver in this case. Moreover, he pleaded with the judge to include him as one of the accused as he was also involved in the offence.However, R Madhusudhanan, government-appointed special public prosecutor, countered the argument and appealed to the judge to dismiss the petition saying he had already been pardoned by the chief judicial magistrate in Kumbakonam.Later in the evening, Madhusudhanan told TOI, \"Prabakaran turned approver in 2005 in this case. Then, the chief judicial magistrate, Kumbakonam, had pardoned Prabakaran. Moreover, he had been cross-examined at the committal court in Kumbakonam by that time. He had given the true facts of the commission of offence by him and other accused persons. Now, we are going to cross-examine him before the sessions court.\"On hearing arguments of both counsels, justice Saravanan reserved the order and adjourned the case to Thursday. The order on the petition is expected to be pronounced on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16562845", "title": "Sule shuttlers down Scottish for hat-trick", "text": "MUMBAI: Mohit Jeste and Pratik Kishore helped defending champions V N Sule Guruji English Medium Secondary School, Dadar, down Bombay Scottish, Mahim to retain their crown and make it a hat-trick of titles at the DSO Badminton Boys (U-17) Team Championship played at the North Indian Association courts, King's Circle.In the Girls (U-17) Team Championship, the duo of Anokhi Haria and Kareena Madan propelled St. Anne's, Fort to a clean sweep over Bombay Scottish, Mahim.Results: Boys U-17: IES V N Sule Guruji, Dadar bt Bombay Scottish, Mahim 2-1 (Pratik Kishore bt Jay Mudda 21-9, 21-12; Ameya Vombhatkare lost to Bharat Jain 14-21, 13-21; Pratik Kishore &amp; Mohit Jeste bt Pratyush Panshikar &amp; Arunav Uchil 21-14, 21-18).Girls U-17 Team Championship: St. Anne's, Fort bt Bombay Scottish 2-0 (Anokhi Haria bt Gayatri Sapale 21-7, 21-8; Kareena Madan bt Divya Vaidya 21-18, 21-19).MSWA romp to victoryThe Maharashtra State Welfare Association (WSFA) scored a convincing 4-0 win against a hapless Dhuram FC in a Division III match of the Mumbai District Football Association (MDFA) League at the St Xavier's ground, Parel, on Wednesday.Salman Khan , Thanveer Bhojvani, Dawood Ansari and Raunk Khot pumped in a goal each for the winners.Results: Maharashtra State Welfare Association (WSFA) 4 (Salman Khan, Thanveer Bhojvani) Dawood Ansari, Raunk Khot) bt Dhuram FC 0.Republicans win bigBombay Republicans recorded a 12-0 rout over Rustomjee International in a Division IV match of the Mumbai Hockey Association (MGA) League at the MHA Stadium, Churchgate on Wednesday. Pravin Chaurasia slammed in six goals while Rakshish Bangera and Sachin Sharma scored two goals each.Scores: Div-IV: Bombay Republicans 12 (Pravin Chaurasia 6, Rakshish Bangera 2, Sachin Sharma 2, Sanjay Rawal 1, Tukaram T 1) bt Rustomjee International 0.Bonus wins for CCI Shufflers, DG WarriorsCCI 'Shufflers' and Dombivali Gymkhana 'Warriors' registered their second straight bonus point wins to swell their tally to 10 points each, in the second week of the World Zoroastrian Organization Trust Mumbai Snooker League 2012, orgainsed by the Billiards &amp; Snooker Association of Maharashtra and hosted by Dadar Parsee Colony Gymkhana.Shufflers, won their home and away ties against Radio Sharks in Group D, while Warriors overcame Mumbai Port Trust Pawar Six in Group J.Meanwhile, CCI 'Snooker Kings', MIG 'Feathers', JVPG 'Fighters' and defending champions PJ Hindu Gymkhana 'Hustlers' increased their tally to seven points. Rajesh Vora of JVPG 'Tigers' registered the highest break of the week with a 44, while Parsee Gymkhana's TMC 'Warrriors' captain Percy Driver fired 41 for the second highest.Pandit XI take command against Vengsarkar XIChandrakant Pandit XI's Badre Alam was the hero with the ball as he snapped four wickets for 35 runs as Dilip Vengsarkar XI were bowled out for 136 in 53.1 overs. Their decision to bat first after winning the toss in their U-25 Shalini Bhalekar Trophy clash clearly went against them. In reply, Pandit XI were 85 for one. In another match, Lalchand Rajpur XI scored 321 for 8 after electing to bat against Hemant Waingankar XI.Brief Scores: Vengsarkar XI (1st inngs): 136 (Badre Alam 4/35, Siddharth Prasad 3/27) vs Chandrakant Pandit XI (1st inngs): 85-1 (Bravish Shetty 44*, Shalabh Agarwal 29*)Lalchand Rajput XI (1st inngs): 321-8 (Shashank Singh 77, Sarvesh Damle 76*, Hanuj Ambhire 74, Shardul Thakur 49; Vinit Dhulap 3/65) vs Hemant Waingankar XI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16563748", "title": "Transplant surgeon to be honoured", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Dr Pranjal Modi, transplant surgeon of Institute of Kidney Diseases and Research Center (IKDRC), will be awarded the 'Maharshi Sushruta Sanmaan for Research in Transplantation Biology' by governor Dr Kamala on Saturday for notable contribution in transplantation immuno-biology. Prof Kathryn Wood from Oxford University , UK will also be conferred the award.Addressing a press meet here on Wednesday, IKDRC director Dr H L Trivedi said that the jury has selected Prof Kathryn Wood for her science work on T-regulatory cells. \"Dr Modi has done pioneering work and largest series of laparoscopic kidney transplants and liver transplantation in the public sector. He has finished 117 laparoscopic renal transplants so far. He is the first surgeon in the world to have achieved this feat. He has also performed 50 liver transplants so far and brought this service to the common man,\" said Dr Trivedi. The award consists of Rs one lakh, a citation and a shawl.Dr Trivedi said that he along with Aruna Vanikar and Shruti Dave from Stem Cell lab of IKDRC have generated the first Tolerance Vaccine of T-regulatory cells.\"IKDRC is a pioneer in inducing transplantation tolerance which means transplantation with no immunosuppression. We've further upgraded our research and generated T-regulatory cells from donor adipose tissue-derived mesenchymal stem cells. These are the cells which are the key players of tolerance. They block and inactivate all rejecting cells. We've generated T-regulatory cell therapy which is named \"TVS India Tolerogenic T-reg therapy,\" he said. This therapy will bestow a gift of normal life without immunosuppression to all patients who undergo any organ transplantation. \"We've successfully used it in four kidney transplant patients so far,\" said Trivedi.The IKDRC has also organized \"Transplantation Update 2012\" wherein the transplantation programme of the institute will be discussed with national and international experts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16566934", "title": "Centre puts Andhra Pradesh CM on march alert", "text": "HYDERABAD: Even as the battle lines are getting drawn between the TelanganaJAC and the security personnel over the proposed Chalo Hyderabad march by the former on September 30, the Centre has mounted tremendous pressure on chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy and has made it clear that it is his sole responsibility to ensure that no violence takes place in Hyderabad on the eve of the biodiversity conference slated to begin here on October 1.While AICC functionaries spoke to the chief minister on Tuesday night during his Krishna district visit, state government sources said the Centre has made it clear to them that any unrest on the eve of the conference will have disastrous consequences not only for the state but for the country as well. \"Any US travel advisory urging its citizens not to travel to Hyderabad and India would lower the image of the country in the eyes of the world and disrupt the summit that has been planned over a year ago. If the US issues such an advisory, the other western countries will follow suit. The chief minister and the state should take all steps to ensure that such a thing does not happen.This was what was communicated to us by the Centre on Tuesday,\" a state government official told TOI. What is worrisome for the state is that the Centre made it clear that any pre-march violence or unrest will not be tolerated. After his day-long telephonic parleys with Telangana ministers and leaders on Tuesday yielded no fruit, an embattled Kiran Kumar is slated to resume his negotiations with the T leaders once he returns to Hyderabad on Thursday evening after completing his three-day Indiramma Baata in Krishna district. \"The next 72 hours will be very crucial not only for the chief minister , but for AP and the country as well,\" said sources.According to the sources, the CM was galvanized into action after the Congress high command told him on Tuesday night that the reports they have been getting about the Chalo Hyderabad march do not match with the rosy picture being painted by him. Stung by the ticking off, Kiran Kumar on Wednesday morning telephoned his deputy C Damodar Raja Narasimha , panchayat raj minister K Jana Reddy, and senior Congress leader K Keshava Rao and urged them to prevail upon the TJAC to postpone the march.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "16571765", "title": "Meghalaya government to inquire into handcuffing of doctor by police", "text": "SHILLONG: The Meghalaya government has ordered an inquiry into the alleged handcuffing of a resident doctor by the police at a remote health centre in South Garo Hills district, as government doctors today are observing a 24-hour cease-work in the region to protest against the action.Officials said that the South Garo Hills district administration had ordered a magisterial inquiry, headed by Additional District Magistrate A M Sangma, into the police action and the report is expected to be filed within two weeks.A doctor in-charge of Chokpot PHC, Dr W N Sangma, was detained by the police for not allowing police personnel to park their vehicles in the hospital premises on Wednesday evening, sources said.Dr Sangma was allegedly handcuffed and his hands tied before he was taken to the Chokpot police station and his medical examination conducted.According to MMSA general secretary Dr Aman War, the doctor had only asked the constables from the second MLP battalion who were coming in a vehicle not to use the road inside the PHC premises.Dr War said that though the doctor was released by the police after detaining him on Wednesday evening, he was again taken for medical examination at night.The government doctors association, the Meghalaya Medical Service Association (MMSA), has demanded stringent action against the erring police personnel, saying if it was not done, they would resort to a statewide strike from next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16563301", "title": "No NOC needed to register land smaller than 1k sq metre", "text": "GURGAON: The Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) and district administration have decided that a no-objection certificate (NOC) will no longer be mandatory for purchase or sale of properties smaller than 1,000 square metres. This will bring relief to small plot owners.Out of the 39 approved colonies under the MCG, this ruling is already applicable in nine colonies. \"A survey is being carried out in the remaining 30 colonies. This ruling will be applicable in all the colonies in the coming months,\" said an official.In case of vacant plots above 1,000 sq meters in the nine approved colonies, NOC will be needed from both the MCG and district town planner (DTP). These nine colonies are: Rajendra Park, Laxman Vihar, Daultabad Road, Ashok Vihar, Krishna Colony, Shanti Nagar, Bhim Garh Kheri, Dayanand Colony and Prem Nagar.Municipal commissioner Sudhir Rajpal held a meeting with deputy commissioner PC Meena on Wednesday to discuss a more transparent and simplified process of property registration. It was decided that in the nine approved colonies falling in the MCG area, division of built-up area is not allowed for registration of sale deed and in such cases no NOC will be required.The MCG has also demarcated boundaries of these colonies. A survey conducted done in all these nine colonies and maps were prepared. The findings of survey were also verified through patwaris. The khasra numbers of plots in these nine colonies will be incorporated in the tehsil office records so that the decision could be implemented properly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16570618", "title": "IITR report vindicates our stand: NGO", "text": "BHOPAL: The report submitted by Indian Institute of Toxicological Research Lucknow submitted in the Supreme Court has vindicated their stand, say Bhopal survivor organizations who have been fighting since 1990 to secure clean drinking water in communities affected by ground water contamination due to Union Carbide's reckless dumping of toxic wast in and around the factory from 1969-1984.The Supreme Court has also asked IITR, Lucknow that another round of sampling needs to be carried out in October 2012 and also asked representatives of Bhopal Group for Information and Action to be present during sampling as well. The reason for carrying out another round of sampling needs to be carried out in October because earlier sampling of Sep 2012 was carried out during the monsoon time which is not atall a good time for conducting water sampling. Ms Karuna Nundy representing Bhopal Group for Information and Action brought it to the attention of the court that as per the guidelines set by Ministry of Environment and Forest, Govt of India for water quality management guideline the water sampling should be carried out in pre monsoon and post monsoon season.In a press release the Bhopal survivor organizations said that the MP government has failed to supply clean drinking water till 8 years after the Supreme Court order of 7 may 2004 in communities behind Union Carbide factory. At the time of the order there were only 14 communities that were affected by ground water contamination and now IITR findings have confirmed contamination in 18 communities. The MP government has also done nothing in providing free medical care to residents of these communities who have been forced to drink contaminated water for over 20 years,according to the press release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16562270", "title": "3 months on, water leaking 24X7 under Sitabuldi flyover", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) and private water operator Orange City Water Limited (OCWL) have been unable to lay a 400 meter water pipeline in three months. The delay is resulting in loss of million of gallons of potable water from a leaking pipeline below the Sitabuldi flyover.A big water leak was detected below Sitabuldi flyover's retaining wall in front of Sitabuldi police station on June 29. The leakage was from a 25 inch pipeline. Water flows through this pipeline round the clock from the water master balancing reservoir (MBR) on the premises of Rajbhavan. This water is supplied to around 1.15 lakh population, including Ramdaspeth, Dhantoli, Sitabuldi, Netaji Market area, Takiya, Kumbhartoli, Chhoti Dhantoli and adjoining areas. The flyover's retaining wall had been constructed over the water pipeline many years ago.In July first week, NMC and OCWL officials decided to lay a new water pipeline from Morris College square to Panchsheel square, as it was not possible to repair the leak below the flyover's retaining wall. After the issue was highlighted by TOI, OCWL laid a small underground pipeline to lead the leaking water away from below the flyover to a nearby storm water drain, to prevent water logging on the road and in the busy Variety square.Since then, a huge quantity of potable water has been going down the drain every minute. Structural engineers also said the water leak below the flyover may result in a threat to the flyover's life. Later, chairman of water works committee Sudhakar Kolhe visited the spot and directed officials to complete the work as soon as possible.However, work on the new water pipeline was started after a long gap, and is going on at snail's pace. As on date, the water pipeline work has been completed from Morris College square to Variety square. The pipeline still has to reach Panchsheel Square after crossing the busy Morbhavan area and Jhansi Rani square. It seems that the work may take another month or more.Confirming the delay, NMC executive engineer Shashikant Hastak told TOI, however, that the work is likely to be completed very soon. \"Work has been completed up to NIT complex adjacent to Morbhavan. There has been a problem in digging due to cables under the road. The digging work cannot be done by machines, and we are using labourers now,\" he said.Under 24X7 water supply project, OCWL has to replace 574.31km old and leaking water network in two years. The operator has to relay 1.2km every day to meet the target in time. But OCWL has replaced just 27km network in the last nine months. Considering the slow pace of work, several questions have been raised on the project's timely completion, which is necessary to get all the funds sanctioned under JNNURM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16564506", "title": "Resignation was Ajit's personal decision: Sule", "text": "NASHIK: NCP MP Supriya Sule who was in the city for the party's Yuvati Melava said that stepping down was Ajit Pawar's own decision.\"Resigning from the post of deputy chief minister was Ajit Pawar's personal decision. It was what his inner voice said to him,\" Sule said, pointing out that the minister had not been asked to resign.She further said that the NCP would not withdraw from the coalition government in the state led by the Congress.Sule added that it was only gossip that the central government was under threat due to deputy chief minister's resignation. Replying to a question on whether the NCP would conduct an inquiry on the scam that made Ajit Pawar resign, Sule replied, \"The white paper will clarify everything so there is no need for the party to conduct a separate inquiry.\"Commenting on her effort to ensure security of women, Sule said state home minister R R Patil had started a women's helpline 103 which would function under the NCP as parent body. She added that female foeticide would be treated seriously.The MP also congratulated tshe media for taking the issue to the drawing rooms of people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16563527", "title": "Residents foil demolition drive", "text": "PATNA: It took seven hours for the district administration and the Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) officials to suspend the demolition drive on Wednesday as the residents of Bhagwat Nagar, Kankarbagh, went on a rampage and set afire a PMC vehicle after police approached the colony to demolish the illegal constructions.The residents, including men, women and children, staged dharna under the banner of Adarsh Bhagwat Jaiprakash Nagar Morcha against the demolition drive in the wake of a Supreme Court order on September 8. Ready to face any consequence to save their dwellings, the defiant residents even planned self-immolation and at least 11 persons were ready for it. \"Hum log bhukhe rahke apna ghar banaye hain. Tab koi prashashan ake kyun nahin roka tha?\" asked Sushila Devi, a resident of the locality.The protest turned violent when the government vehicles tried to enter the locality. An angry mob on Bhootnath Road set ablaze the vehicle of Radhamohan Prasad, deputy commissioner, PMC, around 12.30pm. \"Four persons, including Prasad, Anil Kumar, executive officer, Kankarbagh Circle, driver Manzer Alam and peon Nand Kishore got serious injury and were immediately rushed to a hospital,\" said PMC commissioner Pankaj Kumar Pal.Students of the area did not go to their schools and colleges to save their houses. \"We were born and brought up here. I spent my childhood here with my parents. How can the administration demolish my home? We will fight till the end,\" said Samit Anand, a college student.The Bhootnath Road was blocked since morning to stop the administration from entering the area. \"Two JCB machines were placed at the road but could not enter the area. It is not our failure. The PMC officials, along with the police force, tried to enter the Bhagwat Nagar area once at 2.30pm but the houses were not vacated so the force had to return,\" Pal said, adding, \"It was the district administration's responsibility to get the houses vacated so that the JCB machines could operate.\"Pal said he would hold a meeting with the DM and SSP on Thursday as the houses have to be demolished before September 30 to comply with the Supreme Court order.\"Altogether 135 policemen with lathi, 40 armed police personnel, six SHOs and two DSPs were deployed to maintain law and order in the area. Two fire tenders were also stationed to handle the situation,\" said SP (City) Jayant Kant. No further date for the demolition drive was announced.The case has a chequered history. The Bihar Finance Service Housing Cooperative Society (BFSHCS) had duly purchased about 56 acres of land in 1983 for its members. Over the years, about 18 acres of the land has allegedly been encroached by residents of Bhagwat Nagar. The BFSHCS has fought the case for a long time with the Patna DM, PMC commissioner and district land acquisition officer among the 22 respondents in the case. Finally, the apex court ordered to demolish the illegal structures before September 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16570827", "title": "See what Wipro, HCL, Infosys want in next-gen leaders", "text": "BANGALORE: As Indian IT companies try to morph from being mere low-cost service providers to business partners, they are feeling the need for more and better leaders across all levels. Infosys, Wipro, HCL and others are drawing up a new checklist of traits they want their next generation of leaders to have.\"One needs to have more courage now,\" says Matt Barney, vice-president and director, Infosys Leadership Institute, referring to employees in leadership roles. \"It takes courage to predict what may happen with clients and businesses on a cognitive and computational front.\" Barney is also on the lookout for those who can learn and are innovative enough to interpret complex problems and come up with practical solutions that clients can apply.For Barney, such traits are specific to IT because of the faster pace of change. \"Till few years back, there was no cloud and before that no Java... one needs to be disruptive here,\" he adds.Wipro is putting junior and middle management employees through psychometric tests to spot leaders with resilience and detachment. Those chosen are then measured on how they have bounced back from failure. Ability to cope with setbacks is emerging as crucial trait in a volatile economic environment.Last year, an MNC IT firm appointed a 39-year-old as head of its business unit in India. Though he was of Indian origin, he had never worked here. He struggled initially. Later, he and consulting firm E&Y; changed business tactics. The duo altered business model, made performance management razor sharp and had weekly sales performance reviews instead of bi-annually. He stabilised the Indian business in 18 months.\"While the last downturn was a lesson for senior leaders, this dip in business cycle is for the younger lot to learn from,\" said Milan Sheth, technical senior trade and partner at E&amp;Y.;Business model changes forced by the global economic slowdown are forcing changes too. IT companies are moving to a non-linear model where they are trying to delink revenue growth from the need to hire more hands.In the last five years, the average revenue earned per employee in the sector has increased by 19-20% for companies like Infosys and TCS.\"Earlier, more people on payrolls meant more revenue. But now, clients want more services from a smaller manpower,\" said PrashantBhatnagar, director - hiring and staffing for SapientNitro, marketing-technology division of technology firm Sapient. \"This means hunting for those who are adaptable to disruption and change, can take risks and shorten their tenure of failure quickly,\" he added. Bhatnagar estimates that around 12% of 2.8 million industry workforce could be thrust in roles that could demand some form of leadership. Sapient employs 7,000 in India and has tweaked its talent selection procedure to seek out candidates who are comfortable with unknown settings.IT services firm HCL wants employees who are capable of engaging with clients across different geographies, social and economic backgrounds. \"We need employees who are good at problem solving, understand different industries and not just IT. Someone who disrupts our status quo and questions our ideas\", says NaveenNarayanan, global head - talent acquisition, HCL Technologies. Narayanan gives the example of a junior employee who came up with the idea of an in-house social media portal. Though the senior management was sceptical about the idea, the employee persisted and managed to convince the top brass on need for it. Today more than 3/4 th of the employees are on it.Aegis has picked a crack team of 500 employees with an average age of 25-35 years from its 57,000 strong workforce to help it beat competitors on price and margins. Aegis will put this lot into live projects and assignments that deal mainly with cost optimisation and negotiation with clients along with mentoring sessions. \"There was not so much focus on costs earlier and now we need employees who are good at people management in these tough times,\" said SM Gupta, HR head for the company.This sector hires around 2 lakh engineers in a year and according to a Randstad study is expected to add 227,328 jobs till the end of 2012. \"Till now, concentration was more towards engineering which has left space for coaching in leadership development,\" says Infy's Barney.Mid-rung IT firms that employ only a few thousands have it tough as well. They do not have the luxury of keeping people on the bench to train them. Training needs to happen even as they are executing contracts. \"We need those who are good at managing paradoxes-change in business cycles that are more frequent now,\" said C Mahalingam, HR head of Symphony.While earlier these companies could afford employees who could take risks rarely after much deliberation, today they need managers who can place bets often and get them right at first shot. A lot, who can ruthlessly stop businesses that do not pay, include training only where it is needed and cut investments that take time to mature, Mahalingam added.The company, therefore, has changed its mentoring route that is focussed on \"management of paradoxes.\" During leadership training, focus is now on finding answers to problems that have more than one solution rather than an 'either/or'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "banga (nawanshahr)", "code": "16566143", "title": "Declared dead at birth, twin found alive in mortuary", "text": "BANGA (NAWANSHAHR): In a shocking and bizarre case of medical negligence, newborn premature male twins were declared dead by doctors after their birth at a private hospital here. However, after being kept in a mortuary for the whole night at near zero temperatures, one baby was found alive. The baby died later, despite desperate efforts of three hours at Guru Nanak Mission Hospital, Dhahan Kaleran.Deputy commissioner, Nawanshahr, Tanu Kashyap, has entrusted an inquiry to SDM, Banga while SSP Nawanshahr, Dhanpreet Kaur, has written to civil surgeon to get the matter investigated by a medical board to ascertain the element of negligence.The babies were born on Sunday late evening at the hospital of Dr Javed Alam in Banga. \"After the childbirth, the doctor told us that the babies were not alive but they have managed to save mother Jaspreet Kaur, who was seven months pregnant. The babies were handed over to us, wrapped in towels, at around 9.30 in the night. We decided to keep them at the mortuary of Guru Nanak Mission Hospital, Dhahan Kaleran where we deposited the 'corpses' at around 10 in the night,\" said Baldev Singh, a close family friend, who was present with the babies' grandfather Faqir Singh, former sarpanch of Balakipur village, as father of the babies was abroad.\"We went to the mortuary at around 8 on Monday to get the 'corpses' and to bury them. When we took out the babies, we saw that one baby had moved out of the towel in which it was wrapped and was gasping for breath in the utterly cold conditions,\" Baldev told TOI.\"We immediately informed the doctors of the hospital and child specialist Dr Avneet immediately started treatment and put the gasping baby on oxygen and in incubator. The doctors and staff at Dhahan Kaleran hospital remained on their toes for three hours, but the baby died at around 11 am,\" Baldev and Faqir Singh said.\"Later, we went to Banga police but there we received offers of money from the doctor to strike a compromise. Police did not do anything to register a case. We then went to Nawanshahr DC Tanu Kashyap on Tuesday, who entrusted an inquiry to Banga SDM, Vijay Kumar Syal, which started on Wednesday,\" they said.Asked what action police took during the two days (Monday and Tuesday), Banga SHO, Vinod Kumar, said, \"We sent the papers to SSP.\" He confirmed that even a daily diary report was not recorded at the police station.Nawanshahr SSP, Dhanpreet Kaur, said that the matter came to her notice on Wednesday after papers came to her and she immediately wrote to the civil surgeon to constitute a board as per the directions of the government to re-ascertain the negligence, on the basis of which, police would take action. She said that she would also get it probed if there was any dilly-dallying on the part of Banga police.Civil surgeon Dr Ashwin Kumar said that as DC had already ordered an inquiry, he had deputed SMO Dr Renu Sood with the SDM and they would jointly hold the inquiry.The two-member committee recorded statements of the complainants, paediatrician Dr Avneet of GNM Hospital, Dhahan Kaleran and Dr Javed Alam and his doctor-wife. The inquiry was on till Wednesday late evening and is expected to be completed in a day or two, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "pillu khera (jind)", "code": "16565572", "title": "Now, 30-yr-old's gangrape in Jind rocks Haryana", "text": "PILLU KHERA (JIND): Haryana is rapidly climbing up the gender crime graph in India. A week after the rape of a dalit schoolgirl rocked Hisar, another case of gangrape came to light on Wednesday \u2014 that of a 30-year-old mother of a six-year-old girl. Not only was the woman assaulted but the rapists filmed the act too. Police said the crime was committed at her home in a railway colony on September 21.Cops have arrested two men but the main suspect is still at large. In the earlier case of gangrape of a 16-year-old girl in Hisar's Dabra village, after which the victim's father committed suicide, the main accused are yet to be nabbed. The Jind rape caught media attention on Wednesday after a few villagers protested against police inaction and approached the SSP.According to police, the woman in Jind, originally a resident of Dharoli village, was gang-raped around noon when she was alone at her house. Her daughter returned from school and found the house bolted from inside and heard her mother cry. She peeped inside and saw her mother surrounded by the three men. Neighbours were alerted when the girl started screaming for help but the assailants escaped. The neighbours simply went back and didn't call the cops.Pillu Khera police said the victim came to the station that evening accompanied by her husband, a mason and gave a statement, naming two of the three youths as sons of Azad Singh, an upper caste man, and Mahavir Singh, a dalit from Dharoli. Head constable Mahender Singh said a case was registered under Section 376 (rape) of IPC and a manhunt has been launched.Jind SSP Saurabh Singh said one of the accused Suraj Kumar, son of Mahavir Singh and Sandeep's father Azad Singh were arrested on Wednesday. Azad has been accused of sheltering his son, who is absconding.Regarding the MMS clip made by the accused, the SSP said, \"As of now, the police do not have any material evidence. Still, we are invest-igating and if we get any proof , we will slap charges.\" He said the victim's family has also sought police protection on Wednesday.Seven more arrested for Hisar gangrapeMeanwhile, Haryana police on Wednesday arrested seven people in connection with a 16-year-old dalit girl's gangrape in Hisar district's Dabra village on September 9. But the main accused, Mahender, who is said to wield political clout in the region, remains on the run.Police said the seven were arrested from Almora of Uttarakhand. \"Nine accused in the case have been arrested now. Two of them were nabbed two days back. Rest of the accused will be arrested soon,\" said DGP Ranjiv Singh Dalal. He said that the Hisar superintendent of police had been directed to approach the district and sessions judge with a request to set up a fast track court to hear the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16566294", "title": "Bride cheats groom, flees with jewellery", "text": "JAIPUR: This is a reverse case where a dulhan (bride) cheated the groom. Unlike in dowry cases, where the groom and his family members harass the bride, here the bride took a swipe at the groom and his family. A person was cheated by a looteri dulhan (cheat bride) in the Sanganer police station area here.The woman along with her gang members fled with jewellery and Rs 20,000 cash a day after she was married to one Ajay Yadav (30) who lives in Pratap Nagar. According to the police, Ajay's mother, Asha Devi, has lodged a case of cheating against Anita and three of her accomplices late on Tuesday night.Asha Devi, in her FIR, stated that one Hanuman Meena met her a month ago and told her that he knew a girl who would be a suitable match for her son and demanded Rs 10,000 as commission , police said.The marriage was scheduled for September 20 and Ajay and Anita got married at a temple. On September 21, the Yadavs were stunned to discover that Anita had gone missing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "16565794", "title": "China truck crushes protester", "text": "BEIJING: The crushed body of a protester in China's Hunan province was forcibly taken away by local authorities after he was allegedly thrust under a rolling truck on the orders of high officials, according to reports and photographs posted in the Chinese version of Twitter, Sina Weibo.One of the posts by a verifiable Weibo user, Zhou Yuxiang, said that the family members of the protester, He Zhi Hua, were also forced to sign a set of papers before his officially-supervised cremation. The report has been blocked out by Chinese media. Reports suggested the demonstrator, Hua, was resisting money offered as compensation for his land that had been earmarked by local authorities for commercial development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16566117", "title": "\u2018Refund taxes on farm machinery raw materials\u2019", "text": "LUDHIANA: The Chamber of Industrial and Commercial Undertakings (CICU) has requested the Centre and the Punjab government to refund central excise duty and VAT charged on raw materials used for manufacturing agricultural machinery.In a statement issued on Wednesday, CICU joint secretary Upkar Singh said it has become necessary to introduce farming mechanization in the agriculture sector, however, the central excise duty and VAT increase production costs. Singh said the farmers have been incurring low profits due to less investment in technology and shortage of labour.\"If compared to the developed countries, we see a huge gap in the use of modern technology here, and this needs to be addressed as a priority\". No VAT and excise duty is imposed on the machinery but 70 to 80% taxes need to be paid on raw materials. For example, if a machine costs Rs 50,000 and raw materials used in its manufacturing cost Rs 35,000; the central excise duty and VAT of Rs 6,059 has to be paid. This has made use of machinery a costly affair for farmers, Upkar explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16563132", "title": "Freedom from middlemen for 386 women artisans", "text": "NEW DELHI: \"We can now have our own stalls in handicraft exhibitions. Earlier we had to sell our products to others who, in turn, would sell them at exhibitions and market at higher prices,\" said Shalu, a glass painter from Kusum Pahari, near Vasant Kunj.Like Shalu, Wednesday was a special day for 386 such women who received Government of India's artisan identity card at Jamia Millia Islamia. The card is an acknowledgment of their handicraft skills and will help these underprivileged women maximize their earnings.For the past one year, Jamia's outreach programme has been helping these women get access to different government schemes and programmes. \"We organized a workshop in collaboration with different women's organizations as well as the northern region office of the development commissioner (handicrafts), Government of India, to identify the skilled workers residing in the neighbourhood of Jamia. It was aimed at providing these home-based skilled workers the artisan identity card,\" said the coordinator of the programme and a teacher at Jamia, Simi Malhotra.A total of 386 workers, including daily wage workers and maids, showcased good handicrafts skills and have been making things for NGOs. These women are residents of Jamia Nagar, Daryaganj or Kusum Pahari, and have been trained in embroidery and crochet, imitation jewellery, wood wares, hand-printed textiles and glass painting, among others.Mehroz Jahan from Gafar Manzil is a zari worker and earned merely Rs 40 - Rs 50 for a day's work. \"We are poor and our work is not organized. This is why we were exploited. But with this recognition now, I can demand a better wage or even work in a cooperative with others and earn profit,\" she added.\"Most of us work as maids and the job pays little to meet our basic needs. We hope this certification will help us earn better,\" said Jajwar Sultana of Daryaganj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16570611", "title": "Govt to incentivize doctors for rural service", "text": "BHOPAL: The Madhya Pradesh government has decided to provide incentives to the doctors who work in rural areas and to give them preference during postings in medical colleges and urban areas. This is aimed to improve health services in rural areas.Under the proposed scheme doctors would be given points for projects or practice taken up in areas that are short of medical practitioners. These points would matter during the entrance exams or while filling of vacant government posts.\"We have to provide incentive to doctors who practice in rural and interior areas. Most states already have such schemes,\" said director public health and family welfare, Dr Sanjay Geol. About 3,000 sanctioned posts of specialists and doctors are vacant in the state.A proposal sent to the director medical education (DME), suggests any doctor who spends time offering his services in rural or remote areas would be eligible for preferred placements in government services and enrolment in medical colleges. \"We are also looking incentives for projects taken up in rural areas,\" he added.\"It is a welcome proposal and the department would decide on the modalities soon,\" DME Dr SC Tiwari told TOI. He further added that the DME is coming up with its own proposal for giving extra perks to doctors and faculty who would take transfer postings to government Rewa and Sagar medical college.Madhya Pradesh is well below the national average in patient-doctor ratio that stands at 1:30,000. Earlier in January, Madhya Pradesh health minister Narottam Mishra said that state faced 'a shortage of nearly 10,000 doctors in government hospitals'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16563563", "title": "High court lifts stay on campus hiring by public sector undertakings", "text": "CHENNAI: In what is likely to cheer hundreds of students, the Madras high court on Wednesday in an interim order vacated a stay granted on a public interest litigation (PIL) seeking cancellation of campus recruitments by public sector undertakings (PSUs) in private institutions and the Indian Institute of Technology Madras.The first bench comprising Chief Justice MY Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam said that if the interim stay was allowed to continue, it would cause harassment to candidates selected before it was granted. However, the bench said, for those appointed after the petition was filed, the matter would be decided only after the final order. \"Much prejudice would be caused to candidates if they are not allowed to join the selected posts, since campus recruitment has been done based on merit and by following the roster system,\" the bench said.The bench cited an earlier order of the Kerala high court and subsequently upheld by the Supreme Court on a petition filed by the Federation of Central Government SC/ST Employees (Kerala) seeking to quash the selection of management trainees made by PSUs through campus recruitment.In its order on July 20, 2005, the division bench of the Kerala high court dismissed the petition holding that such campus recruitment would not offend Article 16(1) of the Constitution. On May 8, 2008, the Supreme Court declined to interfere with the Kerala high court order.The PIL, filed by advocate M Palanimuthu, contended that PSUs, including Indian Oil Corporation, Isro and Hindustan Aeronautics Limited, could not disregard disregard job notifications and reservation policy rules governing them and that no recruitment could be done without affording equal opportunity to all eligible candidates. The petitioner said holding campus recruitments in private institutions was against public employment policy and sought the cancellation of all such recruitments that had already been made.As per rules, Palanimuthu said, recruitment in PSUs should be done only through employment exchanges or through public advertisements inviting applications from eligible candidates from across the country. By recruiting candidates directly from college campuses of late, PSUs were not only violating rules but also unwittingly contributing to the demand for private educational institutions which organize such placement drives, the petitioner said. Equal opportunity in matters of public employment should not be denied to candidates entitled to participate in the selection process. This process cannot be confined only to educational institutions organizing campus placements, he said.The petitioner had said his representation to the authorities concerned did not evoke any response, leaving him with no choice except approaching the high court for remedy. He wanted all state and Central PSUs to be banned from participating or organizing campus recruitments in colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16563420", "title": "So, you think Goa's hot?", "text": "PANAJI: On the celebration of World Tourism Day, realization dawns that for all the fabled beauty of its land and the famously hospitable nature of its people, Goa got only 4.45 lakh foreign tourists of the 1.94 crore tourists that visited India last year. And while India's foreign exchange earnings from tourism are USD16 billion, Goa's share in this is just USD 1.5 billion.In the domestic tourism scenario, Goa does not figure in the top 10 states of India. According to the website of the central ministry of tourism, in 2011, Uttar Pradesh got 155 million domestic tourists, followed by Andhra Pradesh with 153 million and Tamil Nadu with 137 million. Gujarat, in the 10{+t}{+h} spot, got 21 million domestic tourists. In India, the domestic tourist visits are 700 million and Goa gets only around 2.6 million domestic tourists in a year.For the record , Goa does not also figure in the union tourism ministry's website for foreign visitors in 2011. It lists Maharashtra as number one (4.8 million), Tamil Nadu (3.3 million) and Delhi (2.1 million) as the top three states. The last three are Kerala, Karnataka and Himachal Pradesh , in that order.Comparing Goa, India's smallest state, to the much bigger states may not be fair, but still serves to give a sense of where the state stands in terms of absolute numbers.Now the Goa government is hoping, through new initiatives, to increase the domestic tourist visits to Goa to 6 million a year. In earlier years, successive governments have resorted to lofty proclamations to boost tourism but these have remained lofty proclamations only thanks to filth on beaches and garbage in public places.Now there is a new government in place and Manohar Parrikar has hiked the outlay on tourism from Rs 95.43 crore last year to Rs 261.30 crore for this year. Goa is also getting sizeable central government assistance for tourism. Whether Parrikar and his men will walk the talk remains to be seen.Goa tourism minister Dilip Parulekar told TOI that illegalities on the beach, which is the most visible face of Goa to tourists, will not be tolerated any more. \"The past government did not care. Recently, we seized three truckloads of beach beds from Baga before the season had begun. A few MLAs rushed to me asking me to release the beach beds. I told them nothing doing,\" Parulekar said, adding that he will also put stringent conditions on the contractors entrusted with lifting garbage from the beaches.Tourism secretary Mathew Samuel reiterated the need for discipline and regulation. \"We need to re-orient our destination and the way we maintain our assets. We have no alternative, otherwise we will be swamped by the very things that we don't want.\"Pointing out that there is definitely a need for regulating Goa's tourism activity, he hopes \"maturity among the stakeholders will come and things will be set right\". \"There is a voice of people telling us that many of the things are not right. Garbage is a problem and Calangute in peak season suffers from this problem. Ultimately, people will start going away. There is no shortage of good beaches in other places. What is special about Goa is its people and general ambience. You destroy that, you destroy Goa,\" says Samuel.The Goan tourism industry seems reasonably happy and hopeful. Ralphe de Souza, spokesman for the Travel and Tourism Association of Goa (TTAG) said Goa is doing well as far as numbers are concerned. Even as arrivals from West Europe fell, arrivals from Eastern Europe and the CIS countries increased. \"These are cold countries whose citizens did not travel much earlier. Goa and its sunshine have become very popular with them. And they are now filling in the gap caused by the reduction of tourists from Western Europe ,\" said de Souza.The domestic tourism scenario is also good, according to him, and he says that Goa is popular among honeymooners and young executives. \"Young executives work hard in high pressure industries and find Goa an ideal destination to 'chill out' on long weekends.\"But in terms of lacuna, de Souza echoes the views held by many. He said that Goa still lacks infrastructure to attract high-spending tourists. \"Goa needs a conference-cum-exhibition centre with a capacity of not less than 5,000. The centre should be away from the cities. It should be a standalone project and will help Goa capture the MICE market,\" he said.But hope floats. He cited two reasons to be happy. There are two changes happening soon in Goa. One is a new, dedicated cruise liner berth, which is about to be commissioned at the Mormugoa port in December. It has a capacity to dock the world's largest cruise liners, but tourism service providers have to be ready to cash in on the opportunities. Cruise liners dock for not more then 48 hours at a place and within that span of time, tourists have to be showered with whatever tourism services the state has to offer.The second change is that the government of India has selected four metropolitan airports of Mumbai, Chennai, Kolkotta and Delhi to issue visa-on-arrival to tourists from 13 countries. Goa has asked that Dabolim be added to that list. The central government is considering the request. One reason for the delay in granting the request is that earlier immigration at Dabolim was handled by the Goa Police while the above facility needs the Bureau of Immigration to handle the activity. The Bureau of Immigration is about to start operations at Dabolim. The authorities are also waiting for the new terminal to begin around March next year. In all likelihood, Goa will then get the facility. India is also considering granting similar visa-on-arrival benefits to citizens of another 13 countries. \"With the prospect of tourists from 26 countries getting visas on arrival in Goa, things are looking very good,\" de Souza signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16563278", "title": "Two killed as bullets shoot through posse of guards", "text": "LUCKNOW: Two persons - including a criminal in police custody and a passer-by - were killed and two injured in two separate incidents of attack in police custody in broad daylight in Rae Bareli and Saharanpur on Wednesday.In Saharanpur, apart from the target, an innocent onlooker was also killed and a woman passerby wounded critically after they were hit by stray bullets during the shootout that took place outside the railway station. In Rae Bareli, the incident took place inside the transit lock-up at the district courts, leaving the lawyers incensed over the security arrangements on the court campus.Around 7:30 AM on Wednesday, Manoj alias Monu, a listed criminal with over two dozen cases lodged against him got off the train at the Chowk Sadar railway halt in Saharanpur along with three armed police guards on escort duty. Presently lodged at Bareilly Central Jail serving a life sentence in a murder case, Manoj was resident of Lal Bawala locality in Deoband police circle of Saharanpur. He had to appear before the court of additional chief judicial magistrate (ACJM) (V) Saharanpur in connection with hearing in a case of attempted murder pending against him with the Saharanpur district police, said additional superintendent of police (ASP) City Ajay Rai.Barely had they stepped out of the railway station when a white Maruti car stopped intercepted them and at least two of its occupants opened fire at Manoj from close range. As the three armed police guards scurried for cover, Manoj suffered two gunshot wounds and fell on the ground. An unidentified 45 year-old man passing by was also hit by a stray bullet and died on the spot. A woman, identified as Shahida, native of Keeratpur in Bijnore, who was crossing the road right behind Manoj, suffered a gunshot wound on her shoulder. She was rushed to the district hospital and is undergoing treatment. The doctors have described her condition stable and out of danger.In Rae Bareli, a listed criminal Rahul Singh shot at a fellow under-trial Chandra Prakash alias Kukki of Kanpur inside the transit police lock-up inside the district court compound a little before noon. The bullet hit Kukki on his right chest and he hit the floor. Rahul tried to reload the country-made pistol from which he had fired the first shot but police guards on lock-up security duty barged into the lock-up and apprehended him with the help of some other under-trials. A native of Kalyanpur locality of Kanpur City districts, Kukki was presently lodged at Kanpur district jail and was brought to Rae Bareli for hearing in a case of culpable homicide not amounting to murder lodged with the Lalganj police station in Rae Bareli in December 2009. Undergoing treatment at the Rae Bareli district hospital, Kukki was stated to be out of danger.Surprisingly, Rahul was not known to Kukki and this was the first time they met. Questioned about the motive, Rahul left the police startled when he said he wanted to establish himself as a hardcore criminal by committing a sensational crime. With the help of his cohorts outside the jail, he had arranged for a country-made pistol which was handed over to him by his aide when they came to meet him at the transit lock-up earlier in the day.The fact that a firearm and bullets were smuggled into the transit lock-up despite a heavy deployment of armed guards around it raises a question mark on the security arrangements in a place like the court compound. Incensed over police laxity, lawyers in Rae Bareli created a ruckus demanding a complete overhaul of the security deployment in court to check such incidents in future.The magistrates inside the district court also expressed concern over the police security claiming that in the prevailing state of affairs, it was easy for any criminal to make a murderous attempt on the judicial officers. They demanded strict action against those responsible for the laxity. \"We are probing into how Rahul got the pistol inside the lock-up. This is a serious lapse and the guilty will not be spared,\" said additional superintendent of police (ASP) Rae Bareli Rahul Raj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16563752", "title": "Goa Foundation files PIL in SC against illegal mining", "text": "NEW DELHI: A petition was on Wednesday filed in the Supreme Court on Wednesday t to restrain the resumption of iron and manganese ore mining in Goa amid a judicial commission estimating a loss of 35,000 crore to the exchequer due to illegal mining there since 2000.The public interest litigation (PIL) petition filed by the Goa Foundation also sought the setting up of a special probe agency to investigate the alleged loss to the state revenue, the illegalities committed in mining activities and the connivance of public servants in abetting the same.The NGO, filing the petition through advocate Prashant Bhushan, referred to the Shah commission report and alleged that iron ore worth 35,000 crore 'was plundered by mining companies, committing theft of government property'. It said that the commission's report tabled in Parliament on September 7 stated that 'illegal activities in mining were underway since the year 2000' and that all the 90 mines in the state were functioning without the mandatory permission from the national board of wild life (NBWL) and 33 of these were within 1.5 km of wildlife sanctuaries, well inside the eco-sensitive zone notified by the NBWL.\"The failure of the state to control the illegal mining has led to large-scale destruction of both the forest and non-forest land and as such has adversely affected the livelihood of local people, especially the rural poor,\" the petition said. agencies", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16562956", "title": "Old-timers rue show of wealth in Delhi Golf Club elections", "text": "NEW DELHI: Parties in five-star hotels and intense lobbying have been on for the past couple of weeks as election for two key posts in the prestigious Delhi Golf Club nears. Such practices have come as a rude shock to senior club members, who feel spending huge amounts only to woo support for a club election is unethical.There are three contenders for the president's post and another three for the captain's position. The election is scheduled for Friday. The three in the race for president are Rajesh Dhingra, Vir Singh Juneja and Rajan Rathore. The club has at least 3,000 members.While Dhingra is a retired customs officer, Rathore is a retired foreign service officer. Juneja, who started his career as a bureaucrat, resigned midway but has excelled in the golfing world.Some members TOI talked to said they were unhappy at the way parties were being thrown to garner support. They said that recently, a big party was thrown at one of the most expensive hotels in Gurgaon. \"Why should any candidate spend millions of rupees if he has the intention to serve people? This is a common practice in politics, but such actions should be discouraged,\" a members, who did not wish to be named, said.Another said that one or two small parties were common in Delhi club elections. However, the recent trend has not gone down well with those who joined these premier clubs for a better social life.\"In the prominent clubs of Mumbai, even canvassing is not allowed. If the candidates are found ringing up members and canvassing, their names are struck off the candidates' list. But here we don't have such self-imposed norms. Mumbai is still controlled by the old Parsi correctness but Delhi has got politicized. The honorable members now behave like members of Parliament,\" one member said.The club had recently hit the headlines as the urban development ministry renewed its lease till 2050, eight years before the contract came up for renewal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16570628", "title": "Sandeep Patil replaces K Srikkanth as chief BCCI selector, Mohinder Amarnath dropped", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former Indian cricketer Sandeep Patil was on Thursday appointed the Chairman of the national selection committee, while Mohinder Amarnath was sacked after serving just one year in the panel.The 56-year-old Patil's appointment to the hot seat, replacing Kris Srikkanth, came as a surprise as his name was not even being talked about as a possible candidate prior to the Board's Annual General Meeting which finalised the panel here today.Roger Binny (South), Vikram Rathore (North), Saba Karim (East) and Rajinder Singh Hans (Central) comprise the rest of the new panel which had no place for former cricketer Mohinder Amarnath who was dropped after just one year's term.Chnadrakant Pandit, a wicketkeeper-batsman who played for India between 1986 and 1992, was named chairman of the junior selection committee.The AGM also decided to raise the selectors' annual remuneration from Rs 40 lakh to Rs 60 lakh, while for the junior selectors, it was raised from Rs 20 lakh to Rs 40 lakh.The appointment of the panels put an end to the intense speculation in the media on who would succeed Srikkanth and the other selectors who completed their tenure of four years.While Binny's name was doing the rounds as the next chairman, it was Patil, currently the National Cricket Academy Director, who was given the responsibility.From East Zone, there were a number of contenders such as Debang Gandhi, Deep Dasgupta, Debashish Mohanty and Arup Bhattacharya but it was former India wicketkeeper-batsman Saba Karim who surprisingly got the nod.Former paceman Abey Kuruvilla was being talked about as a strong contender from West Zone but he could not make it with Patil being preferred for the post.Patil, a dashing batsman in his prime, played 29 Tests and 45 ODIs for India, scoring 1588 and 1005 runs in the respective formats.Post-retirement, Patil became the India A coach before being at the helm of the senior team. With him in charge, the Indian team had made the finals of the 2003 50-over World Cup.He later served as coach of the Kenyan national team as well.Patil, in fact, ended up rubbing BCCI the wrong way when he served as one of the coaches in the now-defunct Indian Cricket League. He cut ties with the rebel league in 2009.Binny played for India from 1979 to 1987. In his eight-year career, the all-rounder picked 47 wickets in 27 Tests and 77 wickets in 72 ODIS.He was India's highest wicket-taker during the 1983 World Cup. The 57-year-old played for two states -- Goa and Karnataka -- in the domestic circuit.BCCI's previous selection panel comprised of Srikkanth, Amarnath, Narendra Hirwani (Central Zone), Surendra Bhave (West Zone) and Raja Venkat (East Zone). Amarnath had replaced Yashpal Sharma last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16565751", "title": "Lovelorn boy, pals flee school in fear", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A misadventure by three upper primary school students gave the people of Arumanoor in the outskirts of the city on Wednesday a tough time for almost five hours. The three boys, all of them students of class VII at MVHS School, Arumanoor, went missing after classes, only to be found by the police at night. The students went missing by 4pm and were found from the premises of Poovar bus stand by around 9pm.According the police, the love one of the boys possessed for a girl in the class had led to the misadventure, said the Poovar circle inspector G Binu.A few days ago, another boy in their class had threatened him to inform his father about his affinity towards the girl. Dreading the anger of his father, the boy decided to run away from home in order to escape punishment. His two friends also decided to join him so that they can ward off dangers and protect their friend.They chose Wednesday to execute their escape plan as the students could wear colour dress to school on the day. After classes, they went straight to a temple at Muttayar near Arumanoor and spent some time there. They abandoned their school bags at the temple and then went to Poovar KSRTC bus station, which was about 2km away. They could not proceed any further as they neither had any solid plan nor the money to execute it. So they decided to stay at the bus station, from where they were found, the inspector said.Meanwhile, the parents of the children, who were alarmed at their absence, informed the Poovar police. The police immediately launched a search along with the local residents and combed every nook and corner of the locality.After about five hours of search, some locals found the boys loitering at the KSRTC bus station under suspicious circumstances and alerted the police. Police arrived and took them into custody. The parents were summoned and they identified the kids.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16564333", "title": "Medical sector likely to draw investors' attention", "text": "INDORE: With the state government planning to dole out subsidies for private players to invest in healthcare and medical tourism, the sector is expected to grab attraction of the investors during the forthcoming Global Investors Meet (GIM) scheduled in October. The Indore Development Authority (IDA) is also focusing on the super corridor area where medical hub is proposed. and where authorities are hoping will persuade potential investors to reap benefits\"State government's decision to pave way for private investment in health sector will definitely attract investors to set up their businesses and will lead to expansion in health services,' said KK Maheshwari, chief executive engineer, IDA.The state government, following the introduction of health service investment policy 2012, is expecting Rs 10,000 crore investment in the health sector. The government would provide land at a nominal cost to the private players to open medical colleges and hospitals. The government will also give subsidy and sops to attract investments. The government plans to get 100-bed hospital opened in places having a population of 10 lakh or more.During the last year's GIM, only a few super-speciality hospital groups had shown interest in the proposed medical hub. But, with the new health policy, big players like Wockhardt, Max, Apollo and Fortis are now eyeing to set up hospitals in the city. They have sought details about the prevalence of diseases in the region and even conducted a brief survey. Some have even given their proposal in writing, said a source.The government also aims to provide loan subsidy for establishment of micro, small and medium scale manufacturing industries. However, pharma players are skecptical that the policy will benefit small scale industries. Himanshu Shah, one of the members of pharmaceutical association, said; \"The policy will definitely encourage organized pharma industries to set up their units but there are little chances that it will help small scale industries until and unless the state government helps them with finance , marketing and promotion.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16566316", "title": "Police waiting for victim\u2019s son to come out of rehab", "text": "LUDHIANA: Among the many unsolved cases of murder in the city is the killing of Taranjeet Kaur, 66, who was murdered with a sharp-edged weapon at her Model Town residence on July 31. The police have not been able to gather any substantial clues in this case so far and have no idea about the accused who killed the old woman.Taranjeet was alone in the house on the day of crime while her husband Harminder Singh and younger son Harkirat Singh were at their auto spare parts unit. Harkirat had found his mother lying unconscious on the floor when he returned home at 8.30pm on July 31 and discovered that she had been killed with a sharp edged weapon.Station house officer, Model Town, Ashok Kumar said they are working on various theories in this case and will nab the accused soon. The SHO said they are waiting for Taranjeet's elder son Sukhdeep Singh to come out of the rehabilitation centre in Uttarakhand, where he is under treatment for drug addiction. \"We would question Sukhdeep once his time at the rehab gets over and he is out of there. We are sure his statement would throw some light on this mysterious murder of his mother,\" said Kumar.He said they found out during initial investigation that some scrap dealer was seen around Taranjeet's house on the day of crime. \"We questioned all the scrap dealers that come to this locality but did not find any clue to the murder,\" said Kumar.The police have also kept an eye on the movement of criminals in the area, but haven't found any activity corresponding with Taranjeet's murder so far.There were no signs of robbery at Taranjeet's house after her murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16562772", "title": "Boy falls into sump, dies", "text": "BANGALORE: Little Wajid came home from school on Tuesday, dumped his bag and ran out to buy some sweets with the Rs 5 his grandfather Afsar Pasha gave him. Pasha waited for half-an-hour but Wajid did not return. Worried, he called the boy's father, Irshad.They scoured the area for hours, hunted for him in his friends' homes, but the eight-year-old was nowhere to be found. For Wajid was lying at the bottom of a 6-ft deep open sump at a construction site in DJ Halli. His body was found at 9am Wednesday.Wajid was a student of St Mary's School in DJ Halli.\"He would never go far from the house. He would play here, in front of the house. After returning from school, he would take a nap before going for tuition. On Tuesday, he didn't want to sleep,\" said his heartbroken grandfather Afsar Pasha, 56, a welding contractor. \"He came home from school around 3.30pm. He dropped his bag and came to me. I gave him Rs 5 to buy sweets. He went out and didn't come back.\"The family started searching for Wajid around 4pm, but did not guess that he was lying in the sump. \"We searched all the places he was likely to go to. Finally, we went to the police station and filed a missing complaint,\" said Irshad.On Wednesday morning, workers who came to the construction site realized there was a body in the sump when they dropped a bucket into it. As word got around, Wajid's family members arrived at the scene.Police officers said Wajid had fallen into the sump and died due to the impact, and not drowned. \"The sump is 6 feet deep but there was hardly 2 feet of water in it. There were cuts on his face,\" said a DJ Halli police official. Ansar Parveen, the building owner, has been picked up for questioning.WELLS OF DEATHJuly 3, 2012: Shankara, 4, fell and drowned in a sump at a construction site in Pramod Layout, near NICE Road toll gate. His body was found by a labourer working in another building nearby.June 17: Nikith, 6, was found dead in a sump at a construction site near his house in Shivapura, Peenya. Workers had closed the sump before leaving for the day, but people of the area had removed the lid to draw water. Nikith is suspected to have slipped in.May 9: A game of hide-and-seek proved fatal for D Mithun Raj, 7, who drowned in the sump of his house in Sultanpalya. His mother Bhagyalakshmi found his body while searching for him.March 16: Puneet, 3, drowned in the sump of a construction site close to his school on the Bangalore-Magadi Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16563810", "title": "Temperamental rains trail off from state", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The monsoon has bid farewell to the state. Weather officials said that monsoon has withdrawn till Naliya and Idar on Tuesday, and will likely withdraw from the state completely in the next two or three days. The conventional date of monsoon withdrawal in the state is September 15.Weather officials said that bearing in mind the apprehensions of drought that widely prevailed in August, nature was kind and the monsoon was not a complete failure.The state did not receive much rain in July and August, and most parts, but Saurashtra and Kutch in particular, reeled from scanty rain. The wet spell in September though, helped cover up a great deal of the deficit.\"Deficiency in Gujarat state is 30 per cent. The regions demarcated as north, south, central and east Gujarat are 27 per cent short while Saurashtra and Kutch are 34 per cent deficient,\" said Manorama Mohanty, senior meteorologist of India Meteorological Department (IMD), Gujarat.Officials said the good thing is that no region of the state is marked as having scanty rainfall. \"The last spell of rain in September was a life-saver, and helped farmers and agriculturalists salvage part of their crop as well as grow fodder for cattle.The state has against the annual rainfall of 798 mm has only received 571.16 mm which was 71.57 per cent of the annual rainfall. Of the 225 talukas there were 36 talukas which has received 300 mm or less rain. Revenue officials said Saurashtra region has received the lowest rainfall of 56 per cent, while east and central part of the state have received 82 per cent rain which is the highest in the state.As far as Talukas are concerned, Bhuj has received the lowest rainfall of 116 mm while Pardi received the maximum rainfall of 2746 mm. In terms of percentage, Porbandar received the lowest rainfall of 26.64 per cent rains of the annual rainfall of 698 mm. Similarly Kadana received the maximum rainfall of 163.96 per cent against the annual rainfall of 778 mmOf the 26 district Porbandar received the lowest rainfall of 32 per cent. Porbandar received 224 mm of rains against the annual rainfall of 702 mm. Similar Dahod District received the highest rainfall of 98 per cent. Dahod received 727 mm of rains against the annual rainfall of 745 mm.Revenue officials said that in September, the state has received 249.61 mm of rains. This was only 33 mm in June, followed by 131.55mm in July and 156.07 mm in August.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "16569261", "title": "BRICS nations call for immediate ceasefire in Syria", "text": "NEW YORK: The BRICS nations of Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa have called for an immediate ceasefire in Syria and start of a process of political reconciliation as they expressed concern over the worsening security and humanitarian situation in the country. The BRICS ministers of foreign affairs discussed the situation in Syria when they met here yesterday on the sidelines of the UN General Assembly annual session. The officials \"expressed their deep concern with the escalation of violence and the deterioration of the security and humanitarian situation in Syria with reports of growing violations of human rights and of humanitarian international law,\" a statement issued to the press by the grouping said. The nations have called for an \"immediate simultaneous cease fire and the establishment of a political reconciliation process with the participation of all sectors, through dialogue with the support of the international community,\" it said. The meeting was attended by foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai. The BRICS reiterated their support to the work of the Joint UN Arab League Special envoy Lakhdar Brahimi. The nearly 18-month long fighting in Syria between President Bashar Al Assad's forces and rebels have resulted in hundreds of deaths and displacement of thousands of civilians. In his address to the General Assembly earlier this week, US President Barack Obama strongly reiterated his call for Assad to step down saying the future of Syria should not belong to a \"dictator who massacres his people\" but to Syrians who are free to chose their government and way of living.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16562796", "title": "Work resumes on first Mumbai Metro line", "text": "MUMBAI: Work on the first Metro line, the Versova-Andheri-Ghatkopar corridor, resumed on Tuesday after three weeks. Work was stopped after a slab collapsed at an under-construction station in Andheri on September 4, killing one labourer and injuring 16.\"Work has commenced based on the recommendations of the SGS, a firm of international repute in construction safety and standards, which is now supervising the work. The SGS has already deployed its team till the time construction gets over,\" said spokesperson of Mumbai Metro One Pvt Ltd. (MMOPL). The work was stopped to conduct safety audit and inquiries by different probe committees into the mishap.The SGS has submitted its preliminary inquiry report to Metro authorities. Report of a parallel inquiry by MMRDA's independent experts, including an IIT professor and a PWD officer, is awaited.-Chittaranjan Tembhekar Weak temporary foundation to the under-construction slab and raining are suspected to have caused the mishap when the concrete was being mounted atop.The work on the metro, which began in 2008 was expected to be over by March 2012 but the deadline was extended till March 2013 a few months ago. According to sources in the state government even the new deadline may have to be extended as actual commissioning may take time. There have been eight smaller and minor mishaps on the metro sites since the beginning of the work.In the meantime MMOPL spokesperson said --- \"There will be no impact on the time line. ON the contrary due to more stringent safety norms work will be more productive. The joint committee of MMRDA-MMOPL on safety has also appreciated the steps taken towards ensuring safety standards.\"The Reliance Infrastructure (RInfra)-led Mumbai Metro One Private Ltd (MMOPL) is building the project at a cost of Rs 2356 crore. Veolia Corporation and Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA) are the minority share holders in the MMOPL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16563340", "title": "Lightning bolt kills boy working at shop on Marina", "text": "CHENNAI: A 15-year-old boy died after being struck by lightning at Marina Beach on Wednesday, while a 35-year-old construction worker died when the earth caved in due to heavy rain near Vyasarpadi.Police said Vignesh, who worked in a shop on the Marina, was walking towards the service lane along the beach when he was struck by a lightning bolt.\"Though it was just starting to rain, there was loud thunder. The wind was so strong that my ice cream kiosk fell down. As I set it upright, I saw a bright flash,\" said Radhakrishnan, who was standing less than five feet from Vignesh when the lightning bolt hit the boy.\"I saw two boys lying on the sand,\" he said. \"Vignesh's body looked as if it was covered with rashes and there was an injury on his shoulder. There were no burn marks.\" The other boy escaped unhurt. \"I saw a cellphone next to him,\" Radhakrishnan added.Officials from the 108 ambulance service said they received a call at 4.21pm, just when the rain was beginning to get heavy.\"There is usually an entry and exit wound when lightning strikes a person,\" said an emergency expert from 108 ambulance services. \"A lightning strike can pulverise major internal organs.\"As news of the lightning bolt death spread, police officers warned people over public address systems, and asked them not to talk on the phone. \"We went around in our vehicles and warned people but not many listened,\" a police officer said.Eyewitnesses said Vignesh was alive for a few minutes after being hit by the lightning bolt. \"Four of us carried Vignesh towards the service lane. I felt him breathing. He was alive till we reached the service lane,\" Radhakrishnan said.Emergency expert from 108 tried to revive the boy but did not succeed. Anna Square police officers said boy was from Kumbakonam. His parents could not be traced. \"He was hired by a vendor, Meeran Bhai. Vignesh had run away from home and took the job just two days ago,\" a police officer said. The body has been sent for post mortem.According to National Crime Records Bureau statistics, 78 people died of lightning strikes in Tamil Nadu last year. None of the victims were from Chennai.A 35-year-old construction worker died when the earth caved in after heavy rain near Vyasarpadi on Wednesday evening. Police said Babu, from Salem, was engaged in laying Metrowater pipelines under Vyasarpadi bridge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16562561", "title": "Drug baron gives Delhi cops the slip", "text": "NEW DELHI: Punjab-based drug baron Ranjit Singh alias Raja Kandola escaped from police custody on Sunday night while he was being brought back to the capital after being produced at a Jalandhar court. Police personnel who accompanied Kandola on Punjab Mail have been suspended.The drug lord owns several luxury cars, including BMWs, which he used to supply drugs to high-profile clients. He is known as BMW Singh in police circles, not only for his swanky cars, but also his high-level connections across north India.Kandola and his driver, Sukhjinder Singh, had been arrested last month and cops had recovered synthetic drugs worth crores from them. The syndicate, allegedly run by NRIs and models, supplies drugs in the party circuit and has a Rs 200 crore business.\"We have suspended head constable Satish and three other constables in his team. A high-level inquiry has been ordered,\" said Aditya Arya, special CP (battalion). Punjab police had just arrested Kandola's associate Jarginder a couple of days ago. He is being questioned on Kandola's whereabouts.\"Just when we were trying to unearth the inter-continental drug racket Kandola is part of, he managed to flee,\" said a special cell officer. Sources claimed that Kandola offered spiked drinks to the policemen travelling with him and slipped away with handcuffs on. Though senior officers dismissed the claims, they refused to throw light on the exact sequence of events that led to Kandola's escape. However, neither the Punjab police nor the GRP was informed about the incident. A case was only registered on Monday when the police team reached Delhi.So far, cops have recovered 411 gm of high-quality heroin, 2.75 gm of a psychotropic substance that goes by the name of Speed \u2014 processed from methametaphine \u2014 and 250 gm of ephedrine from the gang. \"A small drug manufacturing unit operating from Gurgaon was busted after questioning Kandola. Three semi-automatic sophisticated fire arms, 15 live cartridges and a BMW were also recovered,\" said additional CP (special cell) Ashok Chand. Kandola's associate Jarginder was also nabbed a couple of days ago. Methametaphine and ephedrine are mixed to produce ICE \u2014 a party drug.Kandola, who had moved abroad at a young age, returned to India in 2002. He met Kulwinder Singh Maan, a passport agent from Punjab, and became part of a trafficking racket. He was arrested the same year in Zimbabwe for human trafficking. In jail, he came in contact with a Serbian national called Juan Milan. Milan expressed interest in drug trafficking in India and grew acquainted with Kandola, said cops.After his release from jail, Kandola came back to India in 2004. In Febuary 2012, Milan got in touch with Kandola.As per the plan, Milan came to India and the duo set up an ICE producing unit at Jalandhar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "16566040", "title": "Employees threaten stir over pay denial", "text": "IMPHAL: The employees of five engineering departments of the state have threatened to launch various forms of agitation if their 18-month pending salaries are not cleared by Thursday.The agitators working in the public works department (PWD), power department, public health engineering department (PHED), minor irrigation (MI) and irrigation and flood control department (IFCD) said the pay denial is an insult to the right to life of the employees.The chairman of the joint coordinating committee of the five departments, T Tikendrajit said a memorandum was submitted to chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh ten days back demanding payment of pending salaries and emoluments of the employees, but to no avail.If the legitimate demand of the employees is not complied with by Thursday, the committee will have no other option but to launch various forms of agitation from the next day, Tikendrajit threatened.Meanwhile, life in the five hill districts remained paralyzed for the second day owing to the 48-hour bandh called by five students' bodies. The bandh was called to protest the state government's alleged failure to distribute forms for the Teachers' Eligibility Test (TET) and to set up exam centres in all the hill district headquarters.Owing to the bandh that began on Sunday, business establishments at the district headquarters of Senapati, Chandel, Tamenglong, Ukhrul and Churachandpur were closed. Inter-state and inter-district passenger buses and vehicles remained off the road during the bandh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "16570564", "title": "Roll numbers of supplementary examinations sent to candidates", "text": "PATIALA: Punjabi University, Patiala have despatched the Roll Numbers of the supplementary examinations to the concerned candidates.Giving this information Dr. Pawan Kumar Singla, Controller (Exams.) of the University said that the examinations of B.A. will commence from 01 October, 2012. In this connection the examination branch of the university will remain open on 28th and 29th September, 2012.Similarly the examinations of M.A. will be held from 10 October, 2012 and the examination branch will remain open on 8th and 9th October, 2012, he added. Dr. Singla further said that the candidates who have not received their roll numbers may contact the examination branch of the University along with two photographs, requisite fees and required documents to get their duplicate roll numbers.But some students alleged many times they have to face harassment as concern officers don't remain present despite claims of authorities.\"We request VC of university to take strict action against all those officers, who fails to remain present during fixed time\"demanded a student on anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16564364", "title": "Condition of injured stable", "text": "PUNE: The condition of the 11 people injured in Monday's building collapse at Taljai is slowly improving, said the doctors at the three hospitals where they are being treated.\"They are much better today. All the patients have come out of the state of shock and are being monitored constantly,\" said paediatrician Sanjay Lalwani, medical director of Bharati Hospital.Meanwhile, the construction workers' organisation has demanded that the deceased labourers' families and the labourers injured in Monday's cave-in incident are given immediate financial assistance as per the provisions of the Building and Other Construction Workers Act 1996. The organisation has also demanded stringent action be taken against the builder, contractor and others responsible for the collapse.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "16565116", "title": "Rahul's 10-year plan to revive Cong's support base in state", "text": "BOKARO: Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi on Wednesday addressed more than a thousand young party workers in Bokaro and urged them to identify local issues to connect with people at the grassroot. At an interaction session on the Library Grounds, Rahul asked the audience to delve into three questions - What does Jharkhand lack, what are the problems in the state and how to improve condition of the party - to build a base in Jharkhand.Rahul, along with Indian Youth Congress president Rajeev Satav and senior leaders of the state Congress, said the party will monitor performance of each member of its youth wing and only those who perform will be promoted and allotted ranks. \"If your hard work yields result and Congress comes to power with full majority in Jharkhand in next 10-15 years, the chief minister will be chosen from one among those sitting here,\" he promised.The party members said unemployment and absence of a stable government are the biggest problems in the state. He was also told that to improve the condition of the party each member should be given importance and support. \"Jharkhand is not a poor region, but the state government isworking without a vision and looting its resources,\" he said.In a meeting with leaders of Jharkhand Pradesh Congress Committee later, he accepted that the party has become weak in Jharkhand and there as a urgent need to strengthen it. It was a closed door meeting at IMA Hall, and all the senior leaders of the party were also present at the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16566210", "title": "Fund starved, Punjab govt set to notify Rent Control Act", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Faced with fiscal crisis, the SAD-BJP government is all set to give a go ahead to the notification of an amended version of Rent Control Act, which would give more teeth to landlords to evict tenants, and make the government eligible to apply for central funds.The matter is scheduled to be deliberated upon and ratified by the cabinet in its meeting to be held on October 2. Implementation of the Rent Control Act is among the conditions that the state government needs to fulfill to avail benefits granted by the centre under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM). The imposition of property tax, decided in the previous cabinet meeting, was one of the conditions for the scheme that the fund starved government is keen to apply for at the earliest.The Rent Control Act has been revived by the government from the cold storage where it had been dumped with respective governments apprehensive of protests by tenants against the significant empowerment of landlords through this Act.Once notified, the period for the enforcement of the Rent Control Act will be three years during which certain minimum revised rent to the landlords will be fixed. The tenant will be given three years to vacate the property or have a mutually acceptable agreement with the landlord. In case of any dispute, the landlord will have the freedom to move the Rent Authority. The Act provides for the constitution of a Rent Authority at the sub-divisional level, generally the sub-divisional magistrates, which will entertain cases arising out of the provisions of the Act.A senior leader of the Shiromani Akali Dal , said, \"The government needs fund for development and the BJP was opposing revival of the Act fearing it would hurt their urban vote bank. But after a series of meetings with BJP leaders, it has been decided that the Act would have certain amendments before it is notified.\"Respective governments had kept the Act in cold storage despite the fact that it was passed by Punjab assembly in April 1995 and Presidential assent was also secured in 1998. However, faced with the urgent need to generate resources worth Rs 3,000 crore to meet the fiscal deficit , SAD-BJP government, in its second term, has toughened its stand, said the Akali leader.A cabinet sub-committee, set up for examining the impact of the Act, and headed by deputy chief minister Sukhbir Badal has recommended its notification for the favourable impact it will have on real estate in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "16562553", "title": "Navi Mumbai's oldest mandal highlights corruption menace", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: Shivchhaya Mitra Mandal in Turbhe, the oldest in the satellite city, is celebrating its 42nd Ganeshotsav by focusing on the theme of rising corruption. The thousands who have been queuing up to catch a glimpse of the 12-ft-tall idol also get a glimpse of several panels that pictorially highlight various controversies, including the Adarsh scam, the Commonwealth Games, the 2G telecom scam and Coalgate.\"We try to highlight socially significant themes for the benefit of devotees. This time, we are showcasing how India is disintegrating due to various high-profile corruption scandals. In the latest Coalgate scam, it is difficult to even count the number of 'zeroes' in the corruption figure,\" said Ankush Vaiti, secretary of the mandal.Popularly known as Turbhecha Raja or Navi Mumbaicha Raja, the idol is sculpted by Santosh Kambli, who also designs the iconic Lalbaugcha Raja in Mumbai.In the past few years, some of the themes at this pandal have been subjects like women's empowerment and the rights and duties of citizens. This year's theme of corruption has been brought to life by art director Nilesh Choudhary.\"When devotees finish their darshan are about to step out of the pandal, mandal volunteers tell them not to engage in any form or corruption and help bring back the golden, glorious past of our nation,\" added Vaiti.Pandal dates back to 1971Shivchhaya Mitra Mandal was established way back in 1971, just when the city of Navi Mumbai was created by its planners, Cidco.Earlier, the idol used to be kept at Turbhe Naka, near a stone quarry. However, later the pandal was shifted to its current location near Tubhe bus depot as a flyover was built at Turbhe Naka.Dattushet Patil, president of the mandal, said a funfair organized at the venue is a big attraction and nearly 12 lakh people attend it every year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16563921", "title": "Pak links action on 26/11 trial to visit of judicial panel to India", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pakistan has linked India's demand for speeding up the 26/11 trial with New Delhi's decision on allowing a Pakistani judicial commission to visit Mumbai for a second time to cross-examine four witnesses.Islamabad's condition was articulated by Pakistani interior minister Rehman Malik when he met his Indian counterpart Sushil Kumar Shinde on the sidelines of the Saarc interior/home ministers' meeting in Maldives on Tuesday.Malik put forward the condition while referring to a Pakistani trial court order which rejected the findings of the judicial commission that visited Mumbai in March. The court had in July said that the report of the panel had no \"evidential value\" as it was not allowed to cross-examine the four witnesses and asked the panel to visit India again.The four witnesses who are supposed to be quizzed by the panel include the magistrate who recorded the confessional statement of arrested Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) terrorist Azmal Kasab, the investigating officer of the 26/11 case and two doctors who conducted the postmortem of the nine slain terrorists.Referring to Malik's remarks that his country was committed \"to ensure that the trials in Pakistan, with regard to the 2008 terrorist attacks in Mumbai, would be taken to their logical conclusion\", an official statement said, \"In this regard, he (Malik) mentioned the need for India to receive a visit by the judicial commission of Pakistan.\"The statement, issued after the Shinde-Malik meeting on Tuesday, added, \"The Indian home minister assured his counterpart of an early response to this request.\"Pakistan put forth its condition when Shinde raised the issue of speeding up the trial against the seven jailed Pakistani accused including LeT commanders Zakir-ur-Rehman Lakhvi, Zarar Shah, Abu Al Qama and others.Shinde, during his first meeting with Malik, also referred to other matters/demands including handing over voice samples of the handlers of the Mumbai attackers, stopping cross-border terrorism and acting on dossiers handed over to Islamabad by New Delhi on LeT chief Hafiz Saeed, Indian Mujahideen fugitives and Khalistani terrorists.On the positive side, both countries agreed that the newly-signed liberalized bilateral visa agreement \"would be operationalized at a mutually agreed date, after the notification of the visa rules and regulations by the respective governments\". Both ministers also invited each other to visit their respective countries and accepted the invites.Islamabad's insistence on sending the judicial panel to cross-examine the witnesses may add fuel to the fire at the time when a section within the government - which has been discussing pros and cons of allowing the second visit of the commission - is not convinced of the Pakistani court's contention on evidence.Officials here said the accused were in Pakistan, conspiracy was hatched in Pakistan, the terrorists were from Pakistan, the training took place in Pakistan, all logistics for the attack were gathered in that country, the boat was a Pakistani one and yet they could not gather any evidence there.\"The last-mile link-up is in India. What about the first part of the whole conspiracy which was done in Pakistan,\" an official said.He also said that if the panel was allowed to cross-examine the four, there was no guarantee that the court would not ask for cross-examination of all 500 witnesses, around 50 doctors who had conducted the postmortem of all 166 victims of the massacre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16566457", "title": "Export workshop today", "text": "KANPUR: The Federation of Indian Export Organisations (FIEO) in association with Anandrathi Stocks and Brokers is organising an awareness workshop on 'Advantage of Currency Exchange Platform for MSMEs Exporters' in the conference room of Merchants Chamber Of Uttar Pradesh, Civil Lines on Thursday.Those present at the function will include KP Mishra, joint export commissioner, government of UP. He is expected to discuss the industrial and export policy of UP on the occasion. Sajal Gupta, senior vice president, Anandrathi, from Mumbai would make a detailed presentation on currency hedging and several other banking topics. YS Garg, chief executive officer, Federation of Indian Export Organisations informed that exporters and prospective exporters from Kanpur will participate in the program.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "madikeri", "code": "16565684", "title": "Government creates new buffer zones", "text": "MADIKERI: The Karnataka government has declared 562.41 sq km area in Kodagu and Mysore districts as buffer zones. This was officially announced by the forest, ecology and environment department undersecretary Umadevi through a notification dated August 14, 2012. Kodagu wildlife deputy conservator of forests K T Hanumanthappa said that there will be no restriction on villagers who live near buffer zones. This notification is mainly to protect tigers in the tiger zone. If it is an eco-sensitive zone, some restrictions will be imposed. The buffer zone allows wild animals to move in the limits of the buffer zone, he explained. Planters fear that the creation of buffer zones will affect coffee and pepper cultivation. Nagarahole range forest officer Mandanna said that the safari has already been stopped following the Supreme Court order. Hunsur wildlife A C F K D Belliappa has directed residents living around buffer zone areas not to graze their cattle in the restricted area and not to collect firewood as the wildlife act applies in these areas. The declared buffer zone areas include 24.74 sqkm in Periayapatna taluk,109.09 sqkm of Hunsur thaluk, 228.01 sqkm of H D kote taluk in Mysore district covering a total area of 361.84 sqkm in Mysore district. The buffer zone coverage in Kodagu district is 200.57 sqkm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16566405", "title": "JSSY mocked again as child delivered on UHM stairs", "text": "KANPUR: Despite tall claims by the district health department with regard to the care of mothers and newborns in the state, the city is regularly witnessing incidents that are quite in contrast with the objectives and ambitions of schemes such as Janani Shishu Suraksha Yojana.A case in point is Tuesday's incident wherein a pregnant woman delivered her child on the stairs of Ursala Horseman Memorial (UHM) hospital. According to reports, the pregnant woman, Sunita, was first taken to AHM Dufferin hospital after she experienced intense labour pain on Tuesday morning. The doctors at the hospital asked her to get an ultrasound done. When Sunita's husband Anil Sahu expressed his inability to afford a private ultrasound facility, the doctors sent the couple to UHM hospital.\"My wife delivered the baby on the stairs of UHM hospital. I kept calling out for a stretcher, and urged the doctors to help me, but no one came forward,\" said Sahu.While her child died within minutes of delivery, Sunita was admitted in a critical state at Dufferin hospital. When the matter was brought into the knowledge of chief medical superintendent, UHM, Dr UC Sinha, the official shifted the ward. The doctor also claimed that the child was dead before delivery, and the death had nothing to with the movements Sunita made during labour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16564775", "title": "Gang of car thieves held in Bhopal", "text": "BHOPAL: Police on Wednesday busted a three-member gang of vehicle lifters and recovered 23 motorbikes from their possession. The accused hailed from Harda district and used to reach here by train to identify targets and lift vehicles.The accused were identified as Rajesh Tiwari and his two accomplices- Ashok Vishnoi and Vikas Agrawal all residents of Harda district.The accused committed theft of two-wheelers here and returned back and sold off the vehicles to unsuspecting farmers who never inquired about its registration details.Police said the accused Rajesh Tiwari was caught while he was suspiciously talking on a mobile phone regarding a bike. Subsequently, police interrogated him and found discrepancies in his statement and on sustained interrogation admitted the crime. Further interrogations led the police to the other two gang members.A police team later went to Harda and arrested Ashok Vishnoi and Vikas Agrawal- and recovered 23 bikes that they had sold to the local villagers. Of the total 23 bikes recovered, 20 are Hero Honda bikes while three bikes are TVS. The accused used to sell the bikes at a very low price to the villagers, the police said.The police have brought all the recovered bikes in loading vehicles back to Bhopal from Harda.The trio are being interrogated to ascertain if they were also involved in making fake registration documents. They are also being interrogated to recover more bikes, the police added.Additional superintendent of police Rajesh Singh Chandel said that the used to come to Bhopal in train and ride back on stolen vehicles to their native village.The city superintendent of police Rameshwar Yadav said policemen were deployed in muftis at the parking lots around New Market to check the rising number of vehicle lifting incidents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "aizawl", "code": "16565906", "title": "Assam organisations begin indefinite blockade on national highway-54", "text": "AIZAWL: Assam-based NGOs began an indefinite blockade on the NH-54, Aizawl-Silchar road, the lifeline of Mizoram which connects it with the rest of the country, from 6am on Wednesday. The NGOs are protesting against the alleged \"harassment of non-tribal workers\" in Mizoram by Mizo NGOs.Police said not a single vehicle could enter Mizoram from Assam and neither could any Assam-bound vehicle leave the state on Wednesday.Cachar-based NGOs, under an umbrella organisation called the All Barak Youth Students' Association (Abysa), which organised the blockade, urged the Mizoram government to \"revive\" the work permit system for non-tribal petty traders and labourers like coolies.Abysa also demanded a solution to the perennial Assam-Mizoram boundary disputes and implored the Assam government to destroy 'boundary pillars' erected by Mizo NGOs.Reacting strongly to the attempted \"economic strangulation\" of Mizoram, the central committee of the Young Mizo Association (YMA) said there was never any discontinuation of work permits issued to non-tribals.The general secretary of the central YMA, Vanlalruata, said there have never been separate work permits for non-tribals and the state government continues to issue inner line permits (ILPs) to them to non-tribals so they can taking up manual work without any restriction in Mizoram. He said the ILPs are issued as per requirement and are sponsored by contractors working in the state.The central committee of the YMA warned the Cachar NGOs that the blockade of NH-54 amounts to an economic blockade for Mizoram and if it continues, it would have serious adverse effects on relations between the states.\"We will wait and watch the moves made by the NGOs in Cachar and appeal to the Mizo people to be ready to face any situation arising out of this attempt to economically strangulate the people of the state,\" the YMA said.The Mizoram State Boundary Committee, headed by former minister C Chawngkunga, slammed the Assam government for erecting pillars in disputed areas along the Assam-Mizoram boundary. The MSBC said armed confrontation between the two states over boundary disputes had been narrowly averted due to the intervention of the Union ministry of home affairs in 1994.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16564505", "title": "40-yr-old woman dies of dengue at SMS hosp", "text": "JAIPUR: A dengue death has been reported at Sawai Man Singh hospital on Wednesday. Another person also tested positive for dengue at the hospital and is currently undergoing treatment.The deceased, a 40-year-old woman, was admitted to the hospital two days ago. She was brought in a serious condition from Mahendragarh district in Haryana, said Dr Rajesh Sharma, acting superintendent, SMS hospital.Last week, two dengue cases were reported in the city, said an official of the medical, health and family department.The other dengue patient undergoing treatment hails from Sanganer.Department officials claimed that they are carrying out anti-larval activities in the dengue-prone areas including several sites in the Sanganer area. The officials claimed that they have been putting efforts for the past one month after city witnessed heavy rainfall to prevent spread of vector borne diseases in the district.Besides dengue, 16 cases of malaria have been reported at the SMS hospital in the past two days. Another 15 tested positive for scrub typhus during the same period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16563722", "title": "High court removes petitioner from PIL", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Wednesday removed name of petitioner Babulal Thakkar from the PILs he filed after it was brought to court's notice that he had sought registration of FIR against prime minister Manmohan Singh, UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi and NACO director Satyen Chatterji for alleged corrupt practices.Thakkar has written letter to the DGP and demanded registration of FIR against PM, Sonia and NACO chief under anti-corruption laws. The court has decided to continue with the PILs sans Thakker, who used to appear as party-in-person. The court has held that the issue raised by the petitioner was of very serious nature and concerns public interest.Thakker has filed a couple of PILs demanding adoption of PCR test instead of ELISA for reduction of window period in HIV check up during blood transfusion. He also sought several other pleas so that more care can be taken to prevent spread of HIV-AIDS. However, when the court came to know about Thakkar's gesture and he even justified his action, the bench of Chief Justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and Justice J B Pardiwala removed him as litigant from proceedings over his PILs. The court decided to go ahead with further proceedings as suo motu and asked senior counsel Shalin Mehta to assist the court as amicus curiae. The court removed Thakkar's name with observation that his credentials appear to be doubtful.The bench also cited a Supreme Court order in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "barrackpore", "code": "16565531", "title": "Stepmother arrested after 14-year-old hangs self", "text": "BARRACKPORE: A 14-year-old girl committed suicide at her Kanchrapara home after she was allegedly tortured by her stepmother on Wednesday. Police have arrested the accused based on a complaint by the teen's father Gopal Singh. The body was sent for autopsy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "alapuzzha", "code": "16565358", "title": "Private bus strike catches commuters unawares", "text": "ALAPUZZHA: The unexpected strike by private bus employees gave a hard time to passengers including students and employees of various firms commuting in and around Alappuzha town on Wednesday. As many as 280 employees of 70 private buses in the town went on a lightning strike.Alappuzha district motor workers union general secretary M M Sherif said they decided to strike work to support the state-wide strike of the CITU, which staged blockades in front of all the collectorates in the state on Wednesday. \"The pathetic condition of National Highway 47 and the price hike of fuels were also some of the reasons that fuelled our strike. We have issued notices to the bus owners three days ago in this regard. But they told us to avoid the strike,\" he said.\"All the bus owners on demanded their employees, who are the members of different trade unions, to keep away from the strike on Wednesday,\" said Kerala Bus Transport Association (KBTA) district president P J Kurien. \"However, all the bus employees abstained from the duty. So we are helpless,\" he said. \"The condition of the NH from Alappuzha town to Ambalappuzha is very bad. Nearly 70 buses are running daily through this route. The pitiable state of the national highway causes finanial loss to the bus owners and also creates problems to the bus employees. The PWD authorities should repair the roads else we will soon stop the town services,\" he added.Meanwhile those who depend on private buses were hard hit by the strike. \"I depend on private bus to go to work. However, I came to know about the strike only after reaching the bus stop. So I could not reach office on time,\" said Salimkumar V, a nurse with a private hospital in the town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "goa", "code": "16563304", "title": "Goa Shipyard Ltd presents cheque to defence min", "text": "GOA: Goa Shipyard Ltd's (GSL) chairman and managing director RAdm (Retd) Vineet Bakhshi on Tuesday presented a dividend cheque of Rs 8.77 crore to defence minister A K Antony in New Delhi. Shekhar Agarwal, secretary defence production, and other senior officials of the ministry of defence were present on the occasion. GSL has declared and paid a dividend of 59% of the paid-up share capital for the financial year 2011-12. Antony congratulated GSL for its good performance and wished the company good luck in future.During the 2011-12 financial year, GSL achieved a value of production of 676 crore and earned a net profit of 83 crore.One injured in mishap at Bhatpal: Gangaram Bhaudhan, a resident of Gaondongirim, Canacona, was seriously hurt at Bhatpal when a truck hit the EMRI 108 ambulance in which he was accompanying his father, who was being transported to hospital. Gangaram suffered a fracture to his left hand. Canacona police said he was immediately rushed to the Community Health Centre, Canacona, and then refered to the Hospicio Hospital in Margao.POWER SHUTDOWNQuepem (Sept 29): Between 9am and 4pm. Quepem municipal area, Ambaulim and Akamol will be affected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16565629", "title": "No need to call attorney general, Manish Tewari tells PC Chacko again", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress spokesperson Manish Tewari has written to joint parliamentary committee (JPC) chairman PC Chacko for a second time reiterating his view that attorney general Goolam Vahanvati need not be called as a witness in the context of the 2G scam .Tewari also \"clarified\" that he did not suggest former AG Soli Sorabjee being summoned in the context of telecom policy followed by the NDA government in 1999 but about the constitutional validity of a caretaker government framing policy.With Chacko having overruled him on Vahanvati, the Congress MP has again asked the panel chair to reconsider summoning the AG before the JPC.\"I have repeatedly pointed out that before finalizing the list of witnesses, let there be a full fledged debate as to why a particular witness should be summoned and as to why he/she should not be summoned,\" Tewari said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16568847", "title": "R-Pats 'back in love nest' with cheating ex Stewart", "text": "Robert Pattinson has reportedly forgiven Kristen Stewart for cheating on him with married director Rupert Sanders, and is said to have moved in with the actress again.\"They are living together and have reconciled,\" the Mirror quoted a source as saying.However, according to the source, despite making up, things aren't the same in their relationship.\"He is extra-sensitive right now,\" the insider said.\"He's insecure,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16565981", "title": "Clueless civic workers put deadline in peril", "text": "BANGALORE: There are four more days to go for BBMP to start picking up only segregated waste from households. But Monisha Ghoshbag, a 48-year-old homemaker from Sanjay Nagar, has already started giving her pourakarmika segregated waste since last week.\"But the pourakarmika who comes to my street does not understand the concept of segregated waste. I have started giving her only wet waste daily. Once the dry waste accumulates I give it separately. On days when I give her both, she does not understand and ends up mixing them in her 'dabba'. My week's efforts go waste with her one minute's act of waste mixing. She says no one instructs her like I do in that area and yet at the end of it all, she ignores what I say,\" Ghoshbag told TOI.Ghoshbag is among the several hundreds of Bangaloreans who have understood the need to segregate waste at source to avoid the piling up of garbage in landfills. But she does not see the message being sent to pourakarmikas who work on the ground. Though BBMP claims that it is training pourakarmikas, the reality betrays lack of preparedness.The situation gets bleaker as one moves away from the centre of the city towards the periphery. Leave alone waste segregation, there is no garbage collection mechanism in the areas recently added to BBMP. The civic body, however, appears to have no action plan in these villages.\"In Singasandra ward, near Electronic City, garbage is rarely collected. Now how can we convince people public on waste segregation when we have not provided even basic facilities ?\" wonders Kavitha Baburaj, Singasandra corporator.However, civic activists are using the deadline to drive home the message to citizens that they have a role to play. Members of Solid Waste Management Round Table and Citizens' Action Forum are conducting campaigns like walkathons in localities to spread awareness about waste segregation.BBMP commissioner Rajneesh Goel, however, asserted that they will stick to the October 1 deadline.\"We have started a training programme for pourakarmikas. Decentralised wet waste composting units, each with a capacity to process 100 tonnes, will be set up on the city outskirts. Talks are on with several agencies in this regard,\" he said.DEADLINE WILL FAIL: EXPERTUrban expert Ashwin Mahesh said BBMP can't meet the deadline. \"A problem that has been allowed to grow over the decades cannot be wished away in days. However, if there is a show of genuine good faith from the government, that a good and sustainable solution is on the way, and some portions of it are already evident, then there is a chance that many stakeholders can be convinced,\" he felt. He explained: \"How can we show this good faith? Start with the biggest waste generators and force them to meet an urgent deadline, say, October 31. Then pass a law that solid waste cannot be moved outside municipal boundaries after December 31, except with the permission of, and payment to, the receiving local body. If Mavallipura, Mandur and other communities are given this legal right, then we can request them to be patient while we work out a solution. Merely trying to 'manage' them through administrative jugglery will fail.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16562902", "title": "Elder robbed of 30,000, jewellery", "text": "NEW DELHI: Within 24 hours of armed robbers striking at the residence of an elderly woman in Bindapur in southwest Delhi, four robbers struck at the residence of another senior citizen in the upper middle class locality in Ashok Vihar Phase-I on Wednesday morning.Rama Devi (67), a boutique owner, and Ramba, her servant, were held hostage at knife point and threatened with pistols before the accused ransacked the house and fled with Rs 30,000 and jewellery.Two men had knocked at her residence around 11.15am, posing as courier agents, cops said. The accused were apparently angry that the victim never kept much money or valuables at home.According to police, Rama lived with her widowed daughter Nina and grandchildren Palak and Sahil after her husband Om Prakash passed away several years ago. She was alone at home with one of her three part-time maids during the robbery.\"Even as they asked her to sign the document, the accused pushed in and held both the women hostage. They forced Rama to hand over the keys of the almirahs. One of the accused even got hurt when he tried to break open an almirah,\" said an officer.Police said the two men had gone up to the first floor where they ransacked the rooms but found nothing valuable even as a man waited at the gates to check if anyone was coming in. They left after 15 minutes. Cops are questioning the maidservants. A few employees of the boutique are also being investigated.A businessman's wife was robbed of Rs 25 lakh in Bindapur on Tuesday night. The city has witnessed several crimes against senior citizens in the past two months.Rama Devi (67), a boutique owner, was alone at home with one of her three part-time maids during the robbery", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16562190", "title": "Rs 12.73 lakh power thefts detected in Spanco area", "text": "NAGPUR: The vigilance squad of Spanco has detected two major power thefts in the city totaling Rs 12.73 lakh. The two consumers have been booked for power theft under Sections 135 and 138 of Electricity Act, 2003.In the first case, the squad found that Mahesh Bajirao, a resident of Kawrapeth, Shanti Nagar, who runs a finger chips production unit, had slowed down the electricity meter of his unit by tampering it. On examining the meter, the squad found a remotely operated electronic circuit kit was fitted on meter's PCB. Whenever the circuit was turned on it disabled the meter from registering electricity consumption.Bajirao had a connected load of 29 HP and the pilfered units were assessed at 34,953. That translates into an amount Rs 9.96 lakh.In the second case, the office meter of Surender Singh Multani, resident of 192, Baba Budhaji Nagar, was found tampered. Multani runs a transport business. A magnet had been placed on top of the meter and when a magnetic reed switch was turned on, it disabled the meter from registering electricity consumption. The connected load of the consumer was 9.76 KW and the pilfered units were assessed at 14,403, which translate into an amount of Rs 2.76 lakh.Meanwhile, confusion prevails among Spanco employees over entry of Essel Utilities Ltd into city's distribution franchisee business. Even though Spanco has made the joint venture public, the details have not been revealed. Essel officials are expected to come to the city for inspection but the employees have not been told about the dates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "16563185", "title": "After 6am shocker of book defacement, he called police", "text": "GHAZIABAD: When locals at the mosque in Prem Nagar called Vivek Tyagi at 6am that his number had been scribbled on a defaced religious book, he was shocked. However, getting his nerves together, he calmed the callers saying that he had nothing to do with the incident. However, as soon as he put the phone down, he decided that it was in his best interests to inform the police.\"I have nothing to do with this incident. It is a well-planned conspiracy,\" said Tyagi, who runs a farmhouse business on Meerut road in Ghaziabad. Talking to TOI, he said, \"The callers initially thought that I was involved in defacing the religious book, but I managed to convince them. I then immediately called a senior police officer known to me. I narrated the entire incident and even shared the number from which I had received the call. The police acted promptly and reached the spot to probe.\"One of the callers, Fahimuddin, who runs a chemist shop in Shaheed Nagar, said, \"Most of the numbers on the defaced book were found faked. One was picked up by Tyagi, but when he told that he was innocent we decided not to take the matter any further.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "16564879", "title": "Gas leak at ice-cream factory", "text": "Lohardaga: Two persons sustained burn injuries after CFC gas that leaked from the high-speed chilling plant of an ice-cream factory in Lohardaga town on Wednesday.The injured have been identified as Sunil Kumar (38), a mechanic, and the factory owner's son Adarsh Raj Mehta (14). Both were referred to the Rajendra Institute of Medical Science in Ranchi after first aid at the Lohardaga Sadar Hospital.The gas leaked when the mechanic was repairing the machine. Adarsh, a Class VIII student of Vidya Mandir High School here, was at the repairing site of the factory at Chandrashekhar Azad Chowk on Thana Road, when the incident occurred.Factory owner Kishore Kumar Mehta said machines were being repaired when the accident occurred. Town police station In-charge PC Deogam said a case was lodged against the factory owner on charge of negligence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16561924", "title": "Independents back Ajit Pawar", "text": "MUMBAI: Nine of the 12 independents backing the NCP rallied behind Ajit Pawar on Wednesday at a meeting of the party's legislative wing. They earlier held a separate meeting at NCP minister Babanrao Pachpute's residence to discuss their strategy after Pawar's resignation. Vilas Lande, a Pune MLA, said their support to the government will continue if Pawar remains in it. \"We supported the government owing to Pawar's presence,\" he said. Another independent MLA, Dilip Sopal, echoed Lande's views.Meanwhile, Congress state president Manikrao Thakre clarified that all the 16 Congress-backed independents stood firmly behind the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16569560", "title": "India has become a global analytics hub", "text": "BANGALORE: Most Indian parents push their children to do well in mathematics. That push is now paying an unexpected dividend. India is becoming one of the big global hubs of analytics, a field that has math and statistics at its core. And everybody from MNCs to Indian startups is tapping into this capability.Analytics is becoming important globally thanks to the explosion of data. Corporates have their internal data, but increasingly , they now have to deal with related external data, coming from social media, blogs, image and video sites, sensors and more. Companies have to find all that is being said about them in these spaces, organize this data deluge, generate insights, make predictions, and finally produce recommendations for action.\"Corporate leaders today need to know more than how to run a data warehouse or build a dashboard. There is demand for people who have that uncanny knack of knowing which metrics are valuable for the organization they serve,\" says C K Guruprasad, search consultant for the technology practice at global executive search firm Heidrick &amp; Struggles India.Pradeep Nair, director in IBM India's software group, uses the delightful example of Pele to explain the new analytics phenomenon. Dribble skills in football, he says, is something that many players have. \"Pele had in addition this uncanny ability to know where the ball would be before it got there. Now companies want that kind of capability,\" he says.Analytics solutions involve technology, as also human intervention to further refine the results that technology provides. IBM, which has a major analytics centre of excellence in India that services the globe, recently announced that its analytics is enabling Jet Airways to accurately calculate, track and report aircraft emissions, and optimize its fuel usage by detailed analysis of each flight. HCL Technologies is creating a digital lobby for an MNC bank that can track what account holders are talking about it on Facebook and LinkedIn. This will help bank staff to serve their customers better.IBM, Accenture, Genpact and the big Indian IT companies all have fairly broad analytics practices today. Numerous startups too have emerged, with proprietary analytics technologies and methodologies. Startups tend to be more focused.Mu Sigma focuses on marketing , supply chain and risk analytics. AbsolutData, founded by Indians in California but which has its delivery centre in Delhi, helps optimize marketing spends and fine tune marketing strategies by analysing customer behaviour.Fractal Analytics, also founded by Indians in California and with its delivery centre largely in India, focuses on building customer loyalty and reducing waste in corporate operations. Among its many successes is one where it helped a customer to establish the right level of unit price discounts needed to influence shoppers to purchase more expensive large product packages and thus increase total sales for these product categories.iCreate is today a wellknown name in banking analytics. So is Manthan Systems in retail. Manthan develops analytics solutions for global retailers like McDonald's and Lowe's to understand things like where to locate stores, how to lay out stores, which items to keep in each store and which items are best kept together. Capillary Technologies, also in retail analytics, focuses on capturing a customer's profile and purchases to make appropriate offers at appropriate times.Nabler analyses digital trails left behind by people through their activities on websites to help companies understand their customers better and improve their product offerings. Activecubes provides analytics services in areas such as sales, marketing , supply chain, operations, and risk management. Redwood Associates has an online analytical job product called Look Beyond Resumes that allows job seekers to understand what they are best suited for, and corporates to understand which candidate is the best fit for a vacancy.In 2010, India is estimated by Avendus Capital to have delivered $375 million of the total data analytics outsourcing of $500 to 550 million. Avendus estimates a talent shortage of 140,000-190,000 professionals with analytical capabilities in the US by 2018, representing about 40% of the total demand. \"This talent supply gap will create a $20 billion offshore opportunity,\" says Amit Singh, executive director in the financial services provider.Venkat Viswanathan, CEO of Chennai-based analytics company LatentView Analytics, says the growth in analytics in India is thanks to the IT sector. \"Though Eastern Europe and China are attractive locations for analytics talent, companies are familiar with India's IT prowess, and hence look up to us to deliver analytics solutions,\" he says.Analytics advantage Organizations applying analytics to data for competitive advantage are 2.2 times more likely to substantially outperform their industry peers. Organizations adept at analytics enjoy 1.6 times more revenue growth, 2 times more profit growth and 2.5 times more stock price appreciation than their peers", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "mcleodganj", "code": "16566252", "title": "Radio takes voice of Tibetans across the world", "text": "McLEODGANJ: The Tibetan community living in exile here may not have a broadcast network. But, the voice of the Tibetans gathered here for a special convention on self-immolations in Tibet to protest Chinese occupation is reaching out to those living in Lhasa and other parts of Tibet with the help of web TV and various radio stations that have Tibetan language sections.Radio stations like Radio Free Asia, Voice of America and Voice of Tibet, based in Norway, have dedicated Tibetan language sections and are playing a vital role in disseminating information worldwide, about this meeting. These radio stations are helping broadcast proceedings of the meeting, from the speech of the prime minister of the Tibetan government-in-exile to reactions of delegates.Tibetans, who are living in exile in different parts of the world, are accessing these programmes by tuning into these radio stations. Even Tibet residents, who do not have any connection with their exiled government that is headquartered in Dharamshala, are accessing these broadcasts by tuning to these radio stations clandestinely as the Tibetan sections of these radio stations are banned there.\"A large number of Tibetans live in different parts of India and other countries and it is not possible for all of them to attend the meet here. We too could not reach out to them directly. Radio stations like Voice of America and Radio Free Asia are a big help,\" said Tenzin Norbu, spokesperson of the Tibetan parliamentary secretariat, who is also looking after the proceedings of meeting.The event is also being watched live on the website, \"Tibet online TV\", a web TV station and live streaming can be watched on Blackberry, android and iPhone.A community radio station of Tibetan Children Village (TCV) School has been transmitting proceedings of the meeting translated in Chinese and English in the main hall.\"I could not attend the meeting but I am following the proceedings through Voice of America and Voice of Tibet. Many of my Tibetan friends in Mussoorie, Darjeeling and Dehradun and even in New Jersey", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16564994", "title": "Now, KIMS opens malnutrition ward for children", "text": "HUBLI: The Karnataka Institute of Medical Sciences has set up a 14-bed Severe Acute Malnutrition (SAM) ward, which comes as a ray of hope to many poor parents in North Karnataka.In just just two weeks, after it opened, the ward has eight malnourished children admitted here for treatment of problems like diarrhoea, pneumonia and respiratory infections. Many poor parents who cannot afford better treatment for their malnourished children, are now coming all the way from Koppal, Bijapur, Raichur, Gadag, Haveri and other districts of North Karnataka. These children will get special attention, with nutrition experts working round the clock to save their lives and make them healthy.Four nurses , three staffers, a cook and a nutrition counsellor are part of this special ward. TA Shepur, head of the paediatric department, KIMS, who is in charge of SAM, told TOI that lack of knowledge about the importance of nutrition, lack of supplementary feeding at the appropriate time and unhygienic conditions are some reasons which have led to a rise in the number of malnourished children in North Karnataka.\"As part of the treatment, we allow mothers to stay with their children till they recover. Mothers are also counselled on how to take care of their malnourished children,\" said Shepur.\"Depending on the severity of the problem, we give F-75, a drug with low amount of protein and only 75 calories during the first week. This is upgraded to F-100 drugs in the second week, with 100 calories and more protein. Children are discharged after confirming that their health, weight and appetite are improving,\" he added. \"After a severe fever, my nine-month-old daughter stopped eating and drinking. I brought my child to SAM last week. Now she is recovering,\" said Chennawwa Kumbar of Savanur in Haveri district.SICK KIDS IN DISTAbout 3,323 children are suffering from malnutrition in Dharwad district alone. According to a survey up to August 2012:* Hubli-Dharwad city had 836 malnourished children* Dharwad rural had 808 children* Navalgund had 516 kids* Kalghatagi had 442,* Kundgol had 374* Hubli rural had 347* About 582 children were also found to be malnourished under the Non-Integrated Child Development ServiceThe government is spending Rs 750 on each child for treatment, said VA Patil, programme officer, district women and child development department, Dharwad", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16565341", "title": "Mamgalore airport gets safety nod with A310 flight", "text": "MANGALORE: When the Airbus A310 kisses the skies of Mangalore for the first time on Friday, flying Haj pilgrims from Bajpe airport %to Mecca, it's expected to restore the airport's safety %tag. The airport's image took a severe beating after a Dubai flight crashed on May 22, 2010 leaving 158 passengers dead.The flight this Friday will ferry 1,030 pilgrims until October 2. The Director General of Civil Aviation has given the go-ahead %to the flight. The 140-tonne aircraft will take off at 11.30am with the first batch of 220 pilgrims.Airport director M R Vasudeva said Bajpe has previously handled landings of Airbus A321s and A319s which weighed 70,000kg. Each of these aircraft can carry 220 passengers.The A310's biggest advantage is its roomy cargo hold. Until now, Haj pilgrims would depend on cargo planes to bring the holy %ZamZam water from Mecca. Occasions were plenty %when the inordinate delays in the arrival of holy water had caused anxiety among those returning from the pilgrimage.Vasudeva confirmed that the airport and the runway have built-in strength to handle aircraft the size of An A310. Technical evaluation says the airport can handle aircraft with all-up weight of 154 tonnes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "16565518", "title": "Municipality workers on strike from October 9", "text": "KOTTAYAM: Staff and contingency workers of the municipalities in the state will go on an indefinite strike over frequent interruption in the distribution of their salaries and pension.The strike was announced by the associations belonging to the ruling as well as opposition fronts. The Leftist organizations will start their strike from October 9 while the others from October 17.The major demands of the associations are the distribution of salaries and pension for the staff and workers directly by the government, said P S M Sadique, president, Kerala Municipal and Corporation Staff Association.The association leaders said that among the 65 municipalities in the state, more than 40 are in severe financial crisis.In the municipalities, which are in deep financial crisis like Punalur, Chengannur, Aleppey, Mavelikkara, Thalassery the staff does not get paid on the first of every month. In Aleppey, the festival allowance for Onam has not yet been distributed.The leaders alleged that despite the financial requirements to meet the expenses for running a municipality has increased, there is no hike made in the Own Fund of each municipality. According to them, this has led to the financial crisis.Municipal staff should be treated on par with state government employees and should be given salary and pension by the government and not by the municipality, said Sadique.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16562841", "title": "200 Harleys to hit Hampi road this weekend", "text": "BANGALORE: When the nights are dark, the highways turn into playgrounds for mean machines.And Harley-Davidson, it seems, is king of this jungle that comes alive in major cities, including Delhi, Mumbai, Bangalore, Hyderabad and Chennai. Now, Harley-Davidson Owners' Group (HOGs) are ready to hog the roads with their gleaming bulky Harleys and roar at full throttle this weekend. The HOGs will take their first southern ride from seven destinations across the country and arrive at World Heritage site Hampi.Over 200 bikers will be taking part in the ride from seven HOG chapters. On Saturday, over 100 bikers from Bangalore will cruise on the busy Bangalore-Bellary national highway to reach Hampi, to enjoy a live music performance.The impressive but noisy convoy will cover a distance of 364km. On Sunday, the convoy will return to Bangalore.With family members riding pillion, proud owners of these slick machines are gearing for road-ripping rides. \"I am very excited and looking forward to this biggest HOG ride so far in India,'' said Sheeja Mathews, the first woman from Bangalore to own a Harley in India.Another proud owner, Javad Hasan, director, Albatross Flying Systems added: \"I had participated in an event earlier involving 30-40 HOGs, but not of this size. I'm sure it'll be an event of a lifetime.''Captain Zubin Major, HOG director, Bangalore chapter, said: \"We believe biking is the ultimate form of self-expression, allowing you to choose what you ride, what you wear, where you ride to, whom you ride with, and what you do along the way. This ride is all about that.''This convoy of heavyweights will undoubtedly cause some disruption along the highway, but organizers maintained they would minimize disruption for other road users with a compact convoy and ensure that bikers follow lanes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16562485", "title": "Are the police serious about senior-citizen plan?", "text": "MUMBAI: Police commissioner Satya Pal Singh, along with state home minister R R Patil, was supposed to visit senior citizens on Wednesday. The plan was cancelled owing to the death of a senior NCP leader. While this has led to a question mark over the seriousness of the police's grandiose plans for the safety of senior citizens, a few Mumbaikars in their sunset years believe they are better off being by themselves and away from the eyes of cops. As for other citizens, they feel the visit was intended as a public relations stunt to deflect criticism from the recent murders of senior citizens in Mumbai.Former IPS officer Y P Singh called the plan to visit senior citizens an \"emotional\" move. \"It can boost the morale of citizens, but cannot protect senior citizens. The only way to create confidence among senior citizens is detecting cases and punishing culprits. Just by visiting some buildings, you are not going to increase confidence. The police will have to interact with private security agencies that take care of such buildings. Frequent meetings with a housing society's office bearers will help the police,\" said Singh.A retired police officer said some people do not trust the police when it comes to security. \"People who have had a bad experience with the police do not trust them.\"An observer said the police commissioner should not have cancelled his visit. \"There was no law and order problem in the city. The police need to be honest with their plans.\"Several senior citizens expressed a lack of faith in the police. An 80-year-old woman said that when it comes to security, the police are simply not good enough. \"I absolutely do not want to be registered with the police,\" said the Andheri resident, who stays alone in a one-bedroom flat. \"I have heard stories from my friends who have registered themselves. They get police visits at odd times. When they are sleeping, a policeman will knock on the door. For my own security, I have installed a double door cum CCTV system. I can trust myself, not the police.\"A 72-year-old man from Mulund said that often the police themselves inform criminals about houses that can be burgled easily. \"The police have a list of those who stay alone. If they are friends with burglars, how are we supposed to trust them? Sometime ago, a neighbour's house was burgled. Though they had CCTV footage of the crime, the police did not nab the culprits.\"Kersi Cawascama (61), who stays with his wife in a flat at Grant Road, said that they cannot totally rely on the local police. \"The police anyway has a lot of work to do and we cannot expect them to look after senior citizens alone. The hotline idea, however, is good, as we can then contact the police and get through to them immediately.\"Wednesday's non-event proves how much importance our protectors attach to your security, which is the biggest concern in Mumbai today. Does even a community policing scheme need the august presence of a minister to be launched? Do our ministers and cops need the presence of flashbulbs to start a scheme that is now a crying necessity? The number of well-intentioned schemes initiated by former regimes and now gathering dust lead us to suspect a similar fate for this scheme as well. But we'll be happy if we are proved wrong.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16564502", "title": "New toll-free phone number for electricity complaints", "text": "BHOPAL: The Central Region Power Distribution Company (Discom), in a bid to streamline costumer grievance services, has introduced a new toll-free number that will help electricity consumers from the 16 districts falling under the company to register electricity-related complaints.The toll-free phone number 18004203300 has been established at the discom's central call centre. Consumers from Bhopal , Vidisha, Raisen, Sehore, Hoshangabad, Harda, Rajgarh, Betul, Gwalior, Guna, Ashok Nagar, Datia, Shivpuri, Sheopur, Morena and Bhind can register their complaints on the new number, said an official release on Wednesday.If a consumer faces a power cut or power disruption at his house or has any other power-related complaint, it can be registered immediately on this toll-free phone number. Complaint will be registered when consumer gives his name or service connection number.People can also seek information about new connections from this call centre. They can register complaints or information about less or more load on connection, meter-reading, snapping of power, meter defect, matters of snapping and reconnection of electricity connection, power theft, voltage fluctuations, streetlights, sparks in transformer, electricity accident and complaints regarding billing, spokesman added.Every complainant will be given a complaint number from the central call centre through which he can obtain updated information about the complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "puducherry", "code": "16568516", "title": "World Tourism Day: Centre sanctions Rs 125 crores for tourism in Puducherry", "text": "PUDUCHERRY: The Central government has sanctioned Rs 125 crores for Puducherry to develop tourism and already several plans were being finalised making use of the scope and potential available in the sector, Tourism minister P Rajavely said on Wednesday.Inaugurating a two-day training programme for students of Pondicherry University on the eve of the celebration of the World Tourism Day, he said Puducherry was known for its spiritual and cultural features.Chief minister N Rangasamy was keen that Puducherry should be placed at the top pedestal in the tourism sector.He called upon the students to showcase Puducherry so that there could be flow of more number of domestic and foreign tourists into Puducherry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "bhagalpur", "code": "16565532", "title": "Lok Sabha Speaker emphasizes on women education", "text": "BHAGALPUR: \"Family, society and nation develop in true sense only when women are educated, skilled, vocationally employed and become empowered,\" said the five time MP and present Lok Sabha speaker Meira Kumar.Participation of women at different levels including in the governance of local bodies has brought significant changes in the lives of women and society, but still much are required to uplift the socio-economic condition of women and downtrodden, the LS speaker added.Meira Kumar , the first woman Speaker in the history of Indian Parliament, was speaking here on Wednesday at a seminar to commemorate the 89th birth anniversary of the late Sumitra Devi, the first woman cabinet minister of Bihar.The seminar was held under the aegis of 'Sumitra Devi Jayanti Samaroh Samiti' at multipurpose hall of Tilkamanjhi Bhagalpur University (TMBU). Stressing on education of girls, the LS speaker said that the late Sumitra Devi was educated at Varanasi after initial education at her native place before participating in the freedom struggle and becoming the member of Bihar legislative assembly in 1952. In 1963, Sumitra Devi became the first woman cabinet minister of Bihar.She was born at village Maheshpur under Tarapur block in Munger district on September 25, 1922. She died on February 2, 2001. Sumitra Devi was the mother-in-law of Meira Kumar.The LS speaker also threw light on the status of SC/STs and downtrodden.Referring to the problems facing the handloom weavers associated with local silk industries and production of Tassar silk at Bhagalpur that brings in huge amount of foreign currency adding to the foreign exchange reserve, the LS Speaker said that she would make all efforts to bring changes in the lives of handloom weavers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16564955", "title": "Kochi writer hits the Inglish jackpot", "text": "KOCHI: For wannabe writers trying to break into the huge and lucrative market for Indian writing in English, here's some good news: Persistence pays. Starting mid-October Kochi adman Anees Salim will have not just one but four of his books brought out by major publishers.For more than two decades Salim endured a Godot-like wait before Harper Collins, Picador and new entrant Amaryllis finally picked up his books in auctions. While his debut novel, The Vicks Mango Tree, would hit bookstores across the country next month, the others will follow in quick succession.\"It happened at the right time; I was reaching the edge. I kept sending manuscripts straight to publishers, some did not even acknowledge, others sent a rejection slip. It was getting so bleak that I stopped writing for three years,\" says Salim who is creative head of Draft FCB Ulka Advertising in Kochi.But the scene changed once he was noticed by literary agent Kanishka Gupta. While Picador picked up Vanity Bagh, The Blind Lady's Descendants went to Amaryllis. And Harper Collins chose Vicks ... and Tales From a Vending Machine. The Vicks Mango Tree, to be published first, is set in 'Mangobaag' that could be anywhere except in Kerala, and appears to be in wink-and-nod terms with a certain kind of urban Indian writing where time is conflated, where broad alleys and mangoes tasting like decongestants are obvious allegories and the characters resemble impersonations. Interestingly, it also has a journalist, Raj Iyer, who goes missing during the Emergency. \"No connection to the disappearance of Rajan in Kerala,\"' Salim is quick to point out.\"I love the tone of wry irreverence with which Anees views the world. He is a fluent storyteller with a strong sense of time and place,\" says V K Karthika, chief editor and publisher of Harper Collins, India. \"What sets his writing apart are the sudden flashes of irony and humour, and the unexpected insights into the way ordinary people think and behave.\"A school drop-out, Salim has spent more time in the company of books and in trains than with friends, his meanderings providing material for his novels. \"You just need to know the technique, and be honest about your stories,\" says the 42-year-old. Reclusive as he is, Salim also prefers that he \"wants to be read, not heard\". Wannabes, take note.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16566249", "title": "Shimla: Villagers refuse to leave sanctuary area", "text": "SHIMLA: While a team from International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) -- the official world heritage advisory body on nature -- will visit the Great Himalayan National Park (GHNP) from October 3 to 15 for infield inspection to include the park in UNESCO world heritage list, the park authorities are facing the challenge of shifting three small villages adjoining the sanctuary to include the area into park.GHNP area was declared national park under the Wildlife Protection Act, 1972 by the Himachal Pradesh government in 1999. This pristine area of temperate forests and alpine meadows surrounded by high mountains has remained without any human interference since 1999.Authorities now have plans to include Tirthan and Sainj sanctuaries in GHNP as it would not only boost the tourism potential of the area, but would also add to the economy of local people. However, the residents of three villages -- Shaakti, Maror and Shugad -- with a total population of around 112 are opposed to the idea of shifting.According to wildlife officials, opposition from villagers has stalled the process to include sanctuary area in GHNP. They said a proposal to Union government was sent in past in which there was a provision of transferring forest land to residents in equal amount of currently owned by them.On the other hand, villagers claim that they have been living there since ages and they won't shift to other places abandoning their ancestral homes. Since their inclusion in sanctuary area, villages have been deprived of developmental activities, including construction of road, villagers continue to live there even after being promised equal land and facilities at Majhin village, 10km from there. The remoteness and inaccessibility of the park also ensures conservation of its biological diversity. More than 85% area of the buffer zone is under forest, which is effectively fulfilling the forest-based needs of the local community.GHNP director Ajay Shrivastav said residents would be shifted only when all of them would give their consent in writing. \"We are asking the villagers to inform us about their will. Three villages are located 25-30 km away from habitation and at new places they could be provided better facilities. Final call has to be taken by them,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16564789", "title": "Steep price hike hits anganwadi centres", "text": "RANCHI: Anganwadi centres were created by the government to provide proper nutrition to children and pregnant women in villages. However, steep hike in prices of essential commodities have affected these centres in the state which are now unable to meet the nutritional requirements as per norms.Sheela Devi, an anganwadi worker, said: \"Despite the steep hike in prices of essential commodities in recent times, we have been getting the same amount for the past three years to provide nutritious food and ration to children and mothers. Earlier, the commodities were affordable. Now it is really difficult to manage and we are unable to provide proper nutrition to the children and mothers.\"In the past three years the prices of almost every commodity have skyrocketed. \"It has been three years since the rate was last fixed by the government. Although the prices of essential commodities have shot through the roof, the rates were never increased. Earlier, rice was available at Rs.18/kg but now it costs Rs 25/kg. Similarly, the price of refined oil was Rs.64/litre, earlier. It now costs over Rs.100/litre,\" said Suman Devi, another anganwadi worker.Owing to the steep price hike the only option left with the angawari workers is to compromise on the quality of food. Pathreena Ekka, an anganwadi worker, said, \"We have to provide food to the children in the same quantity so the only option left for us is to compromise with the food quality. We now purchase substandard quality rice at a lower price. On most days we give only rice, dal and soya chunks as we cannot afford to purchase other items.\"Unlike several states in the country where anganwadis receive packaged food to be served to children and mothers, in Jharkhand and, money is sent to the anganwari workers.. Job Zachariah, the state head of UNICEF, said: \"Every month an average of Rs10,000 is sent to every anganwari centre. A circular was sent to every state by the centre in 2009 and the cost of 'poshaahar' (nutritional food) has been fixed on the basis of the same circular.\" The UNICEF has been working with the anganwari centres since a long time.Jharkhand social welfare minister Vimla Pradhan said she had demanded revision of the 'poshaahar' amount at a meeting with the Union social welfare minister on September 13-14. \"The nutrition amount is decided by the Union government. Social welfare ministers of all the states were present at the meeting and we had all demanded revision of prices. The Union minister had assured us that the prices will be revised soon,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16563396", "title": "Custody death: SHO, 4 others booked", "text": "GURGAON: The SHO of the police station in Bhondsi village of Gurgaon was on Wednesday booked on the charge of murdering a retired police officer during questioning in the police station, police said. Earlier in the day, enraged by the death of retired assistant sub-inspector Beerpal Singh in lock-up late on Tuesday evening, the family members of the victim and other villagers blocked the Gurgaon-Sohna road for about four hours. Protesters sat in the middle of the road with the victim's body and they calmed down only after the DCP (south) assured them that an FIR would be lodged against the suspect. Later in the day, an FIR was lodged against the SHO of Bhondsi police station, Arvind Dahiya, who has also been transferred, and four others under Section 302/34 IPC. \"We are investigating the matter on the basis of the complaint and we will take action if we find the SHO guilty,\" said K K Sindhu, Gurgaon commissioner of police. Following the death of the retired ASI who was taken to the police station in connection with a land dispute case, the villagers went on the rampage on Wednesday morning. They placing the dead body on the disputed land and blocked the Gurgaon-Sohna road. The deceased man's family members demanded that an FIR be lodged against the SHO and four others. After being told that traffic on the road had come to a standstill, Maheshwar Dyal, DCP (south), Bhupendra Singh, ACP (DLF) and Narendra Kadiyan, ACP (city) reached the spot with a large number of cops. A meeting was arranged between the police officers and village sarpanch Vijay Raghav in the police station. By 11am many women protesters joined the agitation forcing police to divert the traffic from the road. The protesters, meanwhile, planned to block the road near Badshapur toll plaza. At this point DCP Maheshwar Dayal announced that an FIR on the charge of murder would be registered against the SHO and others. The FIR was lodged on the statement of the victim's brother, Satyendra, against Bhondsi police station's SHO Arvind Dahiya, and the ones who had filed a case against the dead man, Bhagirath, Jitendra and three other villagers of Bhondsi village. Police also announced that they have transferred the Bhondsi SHO to Police Lines with immediate effect and deployed Narendra Khtatana as the acting SHO. After the action against the SHO, the villagers agreed to the postmortem of the dead body in the postmortem house in Gurgaon. The body was later handed over to the next of kin of the former plilceman. The villagers also demanded to know the names of three more policemen, who took Beerpal to the police station and wanted them suspended.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16563725", "title": "CMAT to be held from today", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Around 20,000 students from across the state will appear for the Common Management Aptitude Test (CMAT) examination that starts from Thursday. The examination will be conducted at all India level till October 1. The examination is being conducted for filling up 1.60 lakh seats for Masters in Business Administration (MBA) course in 4,000 colleges across India. The examination will be conducted at 64 centres in India.There are five centres in Gujarat -Ahmedabad, Vadodara, Surat, Rajkot and Bharuch. The examination will be conducted in two sessions of three hours each.tnnGujarat has agreed to follow the CMAT pattern for giving admissions in MBA from this year onwards.Previously, the admissions were granted on the pattern of Gujarat Common Admission Test (GCAT). CMAT examination will be conducted online. The next round of examinations will be conducted in February. The students will get admission on the basis of higher marks scored in either of the two attempts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "16570466", "title": "VHP to hold protest before police chief office in Rajkot over woman's murder", "text": "RAJKOT: Vishva Hindu Parishad (VHP) leaders in Rajkot will hold a protest rally and organize Dharna before Commissioner of Police's office today evening in regard with 40-year-old woman's murder case.On Wednesday morning, a 40-year-old woman was allegedly killed by a youth after she reprimanded him for teasing her daughter. According to police officials, deceased Laxmi Chauhan, a resident of Navyugpara, pulled up Jafar Makrani, living in Hakimbhai ni Sheri, after he abused her daughter in the market.The scared girl informed her mother about it and Laxmi went to meet Jafar's family members to complain about his behavior. However, his family members told her that he was not in their control. After a while, she saw Jafar near her house and pulled him up. Enraged, Jafar allegedly thrashed her with sticks and injured her seriously. Laxmi succumbed at the hospital. Jafar escaped from the spot and is on the run. Laxmi's husband Ramji is a rickshaw driver in city.\"The accused must be arrested soon and police should take action against such people who are creating havoc in the city and maintain law and order situation'' said VHP leader from the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16564296", "title": "To harass ex-employer, man names him in extortion SMS", "text": "PUNE: The Pune crime branch on Tuesday arrested a call centre employee for allegedly sending a threatening SMS to a city-based builder in the name of an underworld don and attempting to extort Rs 50 lakh from him.The suspect, Ramesh Raju Pardeshi (35) of Sundar colony, Kalewadi phata, Thergaon, has been charged under sections 385 (putting person in fear of injury in order to commit extortion) and 387 (putting person in fear of death or of grievous hurt, in order to commit extortion) of the Indian Penal Code.The anti-extortion cell of the crime branch led by inspector Sachin Sawant made the arrest.Inspector Sawant said that on September 22, the builder received an SMS on his cellphone. The suspect had texted that he was sending the SMS on behalf of an underworld don and demanded Rs 50 lakh as extortion money. The suspect mentioned the name and address of a person and asked the builder to send the extortion money to the given address. \"The builder contacted the crime branch and lodged a complaint,\" Sawant said.Sawant said that the police laid a trap and nabbed Pardeshi from Kalewadi on Tuesday night. \"During interrogation Pardeshi confessed that he had sent the threatening SMS to the builder,\" he said. Sawant said that investigations have also revealed that the address on which Pardeshi had asked the builder to send the money to was of Pardeshi's former boss at another call centre. \"In order to harass his former boss, Pardeshi had mentioned him in the SMS,\" he said.Pardeshi had sent the SMS to some other persons including a PMC corporator. \"We have seized the SIM card and the cellphone used by Pardeshi,\" he said. The investigating team comprised assistant police inspector Santosh Subalkar, police constables Nilesh Desai, Ganesh Mali, Sanjay Kalokhe and Chandrakant Sawant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16563329", "title": "Encephalitis kills 10 children in past 24 hours", "text": "LUCKNOW: Spreading further its deadly tentacles, encephalitis took 10 more lives in the past 24 hours in the Gorakhpur division taking the toll in the state this season to 361. According to health department sources, 39 children in extremely critical condition are battling for life in government hospitals and Baba Raghav Das Medical College, Gorakhpur.Additional director, health, Diwakar Prasad, told TOI that the victim children hailed from Gorakhpur, Deoria and Kushinagar districts. \"Since January, as many as 2,341 children have fallen prey to encephalitis in our division. This includes children from Bihar border and Nepal as well,\" Prasad told TOI.On the type of cases, BRD Medical College principal Dr KP Kushwaha said, \"Of all the kids who died, only 93 children tested positive for Japanese encephalitis while the remaining have been categorized as acute encephalitis syndrome which is caused by different types of viruses in the entero virus family.\"Local health activists say part of the funds sanctioned by Central and state governments have started coming in and resources have been raised. But people in remote villages have little information about the facilities available. \"Though a fleet of ambulances has been readied to transport patients, about 80 per cent of the families reporting at the BRD medical college come on their own,\" said a health official.Similarly, pediatricians have been posted at district hospitals and community health centers to attend to patients but parents do not trust them and prefer taking the children to private nursing homes. Doctors at the nursing homes refer the patients to the medical college. Of the total 2,300-odd cases, around 1,700 have been attended to by the BRD medical college doctors.In view of the immediate need for spreading awareness about reasons that led to encephalitis, Gorakhpur and Basti division commissioner K Ravindra Naik has taken steps to mobilise the local community. As a part of the drive, a pradhan forum has been set up. A mechanism called 'community monitoring and feedback system through pradhans' is working to spread awareness against encephalitis.\"Proactive pradhans, particularly those working in the area, would work in coordination with the village health sanitation and nutrition committees formed under the national rural health mission. The key to save children from any disease including encephalitis is to check the use of shallow hand pumps for drawing drinking water and ban open defecation,\" said a local health officer. A meeting of the pradhan forum in Kushinagar was held on Wednesday. Similarly, district administration in Deoria has declared Saturday as 'health day' where lessons in preventive health are imparted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "16565590", "title": "Beijing-baiter? Romney had shares in China companies", "text": "BEIJING: US presidential candidate Mitt Romney , who has made anti-China issues a major plank in his election campaign, had invested in Nasdaq-listed Chinese website Youku and energy major Cnooc Ltd. His rival and US President Barack Obama has criticized his investment in Cnooc. \"It wasn't until Romney decided that he was going to start talking tough on China... that he dumped the shares,\" Obama said.Youku has been widely criticized in the US for copying the YouTube model and violating copyright, which is an important cause taken up by Romney in his election campaign. But reports in BuzzFeed and Yahoo said Romney held 300 shares of this company until he dumped them on June 15.\"Romney's tax returns show he sold more than 300 shares of Youku on June 15. Romney has often used Chinese piracy and intellectual property theft as an issue while attacking Obama on China,\" reported BuzzFaeed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16562645", "title": "Finally, new 3-lane flyover to remove RTR bottleneck", "text": "NEW DELHI: After struggling with major jams on the Rao Tula Ram Marg flyover for years, commuters may finally get a solution. The Public Works Department (PWD) is likely to build an additional three-lane flyover on the problematic stretch on Outer Ring Road after all short-term plans for traffic solutions in the area were junked.\"We are expecting an in-principle approval within seven to 10 days from planning body UTTIPEC to build a three-lane flyover parallel to the present flyover. All the short-term plans suggested by RITES have been discarded due to some problem or the other,\" PWD minister Raj Kumar Chauhan told TOI.TOI has carried a series of reports on this flyover since it was constructed, laying bare the bad planning and ad hoc measures on this stretch. In an investigative series published in August last year on how the flyover design was flawed, TOI had suggested that building a proper dual carriageway flyover was the ideal long-term solution.In a meeting chaired by the lieutenant governor, Tejendra Khanna, last Friday, a plan for one-way traffic movement on RTR as a short-term solution was rejected by the traffic police. Another short term plan suggested by RITES - to widen the existing road on RTR Marg by taking over the service lane on one side had also been rejected following opposition from residents along the stretch.\"The residents along the stretch did not want the service lane to be taken away. Some drains were also built along this service lane which were high and would have had to be broken down and reconstructed under the road for RTR to be widened. It was decided to junk that plan as well,\" said a senior PWD official.Now PWD is determined to build the flyover. \"The flyover must be built as commuters to and from the airport suffer daily on this stretch. It also connects with a national highway and we cannot allow the situation to remain like this. If short-terms plans aren't working out, the long-term plan must be executed as soon as possible,\" said Chauhan.Residents living around RTR are thrilled by the development. \"We welcome this decision and are delighted. We were desperate for a flyover and have nothing but support for RITES and UTTIPEC. As long as this does not mean that the entry and exit of residents are blocked, the Vasant Vihar residents welcome this move for larger public good,\" said Dr. Gautam Vohra, president of Vasant Vihar RWA.\"I travel on this route at least thrice a week because I have to go to the airport. I have almost missed my flight many times because of the jam and am glad to hear the news. I'm sure a lot of commuters would bless the agencies who are finally coming to their senses,\" exclaimed Parinita Mehta, a flight attendant with an international airlines.The plan for the one-way traffic movement was junked after the traffic police told PWD and UTTIPEC that it would cause further complications. The plan was to try an anti-clockwise one-way movement along Benito Juarez Marg and Rao Tula Ram Marg in a bid to ease the traffic bottlenecks in the area. Both PWD and traffic police were asked to conduct a trial run to check the viability of the solution.\"We had certain issues with the plan, like increased movement along Ring Road and possibility of accidents. In our view, the traffic in the area would have become problematic,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg. The plan required the traffic headed for the airport to travel till Satya Niketan on Ring Road before taking a left towards Rao Tula Ram Marg. RITES had suggested increasing the width of Ring Road by adding a service lane and shifting the central verge to enhance the capacity of the road. \"Even then the traffic load on Ring Road would have been too much,\" added Garg.The plan required a compulsory left turn from Moti Bagh on Ring Road to Major Somnath Marg towards Som Vihar. The cops feared that it would become a major accident-prone spot as high-speed vehicles would crash into the barricade even with signages.Second, a conflict of movement was expected between those coming from airport on Rao Tula Ram Marg and those travelling to airport on Benito Juarez Marg in the one-way scheme. The cops saw the need to have a red light which would however result in prolonged jams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16562846", "title": "Ahmedabad woman visited Isro two years ago", "text": "BANGALORE: The Ahmedabad woman Buela M Sam, 44, caught for breaching security at Isro facilities here last week, is believed to have visited the establishment's premises two years ago, sources privy to the investigation said. City police are yet to establish when and why she came here.Investigation revealed that Buela got the fake ID she used to hoodwink Isro security personnel at a photo studio in Punalur at Kollam, Kerala. Bangalore police on Wednesday seized the hard disk containing her passport-sized photo from the Jana Studio. Studio owner Sini Balan has been picked up for questioning.During interrogation, Balan told police that Buela had come to his studio and got her photo clicked. \"She then got a plastic card laminated. But I really don't know what the card contained,\" Balan said. Reports from Kollam said Karnataka police also took the proprietor of Spark studio in Punalur for questioning.Highly-placed police sources told TOI they would soon question the Isro engineer suspected to have been seen with Buela in the guesthouse corridors.Buela had checked into the Isro guesthouse on Old Airport Road here on September 20 and stayed there for two days before entering the Isro headquarters on New BEL Road. It's suspected the engineer had handed over a delegate card to Buela which she allegedly used to enter the guesthouse.Another police team searched the accused's house in Radha Apartment in Ahmedabad on Wednesday. The team questioned neighbours and a few of her family members. Her husband Alex Thomas is a high school teacher in Ahmedabad. The team visited his school and recorded his colleagues' statements.\"The teams are likely to return either on Thursday or Friday. Then, we'll have a clear picture of the accused and her family,\" a senior investigating officer told.Grandiose DisorderAccording to Buela's relatives in Punalur, she had been undergoing treatment for a psychiatric condition called the Grandiose Disorder for the past seven years. Patients suffering from this disease consider themselves to a different person. During her student days, Buela had nurtured dreams of becoming a space scientist, her relatives said.All information regarding her medical history was handed over to police and intelligence officers, who visited her house at Koonamkuzhy, 2km from Punalur town.Buela was in Punalur from Sept. 11 to Sept. 18 for the funeral of her father. On Sept. 18, she left home saying she was leaving for Ahmadabad via Mumbai by bus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "phillaur", "code": "16566312", "title": "SGPC member Kulbir Singh Barapind remanded in judicial custody", "text": "PHILLAUR: Shiromani Gurdwara Prabandhak Committee member and SAD (panch pardhani) president Kulbir Singh Barapind was remanded in judicial custody by a Phillaur court on Wednesday. Jalandhar (rural) police requested to extend his police remand further, but the court instead sent him to judicial custody till October 10.His counsel, Kashmir Singh Malhi, moved a plea seeking his examination by a medical board as Barapind claimed that he was subjected to third degree torture and was given electric shocks. Judge Jatinderpal Singh Bhatti kept the matter pending till Thursday after issuing a notice to the state. On Wednesday, Barapind was sent to Ludhiana jail.While seeking his remand, police pleaded that they were yet to get details of his co-accused and needed to question him about the money he had been receiving from abroad. However, defence counsel argued that police has failed to recover anything from him despite keeping is custody for six days.In the six days, police could not recover more explosive even as he was booked under the Explosives Act and after three-day custody he was linked to a four-month-old recovery of RDX by Nawanshahr police, that had named Barapind in the case even as total of six accused figured in the case and police even presented a challan against them.Police \"recovered\" a China-made mouser pistol along with six cartridges, two bullet proof jackets, an airgun, a night vision binocular and a few other articles. The literature recovered from him and termed \"seditious\" by the police is already available freely and none of these books and magazines have been proscribed by the government.Barapind was also booked under the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act, Waging war against the country, Arms Act and seditious literature.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16563680", "title": "Supreme court acquits 1993 Jharnia arms case convicts who were sentenced to serve a term of 5 years", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Supreme Court on Wednesday set aside a TADA court's order of conviction in the 1993 case of an arms cache recovery in Jharnia village in Madhya Pradesh, where Sohrabuddin Sheikh was one of the eleven persons sentenced to five years in jail.In 2002, special judge H B Antani convicted 11 and acquitted 49 others on charges of waging war against nation, smuggling arms and ammunition to use in terror strike against Hindus to avenge the Babri Masjid demolition.The prosecution contended that the Abdul Latif gang had planned terrorist strikes with the support of Dawood Ibrahim and agencies of other countries. In order to achieve their object, they imported AK 56 and AK 47 assault rifles, RDX, hand grenades, revolvers and cartridges. The weapons were brought to Ahmedabad on January 14, 1993 to attack on the annual Rath Yatra festival.However, after the use of some explosives, the conspiracy was unearthed and the arms were hidden at Jharnia village. A dry well in Sohrabuddin's farm was used to hide the weapons.In all, 60 persons including a few police constables were arrested. Those tried and convicted to five years' jail term included Yusuf Pathan alias Laplap, Shiraz Thakore, Gajnafarkhan Pathan alias Gujjukhan, Sohrabuddin, Sattar Battery, Rauf Shaikh, Iqbal Bapu, Nasir Luhar, Hussain Bhajiya, Ashraf Pathan. Among those who were acquitted were Abdul Wahab Baloch, Mehboob Senior and Abdul Khurdush Shaikh. Some of those convicted questioned the TADA court's order, while Gujarat government challenged all acquittals and sought enhancement of punishment for the 11 convicts.The divison bench of Justice H L Dattu and Justice Chandramauli Prasad reversed the lower court's order because it was found that the confessions recorded under TADA were without prior permission, which must be obtained from a police officer of the rank of either superintendent of police or inspector general of police. For non-compliance of provisions under Section 20-A(1) of TADA, the court acquitted the accused.The apex court observed, \"The facts of the case might induce mournful reflection how an attempt by the investigating agency, charged with the duty of preventing terrorism and securing conviction, has been frustrated by what is popularly called a technical error.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16570204", "title": "Chandigarh records 44 cases of dengue", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With the onset of Dengue season, the Malaria Wing of Health Department Chandigarh Administration has geared up field activities as 44 cases of dengue have been received so far. Investigations and other remedial measures are being carried out in and around the affected areas.Sonu, 19 year male admitted in GMCH-32 has been declared as H1N1 positive is resident of Hallomajra, UT-Chandigarh. As per the investigation reports he has got the history of tuberculosis and has got treatment for the same. He was admitted in GMCH-32 on 10th of September, 2012.The patient was presented with pneumonitis. Symptoms include fever, vomiting, Respiratory Distress, Sputum mixed with blood, inability to feed well and falls under Category C as per the guidelines of categorization by Govt. of India.The measures being taken include deployment of two teams by Regional Office Chandigarh for additional surveillance work, distribution of Handbills/ pamphlets for creating awareness, fogging operation in affected areas and special Drive for checking of coolers in government offices.The preventions recommended for general public are to avoid close contact with people who are having respiratory illness, cover your mouth and nose with a tissue or handkerchief when coughing or sneezing, washing hands often with soap or alcohol based hand wash will help protect from germs, staying at home, away from work, school, and public places when you are sick.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16570619", "title": "Intex expects Rs 500 crore revenue this fiscal", "text": "KOLKATA: IT hardware and electronics products company Intex Technologies said it is expecting to clock Rs 500 crore in revenues from its accessories business this financial year, as it plans to introduce new products.\"IT accessories business contributes close to 55 per cent to the company's overall revenue. We aim to cross a revenue of Rs 500 crore in IT accessories business in financial year 2012-13,\" Intex Technologies General Manager-Product Management Vikram Kalia said here today.Unveiling the new range of multimedia speakers here, he said the company is also planning to launch new models of Intex manufactured MJ series multimedia speakers, 3 models of 5.1 multimedia speakers, 2 models of tower speakers, 4 models of 2.1 speakers, new models of sound bar systems by the end of the next quarter.Kalia said the company is targeting a growth of 30 per cent from the eastern region during this fiscal.Intex has presence in East India though six branch offices, 85 distributors, 4000 retailers and several other hypermarkets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16566836", "title": "Fewer shacks this season", "text": "PANAJI: A 10% reduction in shacks on congested beaches, installation of CCTV cameras, five deck beds per shack, no shacks on turtle nesting beaches are some of the main features of the beach shack policy approved by the cabinet on Wednesday.Speaking to media persons, chief minister Manohar Parrikar said the cabinet approved the beach shack policy as it was presented by the tourism department.\"There is 10% reduction in shacks in Calangute and Sinquerim and no shacks will be permitted on beaches identified as turtle nesting sites,\" Parrikar said, adding that after 6pm there will be no music or bright lights permitted near turtle nesting sites.This year 329 shacks will be allowed, of which 223 will be in North Goa and 106 in South Goa. The licence fee has been increased from 30,000 to 40,000 for 'A' category beaches (Calangute and Baga) and from 20,000 to 25,000 for 'B' type shacks. Application fees have been increased from 2,000 to 3,000, while the security deposit has been increased from 5,000 to 10,000.Parrikar also said that the size of shacks at Baga would be 12m by 8m, while elsewhere they would be 16m by 8m. \"CCTV installation is compulsory in shacks and those who do not install this within the stipulated time will have their licences cancelled,\" Parrikar said.He also said that transfer of shacks will not be permitted. \"If any person is found transferring licences, we will not give that person licences for a lifetime.\" He added that tourism department is identifying mechanism on how to find out whether shacks have been sub let.The policy permits five deck beds per shack and these should be placed within three metres of the shacks. \"Area will be demarcated to put up shacks,\" Parrikar said.The cabinet also decided to create a special task force under the assistant director who will be given executive powers and be provided with 200 policemen to remove all illegalities on beaches on a daily basis.Parrikar said that those who place deck beds on beaches sans licences can face up to three months imprisonment and so far tourism department has confiscated 300 deck beds which will be destroyed and then the wood auctioned as firewood.The policy also states that no foreigners shall be permitted to work in shacks without work visas. Shack timings will be from 7am to 11.30pm and no loud music shall be played beyond 10.00pm. The volume should be such that it can be heard only within the shack and not disturb others, the policy states.\"Shack should be restricted to within 15% to 20% of the beach area and rest of the beach should be kept open for public,\" Parrikar said.The chief minister added that the water sports policy will be ready within 8 to 10 days and that by December beaches will be cleaned and traffic bottle necks cleared. Some 250 policemen will be placed on traffic duty in tourism areas, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16563347", "title": "Jharkhand killer held in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: A murder accused from Jharkhand, who had holed up on the outskirts of Nalasopara, was arrested on Tuesday.Chatru Saav, known for his bike stunts and riding vehicles at high-speed, will be handed over to Chhatra police on a transit remand.\"On June 30, he shot an automobile showroom owner, Pankaj Gupta, in Jharkhand. Chatru's acquaintance Bablu Saav, who had a business rivalry with Gupta, had assigned the killing of Bablu Saav,\" said inspector Ravi Adane.Bablu gave a contract to Chatru and his aide, Sanjay Verma.Chatru had shot Gupta in the head from point blank range.While Verma and Bablu were arrested in Jharkhand, Chatru was on the run.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "16562334", "title": "Tigers caught in traps for herbivores in Gondmohadi, says forest official", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: After four months of investigations in to the sensational Gondmohadi tiger poaching, forest department claims to have cracked the case, albeit with a twist in the tale. While ruling out involvement of Baheliya poachers, officials concluded that the tigers were accidentally caught in the steel jaw traps installed by local poachers for herbivores. Of the five poachers arrested in the case, main accused Kushab Todase has confessed to laying the traps that had killed a semi-adult tiger and maimed another on April 26.The revelation came after inputs given by informers working in villages around Gondmohadi were woven together and analysed. The theory emerged out of intelligence gathering entirely ruled out the Baheliya poaching angle.Forest officers led by Palasgaon RFO, Rahul Sorte, then conducted raids to gather corroborating evidences which explains involvement of local poachers in the case.\"A gang of local poachers had laid Baheliya style steel jaw traps to poach herbivores on the game trails approaching waterhole in Gondmohadi jungle. However, two tigers accidentally got trapped on April 26,\" said deputy conservator of forest (Dy CF) P Kalyankumar.Since the incident led to huge uproar, the entire focus was on Baheliya gangs which allowed the local poachers to slip into hiding.The breakthrough came after investigators started exploring the local angle. Kalyankumar explained that Baheliya poachers from Katni were active in this part of the jungle between 1999 and 2001. They had poached a tiger near Ubha Gota waterhole in this area with a steel trap. \"They fled after one of their accomplices Siddhe Singh was arrested but left the steel jaw traps behind in the jungle. These were later recovered by local poachers,\" he said.On the basis of this piece of information, Tanoji Hanvate and Motiram Dadmal from Devri were arrested on September 3 and several wire snares recovered from their possession. Dadmal confessed to recovering the steel traps of Baheliya poachers from the jungle.One of their accomplices Shriram Atram of Madnapur was arrested on September 6 and a defunct steel trap, similar to the one used in Gondmohadi poaching, was recovered from his possession. Atram also gave information about Manohar Dhurve from Bellara, who was arrest on September 12, and two wire traps and several bones of wild boars were recovered from his possession.Dhurve's arrest led investigators to main accused Kushab Todase from Gondmohadi, who was arrested on September 22. Surprisingly, Todase turned out to be a helper (forest labourer) of forest guard of Gondmohadi beat, MD Todase.Kalyankumar said, \"Todase has confessed of installing the steel jaw traps with Dhurve's help for poaching herbivores, but unfortunately it killed a tiger and maimed another.\" Hanvate, Dadmal and Atram provided these traps, he added.He further explained that, there is practice of Padva celebration in rural area after marriages or key festivals. There was a marriage in village Gondmohadi on April 25, a day before poaching and one other marriage had taken place in Bellara. Prompted to celebrate Padva,They had borrowed the traps from other accused to catch herbivores for celebrating Padva, he added.During interrogation, the accused told officials that these steel traps are easy to use and cannot be detected in the jungle without a metal detector. They use to put into the game trails. As herbivores move in herd there is always strong possibility of one or two getting trapped in the steel jaw traps.They have confessed of poaching many herbivores with these traps, claimed Kalyankumar.Kalyankumar informed that accused Todase has been removed from the services. Similarly, forest guard Zade has been placed under suspension and departmental inquiry has been initiated against him.RFO Sorte, under guidance from DFO Raju Dhabekar and ACF Arun Tikhe, investigated the case, he added.Flash backThe sensational Gondmohadi poaching incident of April 26 had rattled the entire forest department. A semi-adult tiger was killed and one other adult tiger was seriously injured after being trapped in separate steel jaw traps. As poaching pattern initially suggested involvement of Baheliya gangs, entire forest department was put on high alert. Entire jungle in Chandrapur was searched with the metal detectors for steel tiger traps and every waterhole was monitored by two men day and night for next many months. Even shoot at sight orders in jungle were issued against the poachers by forest department.Forest minister Patangrao Kadam, MNS supreme Raj Thakeray, NTCA member secretary Rajesh Gopal, principal secretary (forest) Pravin Pardeshi were a few dignitaries who visited Gondmohadi poaching site after the incident. Raj Thakeray in-fact declared prize of Rs 5 lakh for forest officers who shoots the poacher and Rs 2 lakh prize for those who provides accurate information about the poachers. Bucking under the mounting pressure forest minister had declared CID probe into Gondmohadi tiger poaching case, but unfortunately CID investigation never began.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16565573", "title": "Finally, funds for Budge Budge flyover", "text": "KOLKATA: After five long years, central funds have finally been released for the Budge Budge flyover, the city's first such project on the PPP mode.Come January and you could brace for some more construction work near Taratala along with the ongoing one for Metro. Don't be disheartened. Another two years and the pain would be over allowing you to zip down to Alipore from Batanagar in 10 minutes flat.Last month, when North Block was in between finance ministers, the Mamata Banerjee government managed to bag the first of the four installments for the 7.4km flyover scheduled to come up between Brace Bridge and Budge Budge.The Centre will share 35 % (Rs 87 crore) of the total cost of Rs 248 crore. The private builder will recover his cost from tolling.Expressions of interest (EOIs) have already been invited for designing, building and operating the toll road - the first such venture in downtown Kolkata. Vivek Bharadwaj, chief executive officer (CEO), Kolkata Metropolitan Development Authority (KMDA), said, \"The flyover will link the city's newest developing area which has some major real estate townships coming up.\"Apart from up-market, flashy townships, some government housing projects are also lined up for the area.Sudip Dutta, senior vice-president of the state-run ILMFS Infrastructure Development Corporation Limited, which is the project's transaction adviser, dispelled apprehensions of bus and truck operators having to cough up cash every time they plied the route.\"The main road or the Budge Budge Trunk Road will be widened as part of the project. So, an everyday user is free to travel the two-lane road at the grade level without paying any cost. Those in a hurry will have the choice of zipping through the flyover for a toll. Thus, the road link will be less crowded as half the traffic could spill over underneath,\" he said. The intermittent pavement will also be developed for the sake of pedestrians.The flyover project had been struck off during the Left Front government's tenure. But , chairman of Mahestala Municipality, Dulal Das, started lobbying for the project ever since the Trinamool Congress took over the municipality in 2010. Finally, PWD, which owns Budge Budge Trunk Road, gave its nod. But then, the Union finance ministry sat on the file.KMDA hopes to clinch the long pending PPP deal in December and initiate construction by January. \"With the flyover, a holistic development of the area will be under way. KMDA has already started water supply and drainage projects for Budge Budge,\" said Bharadwaj.An elated Das told TOI, \"The flyover is very important for this part of the city. Three municipalities - Mahestala, Budge Budge and Pujali - are fast undergoing urbanisation. To keep up with the pace, the flyover is crucial. About 12 lakh people will be benefited. It will also help them reach the Metro in very less time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16565452", "title": "Mamata rolls out rural poll strategy", "text": "KOLKATA: The Mamata Banerjee government is going all out to prepare for the panchayat elections. Though the polls are tentatively scheduled for March-April next year, the government wants to ensure that all rural projects, both at the block and panchayat level, get implemented with immediate effect.The chief minister is also supposed to hold another round of district review meetings at Howrah and South 24-Parganas from Friday.The Mamata Banerjee government has already started to gear up for the coming panchayat elections. Though the polls are scheduled to take place around March-April next year, the government does not want to leave any stone unturned to see that all rural works in the block and panchayat level gets implemented fast. The chief minister is slated to go for another round of district review meeting this weekend from Friday at Howrah and South 24- Parganas.Last week, Mamata Banerjee had held a meeting with the new BDOs and on Monday this week, she convened another meeting with the district magistrates. She instructed the officials to work on the rural projects and gear up for the panchayat elections as soon as possible. Senior government officials said that the CM wants everyone to be ready for an early panchayat election.The chief minister had instructed district magistrates to look into the process of identifying seats that will be reserved for OBCs and take care of the delimitation process.In her meeting with the new BDOs, Mamata told them to ensure that solve the various issues look into various areas in the block level which require transparency, asking the BDOs to see thatthe BPL list and voter identity cards are prepared with transparency. She had also asked them to lay emphasis on the 100-days' work under the NREGA scheme so that the work days could be increased. Besides, allegations of irregularities reported from the mid-day meal schemes had to be taken care of, the chief minister ordered.were also asked to be probed along side to look into the issue of mid-day meals from where allegations of several irregularities have been reportedOfficials said that more such review meetings will be organized to take stock of the progress of work. The labour department was also looking into proper distribution of the Samajik Mukti cards for the workers of the unemployed sector.The state PWD and the panchayat and rural affairs departments are attending to various aspects of rural development on instructions of Mamata. The PWD is working in full swing to execute the schemes under the Backward Region Grant Fund (BRGF) in which a total of 141 road schemes will be executed utilising about Rs 1475 crore. The PWD has already given work order of 136 schemes. The state government is also working on upgrading all the rural roads of the state for which the state government is slated to receive Rs 900 crore from the Asian Development Bank. The West Bengal Highway Development Corporation Limited that was formed earlier this year is also working to upgrade and develop the state highways - all keeping in mind the coming panchayat polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16564655", "title": "Fresh trouble at Jhabua Power Plant", "text": "BHOPAL: The 600 MW thermal power plant being constructed by Jhabua Power at village Barela under tehsil Ghansore of Seoni district is not likely to meet the deadline for production. The plant has been mired in controversies right from the beginning about three years ago, which till now have refused to die. The recent has been a workers strike on Wednesday. Close to about 1,000 workers went on a flash strike demanding proper security and better working conditions. They have submitted memorandum to the town inspector of Ghansore.As per the memorandum singed between Jhabua Power and the sate government the plant in question should commence production by March 2013. The plant, however, is far from complete.According to sources the plant has been facing opposition from the local residents right from the beginning. Earlier it had to stiff resistance from farmers over land acquisition. The installed capacity of the plant will be 1260 MW after completion and the first unit of 600 MW is currently under construction. The plant will draw water from the Bargi reservoir. Here too, the plant is facing opposition from farmers of Bagdari village from whose land the pipeline is passing through to the plant 10 km away. The farmers have alleged inadequate compensation and high handedness by the plant authorities and have been staging protests for quite some time now.To add to the woes of the plant the workers have alleged that the security guards have been misbehaving with them. When the matter was brought to the notice of the plant management, it was decided to issue identity cards to the workers. And here the trouble began, as the said cards were issued by the security company, while the workers demanded that the cards should be issued by Jhabua Power, to which the plant management did not agree.Workers representatives met plant authorities Tuesday evening to discuss the matter of the identity cards. They also demanded that the plant management should take responsibility should any mishap occur with any worker at the site, cleanliness in workers colony and decent toilet facilities for women workers. Their talks, however, failed.Repeated attempts to contact Vikramjit Das, general manager, Jhabua Power Plant, Barela, Ghansore failed as his cell (08889966339) was switched off. Receptionist Prahlad Kumar at the plant refused to put the call through to any official concerned, saying that they are busy in meeting. He also said that the general manager did not come to the plant on Wednesday.Ghansore town inspector Ramdas Barthi confirmed the strike by workers and also receiving the memorandum from them and said that he would forward it to the higher authorities for further action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16564326", "title": "Local residents came to the rescue of victims", "text": "PUNE: Some residents of Saiduttanagar played a crucial role in saving the people trapped under the collapsed building.\"The moment I understood the gravity of the situation , I dialled 101 and 100 and called emergency rescue teams to the site. The police and fire brigade reached the site within 15 minutes of the unfortunate incident,\" said Archana More, who lives in Deshpande Chawl, opposite the ill-fated building.More was assisted by Kavita Shetty who also made calls to bring emergency rescue teams to the site.\"The building crashed at 1.40 pm when most of the labourers where having lunch. At 1.45 pm, I dialled 100 and asked for help. I made the second call on 100 at 1.50 pm. Both police and fire brigade officials rushed to the site within 15 minutes,\" said Shettty who also stays in Deshpande Chawl.The first cry of help came from a 30-year-old labourer who was trapped under the broken slabs. Ravindra Sonawane, a rickshaw driver rescued her by lifting the broken slabs with the help of a few others. \"The woman was badly injured from below her waist. We rushed her to a nearby hospital. We also heard cries of girls from under the debris. But after a minute or two, all their cries stopped,\" said Sonawane.Most of the labourers at the collapsed building belong to the Lamani tribal community.Ganga Pawar, a labourer, considers herself very lucky as she had come out of the building a minute before the crash.\"After finishing the work, I had come out of the building. I was only 10 steps away from it when the building collapsed,\" said Ganga.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "chief election commissioner v s sampath talks tough and vows to ensure that upcoming elections in gujarat are free of malicious comments. the cec's assertion comes close on the heels of narendra modi invoking rahul gandhi's italian roots. \"rahul is not a national leader but an international leader and he can contest elections in india as well as in italy,\" modi has recently said during his vivekanand youth convention. in an exclusive interview with rohan dua of toi, the cec says the model code of conduct is soon going be enforced and it will be ruthless. excerpts", "code": "16563834", "title": "Gujarat polls will be free of comments like Maut ka saudagar, also jibes on descent: CEC ahead of Gujarat polls", "text": "Chief Election Commissioner V S Sampath talks tough and vows to ensure that upcoming elections in Gujarat are free of malicious comments. The CEC's assertion comes close on the heels of Narendra Modi invoking Rahul Gandhi's Italian roots. \"Rahul is not a national leader but an international leader and he can contest elections in India as well as in Italy,\" Modi has recently said during his Vivekanand Youth Convention. In an exclusive interview with Rohan Dua of TOI, the CEC says the model code of conduct is soon going be enforced and it will be ruthless. Excerpts:War of words between political leaders from across party lines has become ugly since monsoon session of Parliament. With a short time available for upcoming elections, how is EC gearing up to control the inflammatory speeches that may incite voters during Gujarat and Himachal Pradesh polls?The model code of conduct is soon going be enforced. And believe me it will be ruthless. The commission is not going to tolerate any violation. Let me make it abundantly clear that whether the comments are seditious like Maut ka saudagar or rabid jibes questioning someone's descent or colour they would not be tolerated by the commission. Criticism of aspects of private life is not acceptable under the code. We'll crack the whip wherever there is a violation. Strong action will be taken and EC is fully equipped to handle such situations.So, would EC have taken its gloves off if the recent jibe made by Gujarat CM Narendra Modi at Rahul Gandhi came during the code?If this comment was made during the model code of conduct, we would have slapped a notice to the leader concerned. The problem is that people take the liberty to say so many things when the code is not in place. If the code had been placed, these people would not be making these comments. Of course, there is no guarantee.The other problem is that we may issue a notice and the leaders concerned may reply to us pleading innocence. We had faced two such cases in the past. One when JD(U) leader Sharad Yadav had hit out at Rahul Gandhi at a rally during Bihar polls in 2010, saying he should be dunked in the Ganga.Second, when a petition was filed against a leader for commenting about DMK family members during the 2011 Tamil Nadu elections after the 2G row. In both cases, the leaders replied that they were misunderstood. So, what the Gujarat CM remarked may tantamount to sarcasm even after our notice.In essence is the commission toothless?If we were a toothless weapon, why did law minister Salman Khurshid react so much during the UP elections? Why did he write back to us seeking to end the stand-off after saying the poll panel was under the government's control. Why did Punjab CM Parkash Badal react after we enforced the strict rules in that state? No one can undermine EC's constitutional status. The effect of EC can be devastating on the campaign of a candidate. Also, when the media takes up the cause.Our job just does not end with the notice. We have the full right to invoke the Indian Penal Code and take the criminal action and reprimand the person. The Varun Gandhi case is still pending before the court.Are you being extra-cautious on some constituencies in Gujarat?Completely. We have been getting regular intelligence reports on anti-social elements planning to stoke up violence there. Gujarat is a border state. We don't want to leave anything to chance. Paramilitary forces will soon be moving in there.Where else is EC tightening its noose?We are taking all possible measures to curb means of influence or money power. Expenditure observers will be all over the place. Bats or balls, once the code is in place, no leaders would be able to distribute any freebies.Any reform you are planning to bar leaders booked for criminal cases?We have been demanding barring of leaders with criminal cases. However, unless proven guilty, we can't bar anyone from contesting.How and when are you planning to hold the elections?Most political parties in Himachal have independently requested the commission to hold elections before the state starts receiving its first snowfall. So it could be somewhere in November. The Gujarat polls are going to be conducted in two phases and the first phase may coincide with the Himachal polls. At present, we have thought of conducting it in a single phase.For QuoteThe model code of conduct is soon going be enforced. And believe me it will be ruthless. The commission is not going to tolerate any violation. Let me make it abundantly clear that whether the comments are seditious like Maut ka saudagar or rabid jibes questioning someone's descent or colour they would not be tolerated by the commission. Criticism of aspects of private life is not acceptable under the code. We'll crack the whip wherever there is a violation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16564553", "title": "All-women toll plaza to open on October 1", "text": "NASHIK: The all-women toll plaza near Pimpalgaon-Baswant on the Mumbai-Agra national highway is all set to become operational from October 1.PNG Tollway Private Limited is all set to start toll collection from motorists for use of the 60 km-stretch of Pimpalgaon-Nashik-Gonde on the highway. The toll plaza created at Pimpalgoan is an all-women toll plaza, said to be the first women's toll plaza in the country. As many as 108 women will be on duty in three shifts at the toll plaza in the capacity of toll collector, toll inspector, lane assistant, toll supervisor, toll auditor, cashier, house keeping, peons and some as security guards. Sources from PNGTL said the company has employed women from towns and villages near the toll plaza and some from Nashik city for its operations. A large number of women employed are from Pimpalgaon and Kokangaon. The women have been given sufficient training for their respective duties and are waiting for the operations of toll collection to start. The toll collection could have started a month earlier, however, a man filed a petition in the Bombay High court on August 22. The petition was dismissed by the high court following which the toll collection will now begin from October 1.Apart from the women employees, there will also be male security personnel. The plaza will be monitored by closed circuit television cameras and GPRS controlled vehicles will be used for picking and dropping women employees to their homes.Authorities of the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) said toll collection will only be for completed work and would not include the fee for usage of the elevated corridor. Once work on the highway and elevated corridor is complete, the toll fee would be revised. Taking into account problems at toll collection centres, initially, the NHAI had approached the rural police of the district to provide security at the Pimpalgaon toll plaza for the initial two weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16565579", "title": "Brace for power cut from today", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The state on Wednesday gave permission to Kerala State Electricity Board (KSEB) to introduce one hour load shedding to tide over power shortage. The load shedding will be split into two modules of 30 minutes in the morning and evening.KSEB would seek Kerala State Regulatory Commission's clearance on Thursday. \"We hope the commission to give permission to start load shedding on Thursday itself. It is being introduced as part of the efforts to minimize the use of water in hydel stations, especially in Idukki reservoir. Unless we bring down the use of water from Idukki reservoir, the state would plunge into a crisis in the coming months,'' a top official in the board told TOI.At present, KSEB generates around 6 mu of power from Idukki. It plans to cut this down to 3 mu and continue power generation in Idukki up to next April.The load shedding is expected to help the KSEB to reduce power consumption by 2.5 mu a day.Chief minister Oommen Chandy said the government was left with no other option to deal with the power shortage as a result of truant monsoon.The state is receiving the maximum allotted power from the central pool. But poor monsoon, closure of some power plants for annual maintenance and shortage of coal have led to a drastic cut in central share to Kerala. Though the state had been receiving around 26 MW power from central pool, it has come down to 19 MW recently.KSEB has asked the government to impose 25% power cut for high tension and extra high tension consumers. For those domestic consumers who are using more than 200 units of power a month, the board has recommended a higher tariff. It is learnt that the government has approved the step and a final decision would be taken after consulting the state regulatory commission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16572441", "title": "I\u2019m happy to act in multi-starrers: Bhavana", "text": "She is arguably one of the most sought-after actresses in the South. Yet, actress Bhavana says she is only happy to play her part in multi-starrers.While her recent two releases in Mollywood - actor-turned-director Madhupal's Ozhimuri and director V K Prakash's Anoop Menon-Jayasurya starrer - have her acting alongside many stars, Bhavana says she has no qualms if her role will be sidelined.\"If you take into consideration these flicks, you'll see that my roles in both the films are prominent. I had only three days of shoot in VKP's flick; that doesn't mean that my part has been downplayed,\" says Bhavana, adding, \"The same applies for Ozhimuri too. Which is why I battled with the scorching heat in Nagercoil for the shoot even as I was busy with my Kannada films,\" says Bhavana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16563971", "title": "Maharashtra urban development department to shift to GT hospital campus", "text": "MUMBAI: Personnel of the state urban development department (UDD) will shift to the G T hospital campus where the public health department has already shifted since the Mantralaya fire. The UDD is currently working out of CR 2 (UDD I), which is owned by the MMRDA and Nirmal Bhavan (UDD II) at Nariman Point, owned by the Cidco.There was a proposal to shift the department to the MTNL building near Mantralaya, for which it was provided 8,500 sq feet on the seventh floor. However, in the GT building, the department will be provided 10,375 sq feet of space on the fourth and fifth floors. The general administration department, which allocates space, had directed the UDD to take possession of the premises and shift immediately. But officials said it would take at least a month as furniture would need to be brought and space allocated to various offices within UDD.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16564835", "title": "Complaints never end at BJP Janta Durbar", "text": "RANCHI: \"I am very popular in Ramgarh, just give me one motorbike and a ticket (to contest election) from the constituency. I promise you to bag the seat by defeating Chandra Prakash Choudhary (the Ajsu minister in the Munda government) and make the BJP happy.\" This was one of the several demands raised at a Janta Durbar of social welfare and tourism minister Vimla Pradhan at the BJP headquarters on Wednesday.While the ticket aspirant was told by the minister to become the primary member of the party first, Maya Devi of Ranchi was assured of a job after Pradhan listened to her woes.Nearly 40 applications were submitted at the BJP office at the Janta Durbar. Party spokesman Gama Singh said it was because of Karma Puja, a tribal festival, that the turnout was relatively less.Parikshit Mahato of Sonahatu village in Bundu subdivision requested the minister to get a boundary wall constructed around the traditional mela ground of his village. Going one step ahead, he also requested to get one temple constructed there. The minister, however, obliged him with an assurance of the boundary wall but refused to construct a temple saying that it was beyond government provisions.Vinay Kumar Sharma, a resident of Giridih, came up with a request to declare important religious places in the district as places of tourist interest, while Chanchal Toppo of Baariatu area in Ranchi came with documents after he was denied a government job on humanitarian ground after the death of his father. Giving a patient hearing, Pradhan forwarded his application to the department concerned.A coordinator of Janta Durbar Sushil Dubey said a variety of grievances and complaints came to the forum. \"We try to segregate these complaints and put up those which concern the people. However some of the personal problems are also addressed in the durbar,\" he said.This was the sixth durbar during the past few months. The BJP has made special arrangements for holding durbars by one its ministers every month. After the August durbar of agriculture minister Satyanand Jha Batul, it was the turn of HRD minister Baijnath Ram. But as he was sick, Pradhan was asked to hear the public for the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "16564539", "title": "Government, bank staff caught in agricultural scam net", "text": "SAMBALPUR: Police on Wednesday claimed to have blown the lid off a money-siphoning racket in the agriculture department with the arrest of eight persons. The accused included two government employees and two staff of private banks.Sambalpur SP Nikhil Kanodia said around Rs 40 lakh was withdrawn from the department's account in agriculture development branch of SBI in Sambalpur on different occasions. The transactions were conducted without the knowledge of the agriculture department's deputy director, who is the authorized signatory of the account.\"Our investigation revealed that two staff of the agriculture department, Sanjib Dash and Prafulla Sahu, had withdrawn the money by forging the deputy director's signatures. The duo had also deposited cash amounting of about Rs.13,27,160 on three occasions to avoid any suspicion by bank officials. An employee of ING Vaisya, Amit Chandak, and a staff of HDFC , Amit Sahu, helped the accused to transfer Rs 15 lakh to the local branches of the private banks,\" the SP said. \"The accused have confessed everything and we have recovered cash of about Rs 12 lakh and bank deposits from them. We have also seized a motorcycle purchased from the stolen money. A court has remanded the accused to judicial custody,\" he added.The four other accused were identified as Sanjib Dehury, Prafulla Dash, Sumit Arjual and Kumar Parmar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16563058", "title": "Matka king kin held in Gujarat 'contract killing' case", "text": "MUMBAI: Vinod Bhagat, brother of slain matka king Suresh Bhagat, was picked up by Ahmedabad police on Tuesday over in connection with an alleged contract killing case in Gujarat.Sources said that Bhagat was picked up after the three accused arrested by the Ahmedabad crime branch spilled the beans.On Saturday the crime branch had arrested three persons identified as Ramvir Sharma, Sukvinder Gujar and Bashir Bhagani alias Mama from Thatlej area in Ahmedabad. Police had recovered a country made pistol from them and during interrogation they 'revealed' that they were send by Bhagat to kill Ghanshyam Dolia, a Gujarat based matka operator.The rivalrly between Bhagat and Dolia is over control of the Rs 200 crore matka business.There are reports that while Bhagat is running the Kalyan matka business, Dolia along with Jaya Cheddah's brother Kiran Cheddah is running the main matka business in Gujarat.Cheddah is wanted by the Lonawala police. It's a frame up case. My Uncle has always exposed those involved in the matka business and hence the people involved in the business have fixed him in a false case,'' said a close relative on condition of anonymity.Interestingly Bhagat was arrested in 2011 for staging an attack on self. Police had later arrested him for possession of arms act. Bhagat is also fighting the case to get conviction for all 9 accused including Suresh Bhagat's estrange wife Jaya and her son Hitesh who have been booked under the MCOCA act for killing Suresh Bhagat.Suresh Bhagat was killed in an orchestrated accident in Alibaug in 2008 which was hatched by Jaya and her son Hitesh Bhagat alias Chintoo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16563030", "title": "Majlis Ittehadul Muslimeen to explore new territories", "text": "HYDERABAD: Confined so far to its stronghold in the Old City, the All India Majlis Ittehadul Muslimeen (AIMIM) is now keenly looking northwards to make inroads into the other parts of the city. Stepping out of its comfort zone, the party is busy beefing up its cadre in areas such as Jubilee Hills and Secunderabad. Significantly, joining the party's rank and file in these areas are a good number of non-Muslims.Over the last couple of years, there has been a gradual but substantial growth in MIM cadre in areas including Erragadda, Banjara Hills, Jubilee Hills, Rajendernagar and Musheerabad. \"There is an estimated 15% rise in party numbers, mainly non-Muslims. Many newly inducted members are SCs and BCs. The MIM has always tried to be inclusive in its approach,\" says a party person.Fuelling the party's interest in other areas of Hyderabad is the fact that it sits comfortably on its turf, the Old City, where it does not have a strong opponent. While the BJP is decimated here, the spirited opposition that Zahid Ali Khan, editor of Siasat daily, gave MIM remained an appreciated effort but could not really counter it at the hustings. Besides, with assembly constituencies like Charminar, Karwan, Bahadurpura, Chandrayangutta, Yakutpura and Malakpet in Hyderabad parliamentary constituency already being represented by MIM MLAs, it was only natural that they started focussing on the new city, point out political observers.To many, MIM stepping out of the Old City appears as inevitable as residents of this part of Hyderabad leaving it for new parts of the city. A sizeable number of citizens, many of them MIM voters, have migrated from the Old City to areas like Toli Chowki that comes under Jubilee Hills assembly constituency. Besides, Jubilee Hills constituency even otherwise has pockets of sizeable minority population, making it only pertinent for the party to make its presence felt here, political observers added.Apart from Jubilee Hills constituency, Khairatabad constituency too has a significant Muslim population. Another observer said, \"With the support of the Congress, the MIM can cut into 15% votes of the main opposition candidate. It will be interesting to see how things will take shape in constituencies like Khairtabad with YSRCP's Vijaya Reddy there. Further, there are chances of the AIMIM emerging strong in Rajendernagar from where its candidate had contested in 2009 and came third with over 23,000 votes.\"An observer said that apart from voicing the concerns of minorities, the party has now busied itself with development issues which have state-wide implications more than before.The non-Muslim cadre and party expansion plans are means to the same end, they said.\"Akbaruddin Owaisi has been talking about irrigation, drought, government indecision on Telengana and wastage of time in stalling assembly proceedings. This is a marked change from only debating civic issues, identity of Muslims and their socio-economic backwardness,\" said an analyst.In fact, MIM's demand of the three acre Mahavir Hospital facility at AC Guards for setting up a branch of the Deccan College of Medical Sciences is being perceived as an attempt to set base in the new city. \"The party wants to reach out to people in this part of the city which is why apart from the three acres, the 13 acres for its various trusts are being demanded,\" an analyst said.Hyderabad MP Asaduddin Owaisi downplays MIM's forays into other areas or even the induction of non-Muslims in its cadre. \"Political leadership across SCs and BCs has little chance of growth. It is a benami leadership. The Muslim vote in Khairatabad and elsewhere will always be crucial. We have always been inclusive but a lot more has do be done and we will do it. We have never been a radical party.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16562766", "title": "Law breakers can't continue as elected representatives: High court", "text": "NAGPUR: Rejecting the petition of a Gram Panchayat member from Pune, who was disqualified for having encroached upon on government land, Bombay High Court has ruled, \"wrongdoers, law breakers shouldn't continue as elected representatives\".\"It is not in public interest that a wrongdoer or law breaker derives any benefit or advantage of his illegal or wrongful act and continues as an elected representative of a unit of local self government. That would be a wrong or bad precedent before the people,\" a single-judge bench of Justice SC Dharmadhikari observed.\"The provisions (in Bombay Village Panchayats Act, 1958) are enacted in public interest and to protect them from the activities of undesirable persons. They protect and safeguard against evil or wrongful and immoral acts. Hence, it is for public good that their elected representatives are not tainted or immoral or wrongdoers,\" the judge added before dismissing Dnyaneshwar Satav's plea.\"Equally, when the object and purpose is to discourage and prohibit all such persons who have indulged in illegal and wrongful acts from holding an elected office in a unit of local self government such as a village panchayat, then accepting petitioner's arguments would defeat the same,\" the court said.Satav from Kharabwadi village in Pune's Khed town had challenged the additional commissioner's orders disqualifying him from the post of Gram Panchayat member on December 20 last year, as per Bombay Village Panchayats Act, 1958, for allegedly encroaching upon government's land. Earlier, the collector disqualified him for constructing a house, lavatory and Gobar gas plant on the village grazing land under control of the government. Subsequently, he was disabled from continuing as a Gram Panchayat member.Satav had contested Gram Panchayat polls in June 2010 from general category. During scrutiny, objections were raised by contestant Jalindhar Kharabi about Satav allegedly encroaching upon the government property. However, those were rejected and Satav won the polls. Kharabi then filed an application before collector contending that Satav should be disabled from continuing as a member on the ground that he had encroached upon public property. Accordingly, the collector disqualified him after verifying facts and commissioner endorsed this decision.Satav denied the allegations in his petition stating that his father and cousin were residing on this land since 1965 and had constructed houses and cowsheds. He contended that queries like eligibility should be raised only during scrutiny of nomination papers and thereafter in an election petition. He prayed for setting aside commissioner's orders disqualifying him.\"If the application filed by the Kharabi is perused in its entirety, it does not only set out the objections that have been raised at the stage of scrutiny of the nomination papers, but equally highlights the fact that there was no enquiry nor a detailed scrutiny into these allegations. Therefore, the petitioner can be held to be disabled to continue as member if the question of his disability is gone into and decided by the collector,\" the judge ruled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16562626", "title": "HMDA gives its nod for Science City", "text": "HYDERABAD: Proposals for development of Science City and setting up Hyderabad Habitat Centre were cleared by the Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) during its executive committee (EC) meeting here on Wednesday.The executive committee, which met under the chairmanship of HMDA commissioner Neerabh Kumar Prasad, also approved proposals to set up a cell and transportation &amp; communication cell within the HMDA jurisdiction.The EC also decided to take up new 'transit oriented development' (TOD) in Moosapet, Saroornagar and Khanmet. The committee has approved guidelines for development of awarding &amp; monitoring PPP projects and asked HMDA to submit them to the government for approval.The EC members also decided to delegate development control powers of the HMDA to newly-formed Shadnagar municipality.It has decided to submit proposals of the APSRTC for construction of bus depots and bus stations in the HMDA area to the consultants conducting the Comprehensive Transportation Study (CTS) for the HMDA area so that proper bus services could be provided in urban areas of Hyderabad metropolitan region.The EC directed the chief engineer to expedite the RoB in Kukatpally in co-ordination with the railways. It noted that the proposal for development of a new ROB near Sanjeevaiah Park connecting Necklace Road to SP Road was in consideration of APUFIDC and administrative sanction for development of Uppal Bhagath land was expected shortly from the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16564229", "title": "Indore Development Authority forms committee for new railway station", "text": "INDORE: Indore Development Authority (IDA) has decided to form a committee to look into the feasibility of constructing a new railway station at Kumedi village on MR-10. The decision to this effect was taken during its board meeting held on Wednesday. The new committee will submit its report within one and a half month.The master plan for Indore has reserved 300 acre land at the village for construction of a new railway station. To discuss the matter, IDA officials held a meeting with members of the railway board on Monday. Sources said, the railway board has raised certain queries including cost sharing of project.IDA CEO Deepak Singh said that the railway board raised several queries. It sought to know weather the land for development of the station will be given free of cost to the railway or will it have to shell out money for it and weather IDA will share the cost of developing the new railway station. It also offered to develop the station on PPP basis on the lines of the development of the Navi Mumbai railway station.Singh said that the railway board has said that they can develop a small additional station on around 15 acre land and full-fledged Indore railway station can be developed on 25 to 30 acre land. In addition, if the railway station is shifted to the proposed site, it will have to connect with Ratlam which will cost around Rs 250 crore.IDA official said that currently, land is not in possession of the IDA and it will have to acquire land and pay compensation to farmers. IDA can share the cost only if it is allowed to use the remaining land for commercial purpose. The committee will explore whether commercial use of the remaining land will be viable. The committee will try to find out answers to queries of the railway board and thereafter the board will decide about its further course of action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16565574", "title": "Couple found murdered in Kodimbala", "text": "MANGALORE: Dakshina Kannada district police has its hand full with another double murder reported in its limits in less than a week, this time at Kodimbala under Kadaba police station limits. While Belthangady police discovered bludgeoned bodies of siblings at Dharmasthala on September 20, police woke up on Wednesday to news of an equally gruesome murder of a planter and his wife with their throats slit in their house in Kodimbala. Police identified the victims as Baby Thomas, 50, and Mary Thomas, 45, his second wife. Thomas of Wayanad district had purchased around four acres of plantation in Kodimbala and moved in to a house on the plantation with Mary, whom he married four months ago, after the demise of his first wife. Thomas has three children from his first marriage including two sons and a daughter, while Mary, a widower has a daughter from her first marriage. Superintendent of Police Abhishek Goyal, who visited the crime scene told TOI that while the body of Mary was found inside the house, Thomas was found dead on the front passenger seat of a Maruti 800 car. \"Thomas was discovered with just his lungi on,\" the SP said, adding that the car key was on the ignition indicating that Thomas might have tried to escape from his assailants. He was last seen alive around 7.30pm on Tuesday, he noted. Noting that the assailants had rifled through the house, SP said it could be a murder for gain. \"We are also probing if there is any other motive(s) for the incident,\" he said, adding since there were no signs of any forced entry, it could indicate involvement of people known to the couple. \"We will know if any valuables are missing only after the children of the victims arrive,\" said MN Anucheth, assistant superintendent of police, Puttur sub-division.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16563669", "title": "Man gives SIM card in \u2018bonda\u2019 to brother at court, arrested", "text": "CHENNAI: A man was arrested at a magistrate's court in Thiruvottiyur on Tuesday for handing over a 'bonda' with a SIM card concealed inside to his brother, an accused in a bomb-throwing case.Bilky Raja was being produced before the magistrate when his brother Veera handed over the snack. Even as Raja was about to bite into it, the police personnel escorting him seized it and found the SIM card inside.On June 24, Bilky Raja and seven others arrived in two share autorickshaws to the house of notorious history-sheeter C Dhanasekar in Anna Sivagami Nagar, Ennore and hurled country bombs at the residence in an attempt to eliminate him. Dhanasekar, who is said to be involved in several cases of murder and robbery, was injured in the attack. Two days later, police arrested Bilky Raja, Ramesh, Kalidas and Saravanan and Mohan.On Tuesday, when police came to court with Bilky Raja Veera came there. After pleading with police for a while to be allowed to meet his brother, he handed over a bonda in a polythene cover to Bilky Raja. Police, who became suspicious, checked the polythene cover but returned it as they did not find anything inside. Then, as Raja went ahead and was about to consume the snack police snatched it and split it open to find the SIM card. Seeing this, Veera tried to escape but police chased and caught him.Police are now questioning him to find out why he tried to give his brother the SIM card.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16563465", "title": "Golf not just a man's game, say city women", "text": "GURGAON: City-based woman golfer Nalini Singh Siwach's clinching of the Hero-DLF GCC trophy, the fifth leg of the Hero-WGAI Tour last week, and city-based veteran golfer Smriti Mehra and Vani Kapoor, who was till recently India's top amateur, getting tied for second position, has once again showed that golf comes good to Gurgaon women. Siwach, whose home course is the DLF Golf and Country, overcame the nervousness of two double bogeys on the front nine and held her nerve in the closing stages with one birdie and five pars in the last six holes for a card of 75, Nalini totalled 217, four clear of Smriti Mehra (80) and Vani Kapoor (72), who were tied for second at 221. Neha Tripathi (74) was fourth at 227, while Saaniya Sharma (80) slipped to fifth at 229 and Meghna Bal (75) ended sixth at 232. It was the season's first win for Nalini, who is coached by Anitya Chand, also the coach for Kapoor. \"It feels nice to finally win after coming close many times and it becomes even better because this is my home course,\" said an elated Siwach, who was second last week. She was also third on two earlier occasions. For Kapoor it was her second runner-up finish and she has one win. In five events, there have been four winners, with only Mehra winning twice. With Mehra dropping from the top with a horrendous run of three bogeys followed by a quadruple bogey on the par-3 16th, Nalini just had to ensure she made no similar costly mistakes. Smriti ended with an 80 to be in a tie for second with Vani. Talking about her plans, Siwach said, \"I just want to remain focused. The neck-and-neck competition and the pressure we play under in these tours is an advantage. My aim is to play in the European Tour.\" Siwach said that while the number of women golf events has risen, the number of girls taking up the sport is not going up. \"I am lucky that I am based in this city where I get to practise in an international standard golf course like the DLF Golf Course. In Gurgaon there is no lack of facilities with a lot of surrounding golf courses but in other places there is which is one reason why women who even %want to take up golf are not able to,\" said Siwach. \"We need more girls not just playing golf but playing the game at high levels. They need to understand %that they can make a career out of it,\" she added. Siwach said given that golf is an expensive game, there should be more sponsors and scholarships for women in the sport. \"There must be several talented girls out there but they do not have the means. I could take up the sport as my father was in the Army and I had the opportunity but many do not have that,\" she said. \"The government should come up with more golf courses around the country. Infact it should start giving salaries to the players because ultimately if you don't make money out %of it no one will come forward,\" she added. Siwach said while they put in the same amount of hard work as the men golfers but when it comes to prize money at the end of the day, women still have some catching up to do. \"Compared to men, the prize money is much less. Though it is coming up, we still want it to grow and for that you need a lot of girls to come into golf,\" she said. Vani Kapoor, 18, who is in the first year of her professional golf., agreed. \"There need to be more women playing golf than the number of events. More the players, better the money that will come into the %sport and that's what works obviously,\" she said. Kapoor, who was till recently the country's top amateur, says Gurgaon as a location is perfect for her career with the best of facilities for the sport available in the city. Kapoor added that though she was expecting to win the event, DLF Golf and Country being her home course, she is in no mood to get demotivated. \"You can't win everywhere so it is ok. I am not playing bad golf but I am capable of much better golf. My goal is to be number one on the tour,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16565850", "title": "Flood situation improves in Assam", "text": "GUWAHATI: With some respite from rains, the flood situation in the state showed signs of improvement on Wednesday. So far, more than 17 lakh people have been hit and after compilation of reports in the last 48 hours, the death toll has now been pegged at 18. More than three lakh people are staying in relief camps in the 16 affected districts.According to state disaster management authority, five people have died in Tinsukia district, four in Morigaon district, two each in Dibrugarh and Dhemaji districts, and one each in Darrang, Golaghat, Sivasagar, Nagaon and Kamrup districts since the last one week. Seven persons are reported missing.According to Central Water Commission (CWC), the water level of the Brahmaputra, which was dangerously rising in Guwahati, has started receding. The river, which ravaged upper Assam for the last four days, has started also showing a receding trend in upper Assam.At Neematighat in Jorhat district, which is opposite Majuli, the water level of Brahmaputra is showing a receding trend, said the CWC. There is also no rainfall in the area.The water level of the Brahmaputra, however, is showing a rising trend in lower Assam areas.The state disaster management authority stated the state highway has been damaged at four places in Barpeta and a breach has occurred in an the embankment of the Pohumara river. In Kamrup district, the embankment on Nona river has been breached at Rangia. Embankments have been breached in Jorhat, Dibrugarh, Lakhimpur, Darrang and Sibsagar districts, while six bridges have been washed away at Sadiya in TinsukiaAltogether 1916 villages have been affected by the floods.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16566406", "title": "JEE in two parts from 2013", "text": "KANPUR: The Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) has decided to hold Joint Entrance Examination from 2013 for admission to undergraduate programmes in engineering in two parts, JEE-Main and JEE-Advanced. Only the top 1.5 lakh candidates (including all categories) based on performance in JEE Main will qualify to appear in the JEE Advanced examination.The board had also decided that admission to any of the various branches of the Indian Institute of Technology will be based on category-wise All India Rank (AIR) in JEE Advanced, subject to the condition that such candidates are in the top 20 percentile categories in their respective Boards/Qualifying Examinations. Admission to NITs will be based on 40 % weightage for performance in Class XII board marks (normalised) and the remaining 60 % weightage would be given to performance in JEE Main and a combined All India Rank (AIR) would be decided accordingly.The policy could also be adopted by other Centrally Funded Technical Institutions ( CFTIs) and participating Institutions.The board further decided that in case any state opts to admit students in the engineering colleges affiliated to state universities where the a separate merit list based on relative weightage adopted by it is required, the merit list will be prepared accordingly.The JEE-Main examination will also be conducted in regional languages of the state on request for state engineering colleges/ universities. However JEE-Advanced will be conducted in English/Hindi medium only.The minimum academic qualification for appearing in JEE (MAIN) 2013 is that a candidate must have passed the final examination of 10+2 (Class XII) or its equivalent referred to as the qualifying examination. Those appearing in 10+2 (Class XII) final or equivalent examination in 2013 may also appear in JEE(MAIN) 2013 provisionally.There will be objective type questions with four options of a single correct answer. For each incorrect response, one-fourth (1/4) marks would be deducted. No deduction from the total score will, however, be made if no response is indicated for an item in the answer sheet.The JEE-Main Offline Exam will be held on April 7, 2013. The online exam will be held from April 8 to 30, 2013.The exact dates will be announced later. The JEE-Advanced - Offline Exam will be held on June 2, 2013. There will not be any online exam for JEE Advanced.There will be no physical sale of forms.The forms will be filled up online only. The forms will be available on JEE-Main website www.jeemain-edu.in from November 1, 2012. To help candidates fill up the application forms online, CBSE will release a list of facilitation centres at the time of release of the form.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16563787", "title": "Two-day remand for encounter cop", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The special CBI court on Wednesday sent deputy superintendent of police, Tarun Barot to two-day police remand after the probe agency sought five-day remand in connection with the Sadiq Jamal Mehtar fake encounter case.Additional chief judicial magistrate A Y Dave granted two days' remand because he has been charged with serious offences of murder and criminal conspiracy. The court observed that the CBI's submission prima facie looks convincing about Barot's complicity.In granting remand, the court noted that whether the accused is an ordinary citizen or a person of higher echelons, law is equally applicable to all. In this case, the accused is a guardian of law.The court asked the probe agency to strictly follow D K Basu's guidelines and permitted Barot to have home-cooked food.The CBI sought Barot's remand to \"ascertain the modus-operandi, role played by other accused persons, to recover incriminating material used in the commission of crime and to unearth the deep-rooted conspiracy relating to the fake encounter\".The CBI's remand plea stated that the crime is peculiar and has inter-state ramifications.Opposing the remand application, Barot's counsel Rohit Verma submitted that the cop had nothing to do with the alleged crime. He had co-operated during investigation. Barot had apprehension that he would be falsely implicated, and had hence met CBI director and special director too. He also submitted that the CBI sleuths even forced Barot to turn witness.Advocate Verma dubbed the case as a \"comedy of errors\" and said that the witness on whose revelation the case was based, Ketan Tirodkar, is an accused. The CBI functions in such a vindictive manner that Barot has been implicated in this case, though he is not connected. He submitted that the case is nine- year old and there is no chance of recovery, and the CBI has got all documents in the form of an 'A' summary filed earlier.As soon as the lawyer completed his argument, there was applause in courtroom, which was teeming with people. This disturbed the proceedings and the lawyer had to apologize for the behaviour of Barot's supporters.However, the clapping by audience upset the court, which viewed it as 'pressure tactic' and the magistrate said, \"You cannot pressurize the court in this manner by bringing in mobs. If you have any issue with the court order, you may go to appellate court, but don't try to pressurize the court.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16563897", "title": "CMAT for 2013-14 MBA admissions begins today", "text": "PUNE: The six-day online exam window for the first of the two Common Management Admission Test (CMAT) for admissions to the MBA and postgraduate management courses for academic year 2013-14, will open from Thursday. The tests will be conducted from 9.30 am to 12.30 pm and from 2.30 pm to 5.30 pm at the designated exam centres every day till October 1.CMAT, introduced by the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE), is the only test for admission to MBA programs at AICTE-approved institutions and university departments of all states and is one of the five nationally-recognised tests for the postgraduate management programmes across the country.The AICTE has decided to conduct CMAT twice every year and the first of these tests for AY 2013-14 will commence from Thursday at 64 cities across the country. Students will be eligible to appear in both the tests and the best of two scores will be used for admission. A merit list will be provided to the state governments for effecting admissions to the institutes that are part of the CMAT scheme.Online registration for the CMAT (first) exam had opened on August 3 and continued till September 2, following which the AICTE had extended the registration process till September 7 owing to late notifications issued by some of the state governments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16563346", "title": "An RTI reply that begs question", "text": "GURGAON: An RTI reply to an application to the director general, town and country planning, about the role of private developer, Ansal, in providing maintenance services to Palam Vihar does not give a clear answer to the applicant. As an answer to the query, the RTI reply merely states that no such conditions are imposed in the licence.However, the licence agreement says that the private colonizer/owner will be responsible for the maintenance and upkeep of roads, open spaces, public parks and public health services.The applicant, Sunil Yadav, Palam Vihar Residents' Welfare Association, has asked the DTCP to provide details about who is responsible for maintaining the colony and whether the developer can outsource the maintenance work to any outside agency. He had also asked whether the agency can directly bill and collect money from the residents in the developer's name.In another application, Yadav had asked who is supposed to install swings, playing equipment and construction of walkways in parks. Yadav said he could not comprehend anything from the RTI reply. \"It is really surprising that such information is being provided to the people under the RTI Act.\" Even if we assume for a minute that the information received is correct, then what is the meaning of a licensed colony. In this case, it seems there is no difference between a licensed colony and unauthorised colony and what is the use of issuing licences without any terms and conditions of the scope of works, he further alleged.The STP could not be contacted for his comments.Meanwhile, Ansal officials maintained that according to the agreement, the developer can outsource the maintenance service to facility management companies and they can collect charges on its behalf.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16562834", "title": "Cops asked to track down constable", "text": "BANGALORE: Lokayukta police sought the help of city police to trace a constable who escaped with Rs 5 lakh, the money they'd used to trap his inspector on Aug 18.In a letter to police commissioner BG Jyothi Prakash Mirji, Lokayukta asked for assistance to track down constable PP Manjunath of Kothanur police station. Manjunath was about to be caught along with his inspector N Purushotham, who was accepting the bribe money on Aug. 16. While the inspector was trapped, the constable escaped with the money which was tagged with a chemical used to trap corrupt officials who demand bribes.The money is needed to prove that the official was indeed caught red-handed. \"Usually, the money or bundles of money used to trap are smeared with potassium permanganate that gives a reddish colour when the hands and clothes are dipped in water. But as the money is missing, the case cannot be proved. That's why we sought the help of city police to trace the constable,\" a Lokayukta officer said. A senior police officer said Sampigehalli inspector Nanjunde Gowda has been given the job of tracking down the constable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16564021", "title": "Wadia-Raheja document submission order today", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay HC will pass orders on Thursday about whether Ferani Hotels Private Limited, owned by the G L Raheja Group, can produce documents in support of its case against continuation of industrialist Nusli Wadia as a sole administrator of the 600-acre property in Malad. The property belonged to E F Dinshaw Estate .Ferani has appealed against an order passed last Dec, rejecting its plea against a '03 order which allowed Wadia to continue as administrator. Ferani wanted to add new documents to show Wadia's alleged fraud in retaining his position which it said ought to have ceased after the '03 death of Dinshaw's daughter. Ferani said the papers came to light recently. Wadia said new documents can't be allowed as law requires Ferani to show it knew the papers existed and that it failed to produce them so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16566304", "title": "On-run MVI\u2019s bail hearing tomorrow", "text": "LUDHIANA: The economic offence wing of Vigilance Bureau (VB) is yet to nab absconding motor vehicle inspector (MVI) Rakesh Kumar Gupta, who has been on the run since he was booked in an embezzlement case after his house was raided by the VB on July 18.An anticipatory bail filed by Gupta in the case of recovery of opium from his house is scheduled for hearing on Friday in the district courts.The bureau had recovered Rs 35 lakh, property documents, Kisan Patra worth Rs 5 lakh and 1.25 kg opium from Gupta's house. Deputy superintendent of police Mahinder Singh said they have raided several places in search of Gupta. Another anticipatory bail filed by Gupta in the district courts was rejected on September 18.The vigilance bureau had earlier found out that Gupta had been issuing fitness certificates to vehicles without proper verification. One of the incidents which brought Gupta's faulty practice to light was accident of a school bus, kept at Khamano police station in Fatehgarh Sahib district, to which he had issued a fitness certificate without verification.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16566558", "title": "Chattisgarh pay for bad behaviour", "text": "BANGALORE: Showing zero-tolerance for bad behaviour, the organizers of the senior national hockey tournament have disqualified team Chattisgarh midway through the tournament, following off-field mis-conduct by some of its players on Monday night.The team being put up at the St Johns hostel in Koramangala, breached the rules, returning to the hostel at midnight, almost an hour past the deadline set by the facility. While on their return to the hostel, few of its players were involved in a fracas with the auto-rickshaw driver in whose auto they travelled in and later when the hostel guards stopped them from entering the premises, as it was past the deadline, the enraged players engaged in a furious bust-up with them.Tempers continued to flare when more than 50 auto-rickshaw drivers gathered in front of the hostel gate to support their fellow driver. The police had to intervene to control the situation. AB Subbaiah, the secretary of the Organizing Committee, said the team was disqualified on disciplinary grounds. \"We took such a decision as we had decided before the tournament that indiscipline will not be tolerated. After consulting Hockey India the committee decided to debar the team and they were sent back on Tuesday night,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16563904", "title": "Area under rabi crop to go up by 7L hectare", "text": "PUNE: Good rainfall in the last two weeks has increased sowing of the rabi crop, with area under cultivation estimated to increase by seven lakh hectare. The average sowing area in rabi season is 58 lakh hectare and will go up to 65 lakh hectare this season, said sources in the state agriculture department.The increase could help ease the pressure on foodgrain prices in coming days, as supply within the state will go up. Maharashtra is still dependent on other states for wheat and rice as local production is not sufficient to meet the demand.The agriculture department reviewed the rainfall situation in the state and its impact on agricultural activities. Most areas received good rainfall during the last week of August and first week of September.Rabi crops, which comprise foodgrains, pulses and oil seeds, don't need a lot of water; a couple of showers by October-end will be sufficient for the crop to mature.The long break in rain in July and August badly affected the sowing activity in the Kharif season. Perennially drought-prone areas such as the eastern part of west Maharashtra, Ahmednagar, Beed, Aurangabad and Dhule districts, and parts of Marathwada region received less than normal rainfall. Most villages received less than half of the average rainfall, which discouraged farmers from sowing.The dry spell hit cultivation of the water-intensive sugarcane crop, especially in areas where the plantation had been done in January. Many farmers harvested the crop prematurely to sell it at government fodder camps.The recent showers have rekindled hope for a good yield during rabi season. Areas such as Amravati, Buldhana, Wardha, Parbhani, Latur and Washim have received almost 100% of their average rainfall so far, encouraging farmers to start sowing.The average area under the rabi crop is 58.6 lakh hectare, of which sweet sorghum is cultivated on 30.86 lakh hectare. The crop is cultivated in low rainfall areas like Ahmednagar, Beed and Marathwada. This season, maize will be sown on 9.67 lakh hectare, while oil seeds will be sown on 4.36 lakh hectare, the agriculture department report said. The government expects foodgrain production to be around 64 lakh tonne this season. Sources in the state agriculture commissionerate said, \"This will help to compensate the loss in production during the kharif season, when some farmers lost their crop, while others did not undertake sowing operations.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16564546", "title": "Development work goes for a toss as bickering within JMC gets louder", "text": "JAIPUR: For nearly three years at a stretch, bad blood among the mayor, the councilors and the administrative officials has turned Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC) into a political battleground severely hampering development work in the city.A series of conflicts between the BJP councilors, who are in majority in the JMC, and the city mayor have earned the corporation an image which depicts lack of coordination and credibility. Moreover, with mayor Jyoti Khandelwal leveling corruption charges against the administrative officials in public has discouraged them from implementing development work.This animosity is reflected in all general body meetings of the JMC held in the last three years. As per the data available with TOI, 14 general body meetings were held and 199 proposals tabled, out of which only 60 have been passed in the meetings.\"The common man is suffering because of the politics in the JMC. The mayor and the councilors have diverted themselves from development of the city and the condition has gone to bad to worse. The mayor has power to sanction Rs 1 crore for repairing sewerage work and road repairs, etc; even if board is not approving the proposal,\" former mayor Ashok Parnami said.Criticizing the mayor for leveling charges against officials in public, Parnami said, \"For the past so many years, officials are the same. The mayor should rather encourage them to implement development work.\"The mayor's style of functioning has been often criticized as \"too loud\" for the councilors who on the other hand have been too adamant and stopped several proposals that were meant for the development of the city.As for instance, a proposal of Rs 6 crore for repair of sewerage lines was turned down in the recent 14th general body meeing. The repair work is crying for attention since long. \"Approximately Rs 110 crore sewerage work was done during the previous tenure. Also, the JMC had prepared a Rs 200-crore action plan to seek assistance under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM); however, nothing has been done in this regard,\" a senior official said.Due to internal differences and weak implementation, the corporation has also failed to collect its target revenue for the 2010-11 period and has already incurred a heavy debt of Rs 450 crore. As a result, underdeveloped parks, potholed roads, defunct waste management systems has become the outcome of the corporation.According to sources , only Rs 16 lakh work orders for every ward councillor were released by the JMC as per the 2009-2010 approved budget, which is markedly low for new development work.In 2010-2011, development work of Rs 25 lakh was done in every ward. Similarly in 2011-12, Rs 35 lakh is approved for development work in each ward. However, many alleged that the budget was not sanctioned despite approval; also the money approved is very less for development work.\"The money is distributed unevenly and this year no money is sanctioned for my ward,\" ward number 38 councillor and Congressman Sanjay Verma said.The JMC councilors in this tenure so far has proved incapable of disposing of the municipal solid waste (MSW). As a result, Jaipur stood 230th in the Union ministry's ranking of 423 Class-I cities vis-a-vis sanitation conditions in the country.\"The state government has taken charge but unable to start the door-to-door garbage collection and it is a matter of shame . It should have begun three years ago as the tender were done in my tenure,\" Parnami said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16565529", "title": "Luxury suite makes childbirth memorable", "text": "MANGALORE: Deliveries also can make a fashion statement. The birth of a baby is a special occasion and for economically sound families there are plenty of choices to make the event the most memorable. Hospitals in this coastal city are waking up to this reality and are cashing in on it. Indiana Hospital here has introduced designer labour suites which offer comfort of a home and hi-tech medical facility to the would-be mother and the new born. Dr Ali Kumble, chairman, Indian Hospital and Heart Institute says, \"The Nest suite offers a warm home like environment where the mother and family can share the joyful experience of childbirth.'' Nifri Yusuf, administrator of the hospital observes, \"We already had 15 deliveries in the Nest suite and we also have couple of bookings. Mostly, we have been catering to people from northern Kerala. They see the facilities and insist doctors that they have their deliveries here.\" The labour delivery recovery postpartum new born (LDRPN) suite includes an a birthing bed, which allows mother's transition from labour to delivery and recovery in the same room, an extra room for the entire family, bassinet and sink for the baby and a private waiting room. The suite package also provides off menu meals on request. Nifri says that in case of complications or C-section, the operation theatre and neonatal ICU is located a few metres away from the Nest. \"The first few minutes are critical as far as neonatal care is concerned,'' adds Ali, who is also a paediatrician. Dr Lavanya Rai, head, department of OBG, KMC Manipal says, \"We have seen such facilities in hospitals in metros. We wanted to introduce it in KMC Manipal. However, the existing set up could not incorporate it. In future we will definitely have such facility.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "16563217", "title": "Elders at mosque calmed down locals after incident of book defacement", "text": "GHAZIABAD: There is a stark difference in the recovery of defaced religious books at Masuri and Prem Nagar. While six lives were lost after riots and the Masuri police station was destroyed, the incident of the defaced religious book found in Prem Nagar on Wednesday was dealt with in a completely different manner. This effectively allowed for the situation to not escalate out of control.Twelve days apart from each other, both cases are similar in just three aspects \u2014 of being found near the railway tracks, mobile numbers being scribbled on torn pages and the places located next to national highways. Masuri is on NH-24 and Prem Nagar is along NH-91. \"The similarities between the two incidents can't be ignored. We can't rule out the possibility of them being linked,\" said a senior police officer.But unlike Masuri, where violence erupted soon after the discovery of the religious book, the Prem Nagar incident was not allowed to spark off into communal tension by the police and elders of Chaand Masjid. \"When the pages came to us, local residents in the mosque got angry, but we calmed them down,\" said the Imam.Police sources say elders of the mosque initially wanted to bury the pages in a graveyard. However, the matter reached the police after a call was made to one of the numbers that had been scribbled on the religious book. The number belonged to a Ghaziabad-based businessman who reported the matter to the police. \"The elders of the mosque didn't file the FIR. Had they come in a group, like they did in Masuri, violence would have erupted,\" said a senior cop.Police said they are holding meetings with key members of the community to urge them to ensure communal harmony and convey the message of preventing violent outbursts. \"We can't rule out the possibility that this is a part of a larger conspiracy and more pages of defaced religious books might be recovered,\" said a senior officer.Cops said they can't rule out the possibility of a larger conspiracy and more pages of defaced religious books being found.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "ranchi/bokaro", "code": "16565118", "title": "Massive crowd at Birsa Munda samadhi", "text": "RANCHI/BOKARO: A huge crowd greeted Rahul Gandhi at Birsa Munda's memorial in the state capital, putting aside the grievances against the Congress for a steep hike in the prices of diesel and cap on domestic cooking gas.Although none was allowed inside the samadhi, which was cordoned off by the SPG personnel, some of the visitors, including women and elderly people, vied with each other to have a glimpse of the scion of Gandhi family and shake hands with him. Some of those who managed to have a word or greet him were happy.\"I had seen him only on television so when I came to know that he would visit Birsa Munda's Samadhi, I rushed. I was fortunate enough not only to see him but also shake hands with him,\" said Aarti Prasad. A mother of two, Aarti could not hide her joy and said it was a dream come true.Middle-aged Krishna Singh, who stopped on his way to office to have a glimpse of Rahul, said he halted to see how the scion of the most powerful family of the country looked. \"I just wanted to have a glimpse and since I was standing very close to the boundary wall of the Samadhi, \" said Singh.In Bokaro, a girl told the Congress general secretary, \"Sir, I like you very much. I have seen you in TV and came travelling from Nirsa from neighbouring district Dhanbad just to have your glimpse. Sir, please give me your autograph. I need your autograph.\" Later Gandhi came close to the girl and asked her to work for the party.Replying to a few selected questions, Gandhi said, \"Don't get scared of the problem and try to solve it.\" However, as Gandhi was interacting with the party youths in a well decorated pandal, some residents cursed his arrival for creating traffic problems.Many youths and party leaders blamed Congress legislative party leader Rajendra Prasad Singh and his son Jaimangal Singh, president of JPYCC, for hijacking the event and depriving others of reaching to Gandhi for their own popularity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16565781", "title": "Port to woo locals with development plan", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Vizhinjam international seaport plans to start a seafood park and skill development centre and the initiatives will be part of the environmental impact assessment (EIA) report that will be submitted to the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) soon.\"We will develop basic infrastructure at Vizhinjam fishing harbour and upgrade Mullur UP School to a high school. The decision was approved by the director board on Wednesday. As part of developing the port, a port city development plan has been envisaged. The environment report was presented at the meet presided by chief minister Oommen Chandy ,\" said minister for ports K Babu.Sources said the new initiatives are aimed at mobilizing public support for the project. Though many locals are in favour of the project, there are some sceptics. Port officials hope to bring them to their fold through these measures.Port officials said that the process of acquiring land for a warehouse at Kottukaal will be taken up on a priority basis. The EIA report will be submitted to the pollution control board and the board will conduct a public hearing to include the suggestion and objections of all stake holders. \"The final report, which will include minutes of the public hearing, will be submitted to MoEF for environmental clearance,\" the official said.The Vizhinjam project will follow the landlord port model. Dredging, reclamation and basic infrastructure such as construction of break-water and quay will be done once the port gets an eco-nod from MoEF.Port will operate on PPP model. Terminal superstructure will be built by a private operator who will also operate and maintain it for 30 years.The port, that is set to be the first green port in the country, will have several parameters to reduce carbon footprints. It will service container transhipments, besides multi-purpose and break bulk cargo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16564262", "title": "CBI files draft charges against Preet Mandir trustees, five others", "text": "PUNE: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), Mumbai unit, on Tuesday filed draft charges against Joginder Singh Bhasin, managing trustee of city orphanage Preet Mandir and five others in a case related to the illegal adoption of children.The five others are Joginder's wife Mahinder Bhasin, son Gurpreet Singh Bhasin (both trustees), Vasudev Gangadhar Darshane, superintendent of the Navrange Balak Ashram, Pandharpur, Chandrashekhar Admane, social worker at Preet Mandir and J K Mittal, former chairman of the Central Adoption Resource Agency ( CARA), New Delhi.The draft charges were filed under relevant sections of the Indian Penal Code and Prevention of Corruption Act before special judge D R Mahajan.The judge sought to know from senior lawyer S K Jain, representing the suspects, if he would like to reply to the draft charges. The trial in the case will commence after the court finalises the charges against Bhasin and others.The hearing was deferred till October 20 after Jain submitted that Mahinder Bhasin and her son Gurpreet Singh Bhasin would soon file an appeal in the Bombay High Court as the special court here had refused to discharge them from the case.The CBI had filed a chargesheet against Bhasin and others under sections 120 (b) (criminal conspiracy) read with 363 (kidnapping), 383 (extortion),403 (dishonest misappropriation of property),405 (criminal breach of trust),420 (cheating),467 (forgery of valuable security),468 (forgery for purpose of cheating) and 471 (using forged document as genuine) of the Indian Penal Code and 13(2) read with 13(1) (criminal misconduct by a public servant) of the Prevention of Corruption Act for entering into a criminal conspiracy to kidnap poor children and give them up for adoption.According to the chargesheet, Bhasin was involved in the illegal trafficking of children and for this purpose, he had opened a rehabilitation centre, Sai Dhamat at Kanhe Phata near Pune in 2004.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16563218", "title": "Woman held for distributing pamphlet that blames chief minister for power crisis", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 38-year-old woman was arrested for allegedly circulating a pamphlet that, according to local AIADMK cadre, contained derogatory references to chief minister J Jayalalithaa , on Wednesday.Police said S Salam, a reporter with a local Tamil newspaper, was taken into custody after a few people complained about her distributing pamphlets near Sivananda Colony late Tuesday night. \"We arrested her and seized some of the pamphlets that were distributed in shops in the vicinity. It had some objectionable references to the chief minister,\" said P Parthiban, inspector, Rathinapuri Police Station.According to police, Salma, a resident of Kakkan Street near Sivananda Colony, had distributed pamphlets that referred to the power crisis in Coimbatore and nearby areas. Police said she was arrested since some of the lines in the pamphlet, directed against the CM, were in bad taste.The city is presently reeling under severe power shortage and outages extend to almost 12 hours.\"The accused claimed that she was working with a local Tamil newspaper. She was alone while distributing the unsigned pamphlet. There is no mention of any organisation or association,\" Parthiban said.The pamphlet mentions that power outages have crippled small-scale industries which form the backbone of the district's economy. However, it blames the chief minister for the situation, which provoked the local AIADMK cadre to file an FIR against Salma. Police submitted a copy of the pamphlet when she was produced before the magistrate, who remanded her to judicial custody.\"We immediately stopped the distribution of the pamphlet and informed the police who took action against her,\" said M G J Rajkumar, Secretary, AIADMK unit, Sivananda Colony.The police have booked her under sections 75 (1) ( C ), 506 (1), 505 (A1) (B) of the Indian Penal Code, which includes committing an act likely to cause fear and alarm to the public or induce people to commit an offence against the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16556454", "title": "Singer Shipra Goyal celebrated her b'day in Delhi", "text": "Singer Shipra Goyal celebrated her birthday with her friends and family recently in the capital. The party saw her friends from the music industry join in the fun and many of them broke into impromptu songs, all for the birthday girl.Shipra made sure she enjoyed her own party and was spotted on the dance floor matching steps to all popular Bollywood numbers. Shipra's proud parents, Anju and Subhash Goyal, were with her when she cut the cake and posed happily for the shutterbugs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16563128", "title": "Boy assaulted by employers, freed", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 12-year-old was beaten up by his employers after he failed to wake up early on Tuesday to serve the guests. The boy's hands have been fractured, cops said, and there were visible injuries on his body. The incident was reported from the Joshi Road area of Karol Bagh.The two accused, jeweller Yogendra Soni and is wife, are still at large. A case has been registered and further probe is on.The boy came to work at Yogendra's shop two years ago. \"On Monday, he was asked to attend a guest till late at night and expected to get up early the next day also. When the victim failed to get up early, the accused beat him up with a stick. His shouts alerted the neighbours who then contacted an NGO. The NGO, along with the police, raided the spot and rescued the child, who was later admitted at the Kalawati Hospital. According to doctors, the child was abused over for a long time. Following this, a case was registered against the couple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16564785", "title": "Govt, tourists eagerly await Supreme Court verdict on tiger tourism", "text": "BHOPAL: Tourism sector in the state along with the state government is eagerly awaiting the outcome of Thursday's Supreme Court hearing on the interim ban on tourism in the core areas of tiger reserves across the country. Any decision by the apex court will have a huge bearing on the tourism sector in the state.The state's forest department had already stopped online bookings for entry into the national parks ever since the ban was imposed. Madhya Pradesh houses some of the country's top tiger reserves including Kanha national park and has been positioning itself as the \"Tiger State\".The Supreme Court in an interim order passed on July 24 had imposed a ban on tourism in the core area of all the tiger reserves. A petition in this regard was filed by Ajay Dube, a wildlife and RTI activist from Bhopal.After the monsoon break, the new season of wildlife tourism starts in Madhya Pradesh from October 16.\"This business is seasonal\", said Eric Dcunha, president of the lodge owners association of Kanha tiger reserve. \"Business for October and November has already gone as the forest department has stopped the online booking of entry in the reserves\", he said.\"There would hardly be any tourists from Delhi, Mumbai or Ahmadabad among others in October and November. The same would be the case for the foreign tourists who plan their itinerary in advance\".The Madhya Pradesh government had also prayed to the apex court to lift the ban in the interest of the tigers and wildlife tourism. The state tourism development corporation runs as many as 6 hotels in Kanha, Bandhavgarh, Satpura and Pench tiger reserves.Meanwhile, Ajay Dube, the petitioner while talking to the TOI reiterated, \"No tourist activities of any nature, temporary or permanent should be allowed inside the core area\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16563780", "title": "Missing child was abducted: Police", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A missing child complaint in Bapunagar turned out to be kidnapping for ransom. Investigations by the police revealed that the four year old boy, Mehfoos Ansari was kidnapped by his maternal cousin, Irfan Ansari and four other accomplices for money.Bapunagar police traced Mehfoos to a shanty in Kurla, Mumbai where he was taken by Irfan and his friends Sailesh Maurya and Mumbai-based Sadam Dafali, Sultan Varsoya and Rizwan Ansari. All five have been arrested and the child has been returned safely to his parents.Bapunagar police said that on September 20, Mansoor Ansari, a resident of Sundaram Nagar filed a complaint that his four year old son was missing. Three days later, he realized that his sister-in-law's son Irfan too was not seen since the incident took place. Irfan was earlier caught for stealing a rickshaw. The father brought this bit of information to the notice of the police. Based on this, the police aimed a shot in the dark and asked one of the relatives of Irfan to call him. \"The relative called up Irfan on Tuesday and said that they knew Mehfoos was with him. Irfan was told that the family was ready to pay ransom\", police said.The shot hit bull's eye and Irfan asked the relative to bring money at a specified time at CTM cross roads. \"Irfan and Sailesh were nabbed from the CTM. He told us that the boy was in Kurla. A team was sent to Mumbai where the boy was found accompanied with the three other accused. All five have been arrested and a case of kidnapping and ransom has been filed against them\", police said. Police said that Irfan was in need of money and thought of kidnapping Mehfoos when he saw him playing alone on September 20. He borrowed Rs 5000 from Sadam and promised to pay him Rs 10,000 a week later. They took the boy to Mumbai where Irfan realized that he did not have Mansoor's number to make the ransom call. He came to Ahmedabad to get the number without arousing suspicion but by then the police had got the call made through a relative which busted his entire plan. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16571020", "title": "Recent reforms may burden people, but were necessary: Chidambaram", "text": "NEW DELHI: After Congress, the UPA today endorsed government's recent tough economic decisions and discussed the need \"to do more reforms\".At a meeting of constituents of the UPA, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh underlined the need for economic reforms to ensure flow of foreign investment.A fortnight after the announcement to allow FDI in retail, cap cooking gas subsidy and hike diesel prices, the leaders of the ruling coalition today expressed \"general satisfaction\" over the decisions, which saw the exit of Trinamool Congress-- the second largest UPA constituent.\"We reviewed the situation following the number of decisions announced in the last 10 days. There was general satisfaction that many of the steps taken by the government, although some of them would put a burden on the people, have been welcomed by stakeholders as necessary and unavoidable,\" Finance Minister P Chidambaram told reporters.\"The need to do more reforms was discussed,\" he said. He said by and large the message had gone to the people that these measures were unavoidable and necessary.\"We thank the people for their understanding,\" he said. The meeting of the UPA committee, chaired by Sonia Gandhi, comes two days after the Congress Working Committee endorsed the government's decisions on economic reforms.At the UPA Coordination Committee meeting, Chidambaram said the Prime Minister underlined the need for a number of measures to ensure that investments continue to flow in India.\"The Prime Minister underlined the need for a number of measures that will ensure that there is no volatility in the rupee and investments continue to flow into India as well as stimulate domestic investors so that they would also invest in the economy ,\" he said.The finance minister said that the meeting did not discuss specific reform measures like FDI in insurance and pension.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16563116", "title": "NRHM scam: CBI to file closure report in Sachan\u2019s suicide case", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Bureau of Investigation will file a closure report in the mysterious death of deputy chief medical officer YS Sachan, stating that \"he committed suicide\". CBI sources said they would file a closure report in Lucknow next week as their investigation did not point to murder.Sachan was a suspect in two murder cases related to the multi-crore National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) scam in Uttar Pradesh. Sources said the agency reconstructed the chain of events and also used the services of forensic experts from All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) to probe if Sachan was murdered. The opinion of doctors and circumstantial evidence will be mentioned in the report, according to which Sachan first slit himself and then hanged himself.Largescale irregularities in implementation of the NRHM programme in UP came to light after two CMOs \u2014 Dr VK Arya and Dr B P Singh \u2014 were shot in Lucknow within a period of six months in 2011. Sachan, who was an accused in both the murders, was found dead in Lucknow jail.The agency found that Sachan was under immense mental pressure because of police investigations against him. The CBI also recovered a letter written by him on June 11, 2011, about 10 days before he allegedly committed suicide in Lucknow jail. In the letter, Sachan had threatened to reveal the names of those involved in the killing of two former Arya and Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16563898", "title": "2 Cidco staffers, circle officer held in scam", "text": "MUMBAI: Two Cidco employees and a circle officer of Vasai have been arrested by the EOW of Thane rural police for aiding two builders in usurping salt pans worth over Rs 250 crore.Builders, Shankar Mishra (46) and Dinesh Sharma (45), shown as owners of the 'land' on which a housing complex, Grishma Garden, has come up were arrested in February. The EOW on Tuesday arrested Cidco's assistant engineer Mruthikant Kudave (42) and Mohsin Shaikh (38), a draftsman. Manikpur circle officer Satish Patil (42) was also arrested. They have been accused of forging papers to obtain permission for construction of the building.Activist Sanjay Sethi had last year filed a PIL against architects Ajay Wade and Associates for grabbing the salt pans in Vasai (E). He alleged that Mishra and Sharma bought 5 adjoining sub-plots admeasuring 1406.79 sq m, but manipulated records and submitted forged documents whereby the area of sub-plots was increased by putting a digit ahead of the total area. So, a sub-plot admeasuring 384.88 sq m became 2,384.88 sq m. About 11,000 sq m of land was deleted from the salt pans and added to the builder's plot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "shimonga", "code": "16565696", "title": "Shimoga ZP implements 851 water schemes", "text": "SHIMONGA: The zilla panchayat has earned a unique distinction in the state for its efforts in implementing rural drinking water schemes in 2011-12, ZP president Shubha Krishnamurthy said.The ZP has also managed to effectively utilize Rs 36.10 crore extended by the Panchyat Raj department for implementing 851 schemes in water-starved villages. Projects taken up under the schemes ensured drinking water for 245 rural schools, removal of iron content in bore wells, increasing underground water table at 104 interior places and adoption of fresh schemes in 302 habitats, she said and added that the government had sanctioned Rs 44.91 crore for this year for taking up revival projects. The ZP will elect a new team on Friday and both the president and vice-president posts are reserved for women. Shubha, who completed her 20-month term, said the panchayat will be headed by an all-women team for the next 20 months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "16562716", "title": "Kiran sweeps opposition legislators off their feet", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: With the threat of opposition TDP activists and leaders to disrupt chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy's programme petering out, he completed his visit in TDP strongholds without much trouble.In fact, leaving everyone stunned, TDP district chief Devineni Umamaheswara Rao spent considerable time with the chief minister in his Mailavaram constituency on Wednesday. The CM floored Umamaheswara Rao by granting Rs 18 crore for various works for the constituency while addressing a meeting at Reddigudem village in the morning. The TDP district leadership, which threatened to stall the CM's programme, made a retreat for reasons not known to public. The party legislators submitted a memorandum to the chief minister on delta water issue at Gannavaram soon after he launched his Indiramma Baata on Tuesday and local legislator Dasari Balavardhan was with the CM all through the meeting.Barring TDP MLC YVB Rajendra Prasad's brief protest over the power tariff hike, the TDP went into a shell and abandoned their threat of protests.Going a step further and surprising Congress leaders, Kaikalur legislator Jayamangalam Venkata Ramana (TDP) made arrangements for the CM's tour in his constituency in the evening and secured sops on disbursement of Kolleru surplus land. Kiran Kumar spoke with every legislator before coming to the district and appealed to them to utilise his tour to get more funds to their constituencies. Nandigama legislator Tanigarala Prabhakar Rao of TDP too participated in the CM's programme at Jayanthi village of Veerulapadu mandal on Wednesday and urged him to grant him more LI schemes for his constituency.The MLA thanked the chief minister for laying the foundation stone for the Jayanthi lift irrigation scheme. which would provide water to about 1800 acres.CM said that the government had already granted Rs120 crore for LI schemes in Nandigama and promised to complete the remaining schemes in phased manner. He said that 10 of the 31 LI schemes granted for the district had been completed and remaining were in different stages.The CM would tour all the three segments of Vijayawada city on the last day of his tour on Thursday. Ministers Pardhasaradhi and Thota Narasimham, MP Lagadapati Rajagopal and MLAs accompanied him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16563282", "title": "Handcuffs, live bullet found in eatery raid", "text": "MUMBAI: The social service branch found a live bullet and handcuffs during a raid at a restaurant in Bandra on Tuesday. The restaurant was raided after the police got a tip-off that the eatery was serving hookah, which is illegal.The case has been handed over for investigation to the Bandra police, which booked the restaurant manager and three staff. The accused were produced before a court on Tuesday and remanded in police custody for two days. Cops fined seven patrons, who were found smoking hookah during the raid.The police was tipped off that the eatery was running the hookah business without permission.The police team raided the premises and started to check the cupboard to trace the hookah substances. The police team surprised to find handcuff and the bullet from the cupboard. The handcuff mostly use by the police.An officer said they are also enquiring if anyone had deliberately kept the bullet and handcuffs in the eatery and tipped off the police to settle scores with the restaurant manager.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16565242", "title": "Vikatan\u2019s \u2018Time Pass\u2019 to give mascot a miss", "text": "CHENNAI: For decades, the figure of a frail, bespectacled, laughing man has graced the cover of 'Ananda Vikatan', one of south India's oldest publications. In the mind of the average Tamil reader, it was a symbol synonymous with a weekly diet of politics, entertainment and social analysis. The old man stood out in a world of regional publishing strewn with innumerable titles and mastheads. Today, the 87-year-old Vikatan group, which owns more than half a dozen magazines, has decided to drop the mascot and its brand name 'Vikatan' from its latest offering.\"For the first time we have dropped our mascot and downplayed the Vikatan name when we launch our new weekly 'Time Pass' on October 6,\" B Srinivasan, CEO of Vikatan said.The idea of dropping the brand name and mascot was to insure both from the new launch. \"We do not want the new product to affect our existing brands. With 'Time Pass', we are hitting the mass end of the market with a product which is cheaper than a cup of tea at a roadside shop,\" he said. 'Time Pass' is priced at Rs 5 per issue.Like every large media house, Vikatan is at a crossroads, hoping to retain its loyal and traditional readership base and yet cross over with a gamut of new reading options to tap younger readers. \"Print is no longer a sunrise industry, but it is far from sunset in India. This is a western myth which has caught us,\" he said.Towards achieving higher online revenues and be present across social media platforms, Vikatan is working on \"Project Vigital\". Simply put, Vigital is taking all Vikatan products digital. \"Today we have the repository. We must tactfully make all that available to readers/viewers and listeners across platforms. We should also be 4G ready so that when it rolls out, we have the edge,\" he said.\"Today, we have nine facebook pages with 1.6 lakh likes and growing 20,000 every month. There are 50,000 followers for 11 twitter accounts and 5,000 new followers get added every month,\" he said.Vikatan has both free and paid content on the web. \"We went pay in 2005. Five years ago, revenues from online editions were zero, now it is nearly 5% and in the next five years, we hope it will be 15% of revenues,\" he said. Srinivasan refused to share revenue numbers saying his company was privately held. Rough indications suggest Vikatan's revenues are around Rs 150 crore a year. The Tamil magazine market is roughly Rs 45 crore in revenues a year, which sees fierce competition between Vikatan, Kumudam and Kunkumam.Srinivasan said positioning the \"87-year-young\" publishing house, which started with just a humour magazine, as \"a vehicle which should be one of those which cannot be ignored by an advertiser to reach the Tamil audience,\" is his motto.The group's new weekly 'Time Pass', to be launched on October 6, will not sport the bespectacled, laughing old man as mascot and the brand name of 'Vikatan'. The intention, according to the group CEO, is to insure the other products", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "karnal", "code": "16566290", "title": "Thieves drill holes in Jalandhar-Mathura oil pipeline", "text": "KARNAL: Thieves drilled holes in Jalandhar-Mathura oil pipeline of Indian Oil Corporation (IOC) passing through Raipur village of Nilokheri subdivision to pilfer the fuel. The theft was reported on Wednesday morning, when joint team comprising policemen and officials from Panipat refinery visited the spot following a tip off. The pipeline as found damaged and a 40 foot-long pipe and other tools used by miscreants were recovered from the spot.Police said miscreants had dug up earth up to 5 feet, which is believed to be used for placing a vessel for storing the stolen oil. The police as well as IOC officials are trying to ascertain the quantity of oil stolen from the pipeline. \"A patrolling party of the village was the first to notice the damaged the line. They informed the police and later cops notified the IOC officials,'' police said.Deepak Khanna, an official spokesman of the oil company, maintained that security wing has been told to step up a tight vigil in such sensitive areas. \"We have also asked police to provide additional manpower for intensifying patrolling. Meanwhile, we have also started parallel probe to ascertain lapse on the part of our officials in monitoring the pipeline,\" Khanna said.Nilokherhi DSP Gurdyal Singh confirmed the registration of a theft case. \"We have got some vital leads to crack the case. We are in the process of identifying the culprits who will be nabbed soon,'' he added.This is the second such incident over past one year. According to sources, one such puncture was detected 3km away from Amin village. A driver was arrested and he is facing trial in the case registered against him at Nilokherhi police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "16570590", "title": "Seminar in Chandigarh focuses on role of education in ensuring communal harmony", "text": "Patiala: A Sadhbhavna Seminar was organised here by the Sadhbhavna Club of Local Mohindra College in collaboration with Punjabi University's Sri Guru Tegh Bahadur National Integration Chair at the college campus.While inaugurating the seminar, Arjuna Awardee Principal Rupa Saini emphasized the need for educating and empowering youth to promote national integration in India.Chair Professor Baltej Singh Mann of Punjabi University in his presidential address said that the changing scenario in the country due to globalisation, rapid technological advancement and the emergence of India as the global economic power has necessitated the training of youth in life and employable skills.\"Such type of seminars are helpful not only to students, but to teaching faculty also if we really want to enrich them with required knowledge\" said Khushwant singh , a teacher.Dr. Mann emphasized the role of education in nourishing communal harmony in the country for the co-existence of all the great religions in India.Among others who spoke at the occasion included Prof. Suresh Kumar Sharma, Dr. Swaraj Singh, Prof. Varinder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "16565507", "title": "Keep pace with change or perish, cautions Salman Khurshid", "text": "KOTTAYAM: The private sector is way ahead of the government sector in the field of higher education in Kerala. This is one of the major contributive factors for the development of education in Kerala, said Union minister for law and justice and minority affairs Salman Khurshid.He was delivering the valedictory message of the Navathy Celebrations of St Berchmans College, Changanassery, on Wednesday. \"Kerala is a model state for in many ways. Political parties are vibrant in Kerala. They positively contribute to the sustainable development of the state. But the occasional conflict and clashes take away from the trajectory of development, \" he said.He said that the country is adopting new measures and implementing innovative schemes keeping the future generations in mind. \"The world is changing beyond recognition. We have to keep pace with the change. 'Change or perish' is the challenge for us,\" he said.Mar Joseph Perumthottam presided over the function. Deputy chairman of Rajyasabha Prof P J Kurian, vice-chairman of Higher Education Council of Kerala T P Sreenivasan, Dr James Palackal, Mar Joseph Powathil, C F Thomas, Dr Tomy Padinjareveettil, Prof Job Joseph and municipal chairperson Smitha Jayan spoke on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16565922", "title": "Shettar\u2019s site defaced with Kashmir post", "text": "BANGALORE: Chief minister Jagadish Shettar's personal website was found hacked on Wednesday.Hacker group Skywalkers claiming to be from Pakistan posted a quote of Nelson Mandela : \"When a man is denied the right to live the life he believes in, he has no choice but to become an outlaw.\" \"I am a Pakistani! Free Kashmir!... \"A spokesman of the BJP IT cell said cyber police have been asked to probe the hacking. \"The problem was fixed and the offensive material was removed within two hours. Experts are on the job to prevent further attacks.\"He said the data on jagadishshettar.com has not been tampered with.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16565482", "title": "Court rules in favour of guarantors in Kerala State Financial Enterprises chit fund case", "text": "KOCHI: Setting a precedence, the Kerala high court has allowed the contention of guarantors of a chitty drawn from Kerala State Financial Enterprises (KSFE) that debt should be recovered from them only if the principal debtor doesn't have adequate liquidity to repay the dues.Disposing a petition filed by three employees of Mahatma Gandhi University who were guarantors of chitties taken by one of their acquaintances, justice P R Ramachandra Menon ordered KSFE to recover the dues by attaching the assets of the principal debtor.Mini Panicker of Pala had drawn six chitties run by Kottayam and Alappuzha branches of KSFE after providing Satheesh Chandran Nair, Reghunathan Nair and Tony Mathew - all employees of MG University -- as guarantors. After the principal debtor defaulted around Rs 9.5 lakh towards repayment of the chitty installments, KSFE issued notices to her and the guarantors demanding immediate repayment of the defaulted amount. When she failed to pay, KSFE started procedures to recover the amount from the guarantors' salaries.They challenged the KSFE action, citing that the financial institution hadn't taken any step to recover the amount from the principal debtor despite that she had enough assets. During the hearing of the petition, the court asked KSFE about the measures taken by them to recover the amount from Mini Panicker. In its reply, KSFE said it did nothing but simply issued a demand notice.Later, one James Varghese impleaded in the case, arguing that he had bought the property of Mini that the guarantors wanted KSFE to attach before it issued the demand notice. But Kottayam district collector, who conducted a probe on whether the claim by Varghese was true, found his arguments baseless. The Kerala land revenue commissioner also upheld the findings of the collector.Varghese challenged the orders of the collector and land revenue commissioner before the high court by impleading in the case filed by the guarantors. Admitting the argument by the counsel of the petitioner that recovering the amount from guarantors when the principal debtor has enough assets will lead to social injustice, justice Ramachandra Menon upheld the order of Kottayam district collector and land revenue commissioner to recover the amount after attaching the assets of the principal debtor.Setting a precedence, Kerala High Court has allowed the contention by guarantors of a chitty drawn from Kerala State Financial Enterprises (KSFE) that debt should recovered from them only if the principal debtor doesn't have adequate liquidities to repay the dues. Disposing a petition filed by three employees of Mahatma Gandhi University who were guarantors of a chitty taken by one of their acquaintances, Justice P R Ramachandra Menon ordered KSFE to recover the dues attaching the assets of the principal debtor.Mini Panicker of Pala auctioned six chitties run by Kottayam and Alappuzha branches of KSFE after providing Satheesh Chandran Nair, Reghunathan Nair and Tony Mathew -all employees of Mahatma Gandhi University as guarantors. After the principal debtor defaulted around Rs 9. 5 lakh towards the repayment of the chitty installments, KSFE issued notices to her and guarantors demanding immediate repayment of the defaulted amount .As she failed to pay back the amount, the KSFE started procedures to recover the amount from the salaries of the guarantors.They challenged the act of KSFE citing that the financial institution hadn't taken any step to recover the amount from the principal debtor despite she had enough assets. During the hearing of the petition, the court asked KSFE about the measures taken by them to recover the amount from Mini Panicker. In its reply,KSFE said that they did nothing but simply issued a demand notice.Later, another person called James Varghese impleaded in the case arguing that he had bought the property of Mini, which the guarantors wanted the KSFE to attach, before the KSFE issued demand notice. But Kottayam district collector who conducted a probe whether claim by James is true had found his arguments baseless . Kerala Land Revenue Commissioner also upheld the findings of the district collector.James Varghese challenged order s of district collector and land revenue commissioner before Kerala High Court by impleading in case filed by the guarantors. Admitting the argument by the counsel of the petitioner that recovering the amount from the guarantors when the principal debtor has enough assets will lead to social injustice, Justice Ramachandra Menon upheld the order of Kottayam district collector and land revenue commissioner to recover the amount after attaching the assets of principal debtor.ENDS", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "virudhunagar", "code": "16564601", "title": "Surgical bandage units face severe crisis", "text": "VIRUDHUNAGAR: The supply of surgical bandages, the crucial life saving product, is likely to be hit due to the power cuts.The handloom and power loom owners at Chatrapati near Rajapalayam in Virudhunagar district, the hub of surgical dressing production who used to manufacture 10 lakh metres of bandages per day, are producing only four lakh metres per day due to the power crunch.The small loom owners have announced a strike on October 4 condemning the power cuts. \"On Tuesday, power supply was suspended for 14 hours. The production has fallen from 200 metre of surgical bandage per day from each loom to 80 metres. We are also forced to increase our input cost by 12% by way of diesel for the generators,\" says Maathuran, president of Chatrapati Small Handloom Surgical Dressing Manufacturers Association.Nestled in the foothills of the Western Ghats, this small town of Chatrapati has nearly 5,000 looms spinning about 10 lakh metres of surgical bandages every day that save many lives across the country and even some European countries. \"One day strike is the first step. We will intensify our protest if the situation does not improve,\" says Maathuran. The manufacturers seem to be aware of the power crunch across the state, but insist that there should be a system in thrusting power cuts. \"We should be intimated about the power cut timings. Every time we restart after a power cut, it takes 45 minutes for the yarn to fall in place and commence actual spinning,\" he notes.A Subramanian, president of the Tamil Nadu Surgical Dressing Manufacturers Association says that he has not seen such a crisis for the industry, since 1964 when the first surgical dressing unit was set up in Chatrapati. \"My unit was making a turnover of Rs 40 lakh per month. But now, we are struggling to make even Rs 20 lakh,\" he says. The 100-odd units, including eight export-oriented, were making a monthly turnover of Rs 50 crore during the heydays.The manufacturers are worried that if the situation continues, they may lose the market to competitors. \"There are manufacturers in places like Malegaon. We still managed to hold the market in North India because of our quality and competitive pricing. But, we may lose the market if we are not able to meet the buyers' demands,\" says G Muthu of Sundaram Surgical Products.\"We used to produce 250 metres per day in a loom, which has come down to 100 metres now. The profit margin in a meagre five per cent, but we shell out 12% additional input cost for diesel generators, ultimately suffering a loss,\" says A Asokan of Sri Arumuga Enterprises, who supply bandages to Bangalore.The worst-affected are labourers, who are paid on the basis of the bandages they spin per day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "16562658", "title": "Budding archer sets sights high", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: She comes across as any typical 10-year-old chatting away to glory and constantly on the lookout to pull a leg or two. However, the impish grin on K Joshna's face hides much more than just the will to excel. The young lass, who stood fourth in the junior category of the recently concluded National Archery Ranking Championship in Visakhapatnam, not only trains at the Cherukuri Lenin Academy in Vijayawada but also lives there.\"She is a live-wire, full of energy and a thorough prankster. She loves to pull a fast one on her friends in the academy. Looking at her one would not know what she had been through,\" observed academy promoter Satyanarayana. Orphaned at the age of seven and abandoned by her kin, young Joshna was left destitute. Rescued by the late Cherukuri Lenin she promises much hope today and is driven to live up to the expectations of her former coach and mentor.Having won a bronze in the mini-nationals (sub-junior) championship held in Vijayawada in 2011, the budding archer hopes to hit the international scene by 2014. \"This (National Ranking tourney) is her second major tournament and she did well to stand fourth in the junior category. In fact, she was head and shoulders above the others in the second round,\" said Satyanarayana.When asked what she loves doing the most, her prompt reply was archery. Probed further, she spoke about her other interests. \"Telugu movies and songs from all the latest hits,\" she said. A class VI student at the Viswa Bharati Vidyaniketan, Joshna puts in five hours of practice every day and aims to hit the bull's eye consistently. \"It does not matter whether it is a practice session or a competition, I have to shoot well,\" observed Joshna.When asked if the big names impress her, her reply was that she loved interacting with them. Competitive by nature, Joshna is not somebody in awe of the big stage or big names, despite being one of the youngest competitors in the ranking tourney, Joshna carried herself with the panache of a senior pro without a trace of nervousness. \"It is almost as if she knows where she belongs,\" said Satyanarayana.Coach Rama Rao said the girl is full of promises. \"She is a consistent performer and is hard working. If she continues to focus this well, it would take her a long way in the future,\" he said. On her tragic past, he noted that she would never let anything deter her from looking forward to the future and observed that Lenin's death had only strengthened her resolve.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "16563287", "title": "Man falls from coconut tree, dies", "text": "Ponda: Mahesh Vithal Gaude, 32, a PWD worker, succumbed to his injuries after falling from a coconut tree at his residence in Talule-Bandora in Ponda on Wednesday evening. He was plucking coconuts when the accident occurred. Gaude is survived by his wife and two children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16564315", "title": "MSEDCL junior engineer lands in ACB net for accepting bribe", "text": "PUNE: A junior engineer of the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited (MSEDCL) was arrested by the state anti-corruption bureau (ACB) on Wednesday. Asha Poonamchand Pawar (42), a resident of Mahavirnagar, Wadgaonsheri, was caught accepting a Rs 3,000 bribe in exchange for a report regarding permission for new electricity connections in Kharadi.The complaint was lodged by electrician Satyawan Kolhe (28).Assistant police commissioner (ACB) Bharat Bhosale said that five customers from Kharadi had submitted applications to the MSEDCL, seeking electricity supply and the installation of new meters. The company had given the work contract to D S Jadhavar, with whom the complainant, Kolhe, works as an electrician. Bhosale said that Kolhe had approached Pawar and asked her to visit the spot and give a report so that he could start the work. \"However, Pawar demanded Rs 1,000 for each connection from Kolhe. She also told him that after getting the money, she would immediately submit the report,\" he said.Bhosale said that Kolhe approached the ACB and lodged the complaint against Pawar. \"We laid a trap on Wednesday. Kolhe and Pawar visited the houses of the five customers in Kharadi. After the visits, Pawar demanded Rs 5,000 from Kolhe. He told her that he had only Rs 3,000. Pawar accepted the money and asked Kolhe to give the remaining amount later. We arrested Pawar as she was accepting the money,\" Bhosale said.The ACB team comprised police inspectors Vinod Satav and police constables Vinod Zagde and Jyoti Gaikwad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "16564417", "title": "Maoist commander caught in Rayagada forest", "text": "KORAPUT: A Maoist commander was arrested during a joint raid by f CPI (Maoist) and Odisha Police in Rayagada district on Wednesday. He is Srinath Brekbeda alias Raju, the commander of Bansadhara division of CPI (Maoist).Police said Srinath was arrested from a forested area in Gudari. \"We had intelligence inputs about the presence of Maoists in Gudari forest and and planned the operation accordingly. There were around 5 to 7 Maoists, who escaped seeing the securitymen. But the the commander was nabbed,\" said SP (Rayagada) Rajesh Pandit.Police said Srinath had joined the Maoists in 2007 and was a member of the special action team of the Bansadhara division. Srinath was a close associate to the Maoist leader Azad and was working with Rebel leader Nikhil, secretary of Bansadhara division. \"Srinath was carrying a landmine and one SBML rifle. He has confessed to his involvement in around 10 major Maoist offensives in the district, including murders, attacking police outposts and blowing up mobile phone towers in the past few years,\" the SP said. \"Srinath, was an expert in handling landmines and pressure action IEDs. He used to extort money from traders and contractors,\" the SP added.In another development, nine suspected Maoists were arrested in Koraput district on Wednesday during a combing operation undertaken by the BSF and Odisha Police. \"We were tipped-off about the presence of Maoists in Elangavalsa village and started the operation. The Maoists were arrested in and around the village,\" said DIG (south-west range) S Devdutta Singh. \"No arms and weapons were recovered from the arrested Red rebels and there has been no report of any injury from either side,\" said DIG (south-west range) S Devdutta Singh.The arrested rebels are Kadraka Jama, Kadraka Dharmeya, Kadraka Drimba, Kadraka Rajiga, Kadraka Kameya, Kadraka Ramulu, Kadraka Soma, Kadraka Linga and Mleka Ela. They belong to the Jhanjabati area group of Korput-Srikakulam divisional area committee. \"The Maoists have confessed to their involvement in around eight offensives, including murder and exchange of fire with securitymen within Bandhugaon and Narayanpatna police limits in the past one year,\" said SP (Koraput) Awinash Kumar.The arrest comes close on the heels of the surrender of two Red rebels in the district on Monday. \"We have intensified our anti-Maoist operations in Narayanpatna and Bandhugaon areas and are hopeful of more arrests in the days to come,\" the SP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16563732", "title": "'Don't manipulate friends'", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Friendship is the basis of all relationships and is most rewarding when based on 'selflessness', said Rooshikumar Pandya, a well-known motivator on Wednesday, while delivering the second lecture of the AMA Week on Empowering Relations.He stressed that while forging friendships, one should take care not to get trapped in any 'manipulative deceit'. He added that true friendship transcends everything, whether it is religion, caste, creed, social status or financial status.\"The Mahabharata, the Ramayana and the Panchantantra are replete with stories of friendship from which we could draw meaningful lessons,\" he said. \"In the popular Krishna-Sudama relationship, one finds that the innocence, ambivalence and hesitation of Sudhama on the one hand and the humility and magnanimity of Krishna on the other, offer greater insights into what makes any relationship work and flourish.\"The Duryodhan-Karna relationship is a classic example of friendship based on deep trust and loyalty. In contrast, the friendship between childhood pals Dronacharya and Drupad, who later became king, turned into a saga of revenge and love that turned into hate. There remained nothing in common between friends except the fact that they were sharing the eternal glory of great warriors lying dead on the battlefield.\"Aggressive use of power has no place in a friendship. Friendship is about reasonable expectations and demands. Also, making promises that one can't honour or have no intention of honouring, creates hurt and crisis of confidence,\" Pandya said.Friendship is a bond which is beyond any description, he added. \"It is based on trust, love, care, mutual understanding and sacrifice. The definition of friendship changes with age. As one grows up, one changes and becomes more mature. One passes through different phases of life. But one's friend is the constant support factor. This is the beauty of friendship which has to be carefully nourished and nurtured at all times.\" According to him, one could be non-judgmental or judgmental in a friendship, but the common thread is finding a way to make things work. Such a positive approach could help clear matters.\"We choose our friends and if we nurture the friendship, it becomes a very special bond,\" Pandya emphasized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16565304", "title": "World Heart Day: Kolkata tops metros in heart disease risk", "text": "KOLKATA: On World Heart Day this Saturday, Kolkatans will have to pledge to take better care of their hearts by growing more healthy food habits and leading a disciplined lifestyle. A recent study showed that 74% of respondents from the city had the risk of developing cardiovascular diseases (CVDs), highest among the metros. The all-India figure stands at 72%, according to Saffolalife Heart Study 2012.Kolkata also emerged the 'smoking capital' with 19% of the respondents being smokers, the all-India figure being about 16%. According to doctors, smoking is known to increase blood pressure and release free radicals.\"Though medical science has advanced now with effective drugs and devices like stents and pacemakers being easily available in the market, there is no substitute for prevention. A healthy lifestyle, including a proper diet and briskly walking 4 to 5 kms daily are effective ways of preventing heart ailments,\" said Dr D Kahali, senior consultant cardiologist at BM Birla Heart Research Centre.Around 72% of respondents from the city had very low good cholesterol (HDL) level. A whopping 78% said they consumed less than two helpings of healthy whole grams per day while 67% exercise less than four times a week.\"Controlling of obesity, regular exercises along with dietary modification - low-calorie, nutrient-rich food, more fresh vegetables and whole grain cereals - help maintain a healthy life by preventing CVD,\" said Ipshita Chakravarty, chief dietician at Fortis Hospital. Chakravarty was part of the team that conducted the study.More alarmingly, the young population is at high risk of developing heart ailments, showed the study. Around 75% of the male population in the age group of 30 to 44 stood the risk of CVD while the corresponding figure for the female population was 57%.\"Now we get very young patients with heart ailments. I recently treated a 22-year-old youth for blockage in the main artery,\" said Kahali.The study conducted across 12 cities had covered more than 1.12 lakh people in the age group of 30 to 80 years. According to experts, the projected number of cardiovascular disease-related deaths in India by 2020 will be more than double the number in 1990, which was 11.75 lakh. Majority of them could in the productive working age group of 30 to 44.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16564128", "title": "Constable injured after being stabbed by criminal", "text": "PUNE: A police constable was seriously injured after he was attacked by a man whom he tried to arrest at Janwadi on Wednesday evening.Constable Chandrashekhar Digamber Khatri, of the Chatushrungi police station, was stabbed in the abdomen, head and upper limbs. He has been admitted to a private hospital. The suspect, Vinayak Suryavanshi (34) of Janwadi has been arrested.Chatushrungi police senior inspector Ajay Kadam said that Khatri was on night patrol at Janwadi when the attack occurred. Khatri had received information from a local resident that Suryavanshi, who has a criminal record, had been spotted in the locality. \"Khatri was investigating the matter when he came across Suryavanshi and apprehended him,\" said Kadam.\"Suryavanshi pulled out a knife and started assaulting Khatri in an attempt to escape. Despite sustaining wounds, Khatri managed to overpower Suryavanshi and drew the attention of his colleague on patrol duty to take charge of the situation.\"Deputy commissioner of police (zone III) Shahaji Umap later visited the injured constable and announced a Rs 5,000 reward for Khatri's act of bravery.An offence of attempted murder has been registered against Suryavanshi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16563788", "title": "Diwali break for schools delayed", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board (GSHSEB) has decided to postpone the Diwali vacation from November 8 to November 12, 2012. The decision which affects 11,000 schools all over the state was taken at the board's executive committee meeting.Officials said this was decided because it was found that the Diwali vacation declared in the education calendar was clashing with the XIth (Science) first semester exams. The exams were ending on November 10 while the vacation was announced from November 8. To rectify this, the board postponed the vacation to November 12. Schools will re-open on December 3, 2012.Meanwhile, the board cancelled the recognition of three schools. This includes Navrang School in Odhav. DEO has recommended de-recognition following scams of dummy candidates and bogus students were unearthed at the school. Charges of destruction of documents and misuse of government grant were proved against the school. Recognition of two other schools have also been cancelled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16564602", "title": "Suspecting infidelity, man severs wife's nose, ear", "text": "BHOPAL: Suspecting wife's character, a man severed his wife's nose, an ear and pierces one eye on a moving train between Kurwai and Bhopal on Wednesday.The woman remained critical in Hamidia Hospital here while GRP Bhopal had registered a case under sections of attempt to murder against the husband.The police said the woman, Kaniza Bi along with her husband, Saleem and brother Iqbal was coming to Bhopal in Rajya Rani Express in the morning.The woman had a dispute with her husband after which the latter took her to train's toilet and attacked her with a knife. Saleem first severed her nose, right ear and then pierced an eye of his wife, the police added.The police said prima facie it appears the accused suspected his wife's character.It is the second marriage of woman with Saleem, the police said, adding that he would often fight with his wife suspecting her character.After the train reached the Bhopal railway station, the woman was rushed to Hamidia hospital. The accused was also detained and efforts are on to recover the knife he used in the crime, the police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16562252", "title": "It doesn't look good for CoP makeover", "text": "HYDERABAD: With only four days left for the mega biodiversity meet, host city Hyderabad is still far from pretty, the multi-crore beauty treatment notwithstanding. And painting the ugliest picture is the official venue for CoP-11, Hitex-HICC which is thick with dug-up stretches, broken road dividers, withering saplings, heaps of felled branches and a stinking water body. The unfinished parking lot and helipad, exclusively being re-done for the dignitaries, on Wednesday appeared more like a construction site sitting in the middle of a swamp.Most of the previously planted saplings in and around the venue are on their death bed and being hurriedly replaced with marigolds and other seasonal flowers which, however, have so far failed to uplift the look of the venue, instead only adding to the clutter and chaos.Government-appointed contractors working at the site said that they were confident that they would succeed in fixing every gap in the remaining two-three days to present to the foreign delegates a 'shining' Hyderabad. That they have already missed one deadline (September 25), and in some cases even two (September 20), is another story.\"We will finish everything by Friday. We are working day and night for this,\" said a contractor standing in front of a half-done stretch of road at Hitex. Considering that on Wednesday afternoon this area had only a thin presence of labourers, this claim seemed not too reassuring.Even the few deployed at the site seemed in no hurry to wrap up the work before the next deadline, September 29. Although the once sewage-filled lake, located in the middle of HICC, looks cleaner than it did once, an unbearable stench continues to rise from the water body. Its banks were littered with axed remains of trees that had surrounded the lake until a few weeks back. In all, Hitex-HICC seemed far from ready to roll out the red carpet for CoP delegates, many of whom are likely to arrive in the city in the next few days.The primary roads leading to the official venue were also far from being picture perfect. Road-widening work was still on, the medians on many stretches remained barren and the graffiti on walls far from complete. Low-hanging cables and yet-to-be concealed underground pipelines dot these stretches. The situation on Wednesday was much the same on the road leading from Begumpet to Madhapur, via Banjara and Jubilee Hills, barring some stretches where the roads are looking cleaner with a fresh coat of tar, painted dividers newly-placed plants.But, otherwise, the authorities continue to struggle with the plants. Having failed twice over to spruce up the look with bougainvilleas, authorities have now gone for marigold and other common species. There are also flower pots dotting parts of the town although many of these remained empty on Wednesday evening.The ornamental saplings used to decorate some junctions in Jubilee Hills, too, were drooping. Further down in Madhapur, snapped cables were seen lying on roads and the dug-up footpaths. The lack of urgency among authorities was evident from the absence of any activity at the venue on Wednesday.Officials of the state ministry of environment and forests (MoEF), too, are worried at the pace of work. \"The department is saying that it is confident of finishing the work in time. But we predict a delay of at least four-five days. Maybe by the time the main CoP event begins (from October 8), the situation will be better,\" said an MoEF source. Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation officials could not be reached for a comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16562163", "title": "Chandrababu Naidu calls for all-party meet on Telangana issue", "text": "HYDERABAD: TDP chief N Chandrababu Naidu on Wednesday night shot off a letter to PM Manmohan Singh requesting the Centre to convene an all-party meeting where his party's stand would be clearly spelt out. He reminded the PM that the TDP had made its stand known on the Telangana issue through a letter to the Pranab Mukherjee Committee way back in 2008.Accusing the Centre of \"complicating\" the statehood issue, Naidu said that its failure to take a call on the issue had pushed AP into a \"deep crisis.\" He accused the Congress and the TRS of trying to gain political mileage out of the Telangana issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "siliguri", "code": "16563348", "title": "East Bengal gear up to take on impressive Churchill", "text": "SILIGURI: When East Bengal players troop into the Kanchenjungha Stadium on Thursday to battle with Churchill Brothers for a place in the Federation Cup final, they can look back fondly to a match held at the same venue 14 years ago, and at the same stage of the competition. A young Rennedy Singh rose to the occasion to give East Bengal an odds-defying win against the Goa side. The red-and-golds, then coached by Manoranjan Bhattacharya, went on to lose the final to arch-rivals Mohun Bagan in Kolkata, leading to the induction of Ghanaian duo Suley Musah and Jackson Agyapong as well as Kenyan Sammy Omello in the side which changed the club's fortunes.Rennedy, now a Shillong Lajong player and at the fag end of his career, got nostalgic while recalling that moment. \"We were underdogs and struggling at that time. The ground was muddy, and yet we put up a tremendous performance,\" the former India midfielder told TOI from Shillong.Back to the present, and East Bengal are once again being termed the \"underdogs\" by coach Trevor Morgan as they go up against Subhas Bhowmick's \"impressive\" Churchill. This time, too, the odds too are stacked heavily against the red and golds, who will be playing their sixth consecutive Federation Cup semifinal.\"We will start as underdogs and that gives you determination. Playing against a team which has scored nine goals in two games means we are not facing an easy job. I'm quite impressed with their (Churchill's) performance. They have big players like Beto, who are familiar with big occasions like this. It's not that they are stepping into the unknown,\" was Morgan's pre-match analysis on Wednesday. Very few know East Bengal better than Bhowmick, who was in charge of the team during its most successful period, guiding them to back-to-back National League titles as well as the ASEAN Club Championship. It's understandable that for a man who has been there and done that, things won't be accepted at face value. \"There are no favourites in these matches. East Bengal have a rich tradition and I'm not a fool to take them for granted,\" Bhowmick maintained. \"We have come here with an objective. If we achieve it, it's good but if we fail, hell will not break loose.\"If quarterfinal group-stage form is anything to go by, Churchill have shown that they are made of a combination of steel and skill. In Brazilian Beto, Gabonese Henry Antchouet and Lebanese Akram Moghrabi, they have the firepower to crush any challenge. And in defender Bilal Najjarin, another recruit from Lebanon, they have a source of confidence in the backline.East Bengal, on the other hand, look like a mesh of contradictions. The fact that they have scored seven goals but also conceded five - including three against Kalighat MS in the must-win final group league match - means that Morgan needs to make some tactical adjustments.Uga Okpara and Gurwinder Singh will return to the heart of defence to give it solidity, while the combination of Penn Orji and Edeh Chidi will look to breach the solid Churchill defence. Morgan lamented about \"lack of recovery time,\" having to play the semifinal a day after their hard-fought win over Kalighat MS. It remains to be seen whether they carry on the fightback or surrender to a promising Churchill. Truth to tell, it's anybody's game.* Live on DD Sports from 6.30 pm", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16563464", "title": "UP sitting on oral cancer epidemic?", "text": "LUCKNOW: Every third patient of oral cancer at Mumbai based Tata memorial hospital (TMH) is from Uttar Pradesh. Doctors identify 150 patients of oral cancer at the head and neck outpatient department of TMH in a day. By this estimate, 50 UPites with oral cancer look up to surgeons at the hospital seeking help to fight the losing battle against cancer every day. The numbers add up to 250 oral cancer patients per week, 1000 per month and 12,000 per annum.And that's data from just one hospital. Alarmed over the situation, doctors at TMH recently wrote to chief minister Akhilesh Yadav. The letter was penned down by Dr Pankaj Chaturvedi, who said, \"Every Tuesday and Thursday, I examine dozens of new patients waiting for admission. I am saddened to see among them a very large proportion of people who have contracted cancer of the mouth or throat because of their addiction to tobacco in its various forms. These patients come from various states all over India. But I wish to tell you with great sadness that a very large proportion of them come from your state.\"Patients suffering with tobacco-induced mouth cancers are bound to spill over at such big centers keeping the prevalence rate of 20 per lakh population in mind. A glimpse of the situation can be gathered at oncology departments of Sanjay Gandhi post graduate institute of medical sciences (SGPGIMS) and King George's Medical University (KGMU) that have an average footfall of 300 per day. Prof Neeraj Rastogi, of radiotherapy department, SGPGIMS, revealed that majority of the persons needing radiotherapy in the head and neck category suffer from cancers of the mouth. \"Smokeless tobacco, particularly gutkha and khaini are to be blamed,\" he said.Tobacco consumption up by 7% in state: As per the latest Global Adult Tobacco Survey (GATS) survey, 56% males consume tobacco in UP. The corresponding survey for 2010 revealed that 49% of state men consume tobacco in one form or the other. In Uttar Pradesh, 34% men chew tobacco in different forms, like plain tobacco, khaini, and gutkha, pan masala while 22% use cigarettes, hookah, chilam and bidis. Not only this, two districts in the state have figured as one of the most tobacco consuming places.The health survey also confirmed that 13% of UP population is a smoker with most of them located in Sitapur district where every third man is a smoker. Banda leads the category in case of chewing tobacco with 67% men consuming tobacco. What calls for urgent attention is that most productive population of the state is in the grip of tobacco addiction. Thus, this major portion of population is not able to give its best output when it comes to productivity. This could be one of the reasons that UP is still among the underdeveloped states in the country.Gutkha's the most dangerous of all: Talking to TOI, Dr Chaturvedi said, \"Tobacco has been in use in India for centuries but never in the history its consumption assumed epidemic proportions. Cancers of the mouth have increased in leaps and bounds only when companies introduced commercialised and later glamourised gutkha and pan masala so much so that it became a status symbol. All this may have filled state coffers, but the worrying fact is the price paid for it in human lives.\"Over 328 lakh men and women above the age of 15 years in the state consume smokeless forms of tobacco. Almost 41.5% (or 136.21 lakh individuals) of these consume gutkha. Most of those who consume gutkha would sooner or later develop cancers, considering 4,000 types of cancer-causing chemical agents in its ingredients. Dental experts reveal that all those who consume smokeless forms of tobacco suffer from some kind of dental problem anyway.Cancer prevention costs only 15 paise per head: \"By banning gutkha, the government would do a favour to itself. They would not only save a lot of money, but also the invaluable lives of people,\" said Bobby Ramakant, a local anti-tobacco crusader. It may be noted that cancer prevention costs less than 15 paise per person which is a miniscule portion of Rs 5 lakh that is spent on cancer care. Amidst all the debate, sources in the state government said that their hands were tied on account of political compulsions. However, as officials refrain from commenting on the issue, activists keep their fingers crossed.World Health Organization also believes in a thumb-rule on the socio-economic burden of tobacco. Asserting that tobacco was the only product in the world which can do nothing else but harm people, except for earning revenue worth few millions to governments, the experts noted, \"Health care losses on account of tobacco-related illnesses is ten times the revenue generated through sale of tobacco or its products.\" UP government's mega plan to open up a state of the art cancer hospital in Lucknow is an example. As per initial estimates, the government would spend about Rs 500 crore on raising the infrastructure for the project.The paradox of inaction: The scary stats shared by doctors failed to convince UP government to act against gutkha despite the Allahabad High court taking a tough stand on the issue. Picking up facts and figures from the recently released GATS or global adult tobacco survey, they highlighted the potential burden of disease and expenditure that stares at the face of health department in the state.\"Officials can only guess the social and financial burden of cancer. Life tends to scatter when the bread-winner of a family takes ill of an incurable disease like cancer,\" said Amita Dubey, who's husband died of oral cancer recently. \"The children lose their parent, have to compromise with a lower quality of life which may also mean quitting education midway and forgetting their dreams,\" added Sheetal Gupta, who's husband is undergoing treatment in TMH.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16563743", "title": "School principal ends life", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A school principal committed suicide under mysterious circumstances on Wednesday evening. The Isanpur police who are investigating the case are yet to ascertain exactly why the educationist took this extreme step.Principal of Cosmos School in Maninagar, Hemant Palvenkar, ended his life by jumping in front of a Mumbai-bound train. Police said the incident took place in Maninagar at 5.45 pm. News of the suicide spread like wildfire in Maninagar and among the first to reach the site was social worker Harshad Patel. He took out an identity card from the victim's pockets and also his telephone number. Patel then informed the government railway police about the incident and then called up family members of Palvenkar.But, the cops did not show the same haste as Patel. City cops and the railway police locked their horns over whose jurisdiction the suicide had taken place. It took the two police agencies more than two hours to reach a consensus. Initially, GRP officials said that the suicide had taken place in the jurisdiction of Isanpur police, while the city police maintained that the suicide was in purview of the railway police and they should investigate the matter. Finally, senior officials intervened and Isanpur police took over the probe.\"We've spoken to some family members of the deceased. But, they couldn't throw any light on why the principal had ended his life. They said that Palvenkar's school was running smoothly and he didn't face any problems professionally. Neither did they mention that there was any trouble in his family. Since the victim has not left any suicide note, we're probing all possibilities,\" said an Isanpur police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16570423", "title": "HC directs GSTC to treat mill workers at par with HQ staff", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court has directed the Gujarat State Textile Corporation (GSTC) to treat employees of 11 specified textile mills of the city at par with its officers working at the head office in regards with their pay scale.The court has asked GSTC and the official liquidator to pay the difference within six months to those 600 workers of closed mills, who are associated with GSTC and Technical Union.The workers' case was - though GSTC is granted benefit of the 3rd and 4th Pay Commission to the employees working at the head office, it has refused to govern the employees working at 11 specified mills by the service rules and denied the benefits of Pay Commission.The workers's union filed the petition, on which the high court held that the members of the petitioner union who were employees of the 11 specified mills are required to be treated at par with the employees working at the GSTC head office.The union's lawyer Mukul Sinha stated that due to court's intervention, all the workmen at these mills after their absorption in GSTC would be entitled to the benefit of Pay Commission and difference in voluntary retirement scheme and terminal benefits accordingly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16562773", "title": "CM clears property deals in 312 colonies", "text": "NEW DELHI: Eager to be seen delivering on her regularization promise, chief minister Sheila Dikshit on Wednesday issued directions to allow sale, purchase and registration of property in 312 unauthorized colonies built on private land. These were among the 895 colonies regularized early this month.Property transactions in the remaining 583 colonies, however, may be allowed only early next year as these are built on government land and the state will need time to remove legal hurdles.For the Congress government, this is yet another attempt to win over lakhs of voters in these colonies in the run-up to the 2013 assembly polls.While the direction to allow registration in these colonies will translate into an official order only after the law department's scrutiny, both Dikshit and her minister for urban development, Arvinder Singh Lovely , are pushing for an early declaration.Chairing the first review of the task force on regularization of unauthorized colonies, the CM instructed officers to speed up regularization of the remaining 583 colonies.As per the notification, these 583 colonies can be regularized only after the state recovers the cost of public land on behalf of the land owning agency. \"Many of these colonies do not fit the exact description of government land and thus a scrutiny is necessary,\" Lovely said.The government plans to be ready with an action plan to allow sale, purchase and registration of properties in these colonies by January next year. Dikshit has also instructed the municipal corporations to finalize layout plans of all the regularized colonies by December 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16564595", "title": "Railways duped of crores by iron ore exporters", "text": "NEW DELHI: A multi-disciplinary investigation has detected a massive fraud by several mining companies by showing transport of iron ore for exports through railways as movement for domestic consumption. The domestic freight charge for iron ore transportation via railways is just one-sixth of the export rates.The fraudulent claim may have cost the exchequer a few thousand crores, which is several times the initial assessments made last year, according to latest reports.According to sources, the investigation team comprising officers from CBI, customs, excise and railways has found that nine out of the 10 iron ore companies examined until now have indulged in the fraud.The investigation began sometime last year against Kolkata-based Rashmi group. It was found to have duped railways of almost Rs 700 crore by transporting iron ore meant for export at domestic freight charges.As investigations progressed, the multi-agency probe was widened to examine other companies too. \"Until now, we have examined 10 companies, and nine of them have indulged in the same fraud,\" a senior official overseeing the investigations said.The CBI has filed two cases in Kolkata, against Rashmi group and officials of railways and central excise. Sources said action was being taken against seven other companies too.\"Of the 10 companies which transported iron ore through railways for domestic consumption, nine companies had made largescale diversion of iron ore,\" a preliminary report on the investigation submitted to the Central Vigilance Commission said. CVC is overseeing the investigations, and has asked railways to identify officials who may have been part of the conspiracy.Of the nine, four companies also availed priority 'C' facility provided by railways for allotment of rakes between 2008-09 and 2010-11 to encourage domestic movement of iron ore, according to the investigation. One of the companies even filed inflated production figures to get more rakes than was necessary, sources said.While there was no initial assessment available of the losses suffered by the railways, one official said it would definitely run into \"a few thousand crores\". After the fraud came to light, the railways had slapped Rs 660 crore notice on Rashmi group for exports it carried out through Haldia port. Rashmi group has challenged the order.The entire scam started sometime in May 2008, when railways decided to charge a higher freight rate for exports in the wake of the huge surge in iron ore exports, especially to China. The south-east railway zone, where many of the companies defrauded the railways, alone earned Rs 8,187 crore in 2010-11 despite the scam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16569852", "title": "Healthcare sector in India: Problems and ways to improve it", "text": "One of the common topics of discussion at get-togethers both within India and within NRI communities abroad is the experiences they or their families had at hospitals in India. And usually these discussions are very negative and end with severe criticism of doctors and hospitals.The healthcare situation in India when we look across the country in a cross-section is of course bad. This is undoubtedly true when we consider key indices like maternal mortality rate and infant mortality rate which are amongst the worst in the world. Unfortunately this situation continues despite the government coming out with large scale initiatives, probably due to corruption and lack of effective implementation.The Union health minister has recently acknowledged that out of pocket health expenditure caused due to lack of access to adequate public healthcare is preventing a large section of population from climbing above the poverty line and pushing another large section back below the line. We cannot dream to become a developed country while we continue to fail in the improvement of one of the most important sectors.Unfortunately, it's not just the public healthcare that is in trouble. What is equally disheartening is the situation in the urban areas. We have a rapidly progressing private healthcare sector in the towns and cities, most of which now have very big specialised hospitals with state-of-the-art equipment and skilled doctors. Unfortunately, we seem to be failing to achieve patient satisfaction even at this end of the spectrum. There appears to be widespread dissatisfaction, unhappiness and frustration amongst public about the healthcare they are getting even in the larger city hospitals. There is an intrinsic lack of trust in doctors and hospitals.This trust deficit between the patients/public on one side and the doctors/hospitals on the other side appears to be causing a significant negative effect on the recovery and well-being of patients and the quality of care as a whole. The gap needs to be bridged and all sides need to take steps to make sure that there is a coherent approach that leads to better patient care and satisfaction at an affordable cost. The first step in this direction is to go back to basics and remind ourselves of the roles and responsibilities of each group.In very broad terms, the medical profession needs to ensure uniform standards of high probity and integrity amongst its members and good practice of evidence based medicine. Doctors should only practice in fields they had training in and refer other patients to relevant specialists early in the patient journey. They need to maintain good documentation and data and regularly audit their own performance and outcomes in an objective manner.The hospitals needs to plan their infrastructure and operational procedures centred on patient safety and comfort and this needs to be tightly regulated. There needs to be emphasis on data collection and audit of care and outcomes as part of a mandated clinical governance and quality assurance program. They should put in place a comprehensive set of policies and procedures for safe delivery of various aspects of service. They have to ensure that all the medical and non-medical staff treat the consumers (patients) with respect and empathy and put in place an effective mechanism to deal with patient complaints.The government needs to push healthcare to the top of its agenda and constantly work to have the policies, strategies and regulation that are on par with the developed healthcare systems. It needs to empower and expand the role of the Medical Council to act as an overall ensurer of good practice by members of medical profession and to act firmly against those who are outside the framework of expected professional and behavioural standards. It also needs to strengthen and expand the role of hospital accrediting agencies and make compliance mandatory for all healthcare organisations. It needs to promote the development of specialist medical bodies that govern and oversee the practice of members of their specialty and issue periodic guidelines and clinical pathways to attain uniform practice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16563510", "title": "Delhi high court asks Centre to consider experts\u2019 views on Katra-Qazigund line", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Wednesday directed the central government to consider experts' suggestions on public safety issues related to the Katra-Qazigund railway project connecting Jammu to Srinagar.A division bench of Chief Justice D Murugesan and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw asked \"the railway board to consider the representation of the petitioner and pass an order within eight weeks as the matter is in public interest\".The court also allowed petitioner NGO Centre For Public Interest Litigation (CPIL) to file a fresh representation and submit it before the Railway Board within a week. The HC was hearing a petition filed by advocate Prashant Bhushan alleging that the current alignment of the Katra-Qazigund rail link would cause \"serious safety problems\" for public and the railway ministry had rejected the experts' suggestions, including an alternative alignment.\"Eminent experts including ex-DMRC chief E Sreedharan , senior railway officials and a high-level expert committee have raised serious concerns over the current alignment which most say overlooks the basic human needs of safety, security and comfort while travelling, and makes the entire project unworkable,\" the petition said, adding that this was ignored to get political mileage out of the announcement of the new line.The plea added that there was strong support for an alternate alignment which was \"safe, less costly, which will considerably reduce route length (and thereby travel time), will improve stability, reduce maintenance cost and time and make relief operations easier\". Bhushan also said \"the alternate alignment is totally in consonance with international experience and practice of undertaking railway projects in mountainous and hilly regions\".The petition sought direction for the central government to set up an expert committee to review the entire alignment for the Katra-Qazigund link without being bound by the current approved alignment. The plea also sought the court's order for central vigilance commissioner (CVC) and comptroller and auditor general ( CAG ) to inquire into the financial losses, wastage, and the conduct of the ministry of railways.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16566376", "title": "Party workers unhappy with Rahul visit", "text": "RANCHI: The mission of AICC general secretary, Rahul Gandhi , to strengthen the party organization at the grassroots level and pacify disgruntled leaders, has apparently not yielded the desired results. The one-way communication of the Congress leader with grassroots workers, from the panchayat to the district level, has left most of them fuming. At none of the five meetings he held during his two-day visit to the state, did he allow the workers to talk about their problems and grievances. The junior Gandhi left for Delhi on Wednesday.Panchayat workers and block presidents said they wanted to bring to Rahul's notice how the state leadership is busy promoting their kin and ignoring them. \"After the debacle of the party in Uttar Pradesh and scams we thought things would change. We expected Rahul to listen to us and try to solve our problems. We wanted to make him aware that his whirlwind tours would not help strengthen the party. To our surprise, he gave a speech which was more like a sermon from an elderly person,\" said a fuming district president.He apparently wanted to inform Rahul how the Union tourism minister, Subodh Kant Sahay , and the state Congress Legislative Party leader, Rajendra Prasad Singh, were busy promoting their kin at the cost of the party. While Sahay ensured a ticket for his younger brother in the Hatia assembly by-election leading to the party's debacle in the poll, Singh's son has become the president of the Youth Congress.An executive committee member of the Jharkhand Pradesh Congress Committee, too, agreed that the one-way communication did not give disgruntled leaders any chance to vent their anger. \"Most of our senior leaders, including JPCC chief Pradeep Kumar Balmuchu, CLP leader and one of the senior most MLAs Chandra Shekhar Dubey have destroyed the party in Jharkhand,\" said the JPCC executive committee member, adding that had Rahul given the grassroots leaders a chance to speak their mind, things would have definitely been better.\"I also believe his mission has failed because the tour will not impact the organization. If this is the way he is going to communicate with us, then I am afraid the party will suffer more setbacks. And it may be difficult for us to retain even five out of the 13 seats,\" he said.The JPCC chief, however, had a different take on the issue. He said Rahul is aware of the ground realities in the state and, therefore, he tried to energize the workers. \"He is aware of everything and this is the reason why he called grassroots workers and didn't go chasing leaders,\" said Balmuchu and stressed that the party will emerge stronger in the coming years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16564182", "title": "Free air may be over for car at petrol pumps", "text": "INDORE: If petrol pump owners have their way, you will be charged for every service availed at a gas station. All these services come for free as of now. The petrol pump owners across the state are demanding the implementation of Apurva Chandra committee report, which has recommended for charging each and every service being provided by the petrol pumps, ranging from drinking water, filling of air to toilet. The petrol pump owners are also demanding hike in the dealership commission, being paid to them by the oil companies.Monica Anand, a corporate trainer, said, \"As the price of petroleum products has gone up, it will definitely help petrol pump owners get more margin. But, it has come as a jolt to end users. I think petrol pump owners should continue to provide basic amenities free of cost to customers as usual.\"Dr Naushad Ali, a practising doctor, said, '\"Why should they charge any amount for providing basic amenities to their customers. Whatever commission they are paid was enough to meet their requirement.\"Siddharth Khandelwal, an RTI activist, said, \"They provide these facilities as value added services and hence they shouldn't charge for them as it gives good impression about them among the customers.\"Of course, petroleum product dealers are demanding, among other things, increase in dealers' commission. The state-owned oil companies have increased prices of petroleum products a number of times in the past, but there has not been any hike in the dealers' commission. Hence, as part of symbolic protest, all petrol pump owners in the state have decided not to buy any petrol/diesel from their respective companies for two days from October 1.Afterwards, the dealers will go for limited working hours, beginning from 10 AM and will go until 07 PM from 15 October onwards. Of course the agitating employees at the petrol bunks will be taking break for one hour, between 2 and 3 pm to take lunch.Talking to ToI, Sudhir Airen, secretary, MP Federation of Petroleum Dealers' Association, which has decided to register its protest on the call given by Confederation of Indian Petroleum Dealers (CIPD), said, \"Neither oil companies nor the central government was ready to pay heed to our host of demands despite the fact that they have been increasing the price of petroleum frequently. Toilet facilities are being provided at a price by civic authorities. There is scarcity of water and it is available in majority of the places only against a price. Hence there is no reason why ROs should provide free services for toilets, air or drinking water. Hence, we are demanding the implementation of Apurva Chandra committee report with immediate effect.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16563425", "title": "What safeguards should be put in place at the MPT while handling coal and coke?", "text": "PANAJI: The main hazard of loading, unloading, handling and transporting of coal or coke is the generation of fine dust which is a health hazard through breathing, eye or skin contact. The international guidelines for handling coal and coke must be observed with workers protected through quality safety gear and work apparels. Suppression of the dust during loading and unloading operations through a fine water spray jet is of utmost necessity to contain the dust from being carried away. Excessive coal or coke dust clouds can ignite if subjected to high temperatures. The coal/coke jetty where water spray sprinklers are used must contain protective gutters to collect and filter the run-off water and not allowed to pollute the sea water. MPT should not be allowed to stock, load or unload coal or coke at it's jetty/s unless it satisfies the international coal/coke handling safeguards.Floriano LoboGoa Environmental Action Group, MoiraCoal handling has been taken up by MPT because major ports in the country rejected it knowing fully well the health and environmental hazards associated with it. Due to the dust, coal should be handled only in enclosures and transported in trucks which need to be covered properly. But this does not appear to be viable as far as MPT is concerned. So, I feel that MPT should forget their expansion plans and increase the export of other non-hazardous goods like drugs and medicines which are manufactured in Goa and exported to other countries.Doctor, VascoWhen handling these materials, port authorities need to ensure they stick to the international standards in terms of covering the coal or coke when transporting it. This problem is a result is overloading. Australia and America follow these standards and do not face that big a problem. Chicalim is very badly affected by coal handling, and people cannot even keep their windows open. The high sulphur content affects the respiratory system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16563916", "title": "Officers, teachers meet over Mumbai schools' new syllabi", "text": "MUMBAI: A meeting was held on Wednesday between education officials and representatives of schools from the city in order to comprehend changes to be brought into the syllabi for Std I to VIII from the next academic year.\"The aim was to get reactions of teachers and educationists,\" said Sanjay Patil, treasurer of Headmasters' Association. Education officials from Pune and other cities also attended this meet which was held at Swami Vivekanand School and Junior College in Chembur.The new syllabi will do away with a year-end final exam and adopt a method of continuous evaluation. \"The new syllabus aims to reduce the burden on students with smaller textbooks. The revamp is in response to the growing number of students leaving SSC schools to join national and international boards,\" said an official.Bina Gole, principal of the host school, said, \"Now, teachers are clear about the changes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16564625", "title": "NIT-Trichy faces acute power shortage", "text": "TRICHY: The power situation at NIT-Trichy is so grim, that it has prompted its director to come out with a statement expressing the need for students to come up with innovative solutions to tackle the issue. NIT-Trichy director S Sundarrajan on Wednesday referred to the power situation in his campus as \"miserable\" and said, \"If it were not a government institution, it would have been closed by now.\"Sundarrajan said the governing board of NIT-T had made the power problem a 'critical issue' and has already approved expenditure of Rs 60,000 a day for hiring generators for six months to start with. The power crunch is felt more than ever as the three-day \"Festember-2012,\" an annual inter-collegiate literary and cultural festival, gets underway from September 27 to 30.Talking on the sidelines of the meeting to give out information about this season's Festember festival, Sundarrajan said that with an asset of 3,000 brains (student strength), NIT-T could have shed more light on harnessing solar power for decentralized small-scale applications. Such a situation would also have freed higher institutions like this from the political manoeuvring that denied them uninterrupted power, he said.Sundarrajan repeatedly highlighted that the students - coming from varied backgrounds and highly talented - were the biggest asset and they were geared to withstand any challenges arising out of lack of power and unscheduled power outages. Answering a question, he said though the students were creative enough to come out with solar solutions to banish darkness at least within the campus. \"Academic learning is one thing, and entrusting students to solve infrastructural problems of the institution is another,\" Sundarrajan said. However, he said the institution would explore ways to buy commercially available solar power after six months because the power situation is worsening.A Bakthavatsalam, who is in-charge of training and placements, told TOI that the shortage of power - now 13 hours a day on campus - brought to a halt the day-to-day life of students. Though classes were conducted regularly, classroom projections go off time and again, and students who could not get good sleep came to class the next day haggard and bleary-eyed. \"This indeed takes a toll on the overall academic performance of students and blunts their innovative spirit,\" he said.The Central government spends not less than Rs 8 lakh per student graduating out of NITs, and they should not be given a raw deal, said an academic.Meanwhile, the dean of SRM Medical College Hospital and Research Centre near Chennai, Dr James Pandian, said that neither the hospital nor the research centre was affected by the power cut in the neighbourhood because the institution had full power back up.\"Our simulation centre, laboratories, operation theatres and everything else has full power back up because we cannot afford to compromise on health or research. The diesel generator expense goes up to Rs 80,000 to Rs1 lakh a day. On Sundays, when there are 14-hour power cuts sometimes we spend around Rs1.5 lakh,\" Pandian said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16564993", "title": "\u2018Windows 8 needs improvements\u2019", "text": "Improvements still need to be made to the software, Otellini told employees at a company meeting in Taipei on Tuesday, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the meeting was private. Microsoft is eager to get Windows 8, the first version of its flagship software designed for touch tablets, into computers next month to help it vie with Apple's iPad during the holiday shopping season. Releasing the operating system before it's fully baked is the right move, and Microsoft can make improvements after it ships, Otellini told staffers.Intel, the biggest semiconductor maker, is Microsoft's closest partner, and Otellini's remarks echo criticism from analysts such as Michael Cherry at Directions on Microsoft. While Windows is fundamentally sound, the operating system lacks a wide range of robust applications and PC makers haven't had enough time to work out kinks with so-called drivers, which connect software to such hardware as printers, Cherry said.\"We are concerned at the level of bugs and fine tuning that appears necessary to get the beta systems we demoed ready for prime time,\" Alex Gauna, an analyst at JMP Securities LLC in San Francisco, wrote in a Sept. 13 note in response to versions of Windows 8 shown at Intel's recent developer forum.VISTA FLOPTechnology vendors often release software before it's completely ready and make adjustments on the fly.Still, the practice can backfire. Vista, a version of Windows that debuted in 2007, was introduced two years late. It was met with poor adoption as the software initially didn't work with many applications and drivers.\"With over 16 million active preview participants, Windows 8 is the most tested, reviewed and ready operating system in Microsoft's history,\" said Mark Martin, a spokesman for Redmond, Washington-based Microsoft. Laura Anderson, a spokeswoman for Santa Clara, California-based Intel, declined to comment on the internal meeting. She also said that the company \"believes Windows represents a tremendous opportunity for our business and we're looking forward to working with Microsoft on enabling a host of new experiences on a variety of devices.\"INTEL SALESDuring the meeting, Otellini declined to elaborate on the company's outlook following the announcement this month that it's cutting the third-quarter revenue forecast. Lackluster demand for PCs won't be bad enough to cause the company to lay off workers, and the market will grow in 2013, he said.Intel said on Sept 7 that third-quarter sales will be $12.9 billion to $13.5 billion, from a prior projection of $13.8 billion to $14.8 billion. Analysts on average had estimated sales of $14.2 billion, data compiled by Bloomberg show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16564060", "title": "Chandigarh\u2019s realty shortage lowest in country", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Where a common man's dream of owning housing in Chandigarh may have been long shattered by the skyrocketing real estate prices, a large number of houses are lying locked or vacant. Despite this, the overall housing shortage is lowest in the country, pegged at 0.1%.According to report of the technical group, ministry of housing and poverty alleviation, on \"Estimation of Urban Housing Shortage\", number of unoccupied houses in the city is highest in a group of seven states and UTs.\"A number of houses in northern sectors are unoccupied as the owners have either shifted to live with their children abroad or belong to affluent families. Nobody wants to sell these buildings,\" said Kamaldeep Randhawa, a property consultant in Sector 54.Shortage of housing is calculated on the basis of the number of households, available housing stock, acceptable housing stock and overcrowding/congestion in the existing dwelling units.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "garwha", "code": "16566401", "title": "3 killed in Garhwa road accident", "text": "GARWHA: Three labourers on board a tractor carrying stone chips died on the spot when the vehicle over turned at Jirua Ghati on Ramuna-Dhurki road, about 30 km from the district headquarters here, on Wednesday. The victims have been identified as Kismatiya Devi (45), Babulal Korwa (35) and Manmati Devi (40).Police said the tractor was coming from Bulka village to Ramuna carrying stone chips, when the driver lost control of the vehicle at Jirua Ghati. The three labourers on board the tractor were crushed as the vehicle toppled over. \"They all died on the spot,\" said police. The tractor driver fled the spot after the accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "dindigul", "code": "16564690", "title": "Saving lives, from New Zealand", "text": "DINDIGUL: On Tuesday, Jean Watson (79), an old woman from New Zealand, was basking in the love and affection of many people at Nilakottai in Dindigul district. Many were seeking her blessings and some eagerly handed over their infants to Jean, wanting her to bless them. Those eager ones were poverty stricken children in the locality who were once educated by Jean through her Karunai Illam (Children's Home) she founded way back in 1987. For those who have gathered for the Silver Jubilee celebrations on Tuesday, 'Jean Aunty' is their saviour without whom they would have been nothing.Jean Watson is a writer from Whangarei, north of New Zealand, and she travelled throughout India in 1984. She had the urge to visit the country again, and after saving some money, she came back in 1986 and stayed in Kanyakumari for some time where she got acquainted with one Subbiah and his wife Mariyammal in the locality. When she visited them again in 1987 and travelled with them to Nilakottai, she found many poor children in the locality without proper education. Along with Subbiah and Mariyammal, she founded the Mahatma Karunai Illam in the same year with seven children.Karunai Illam offers boarding facilities to poor children, especially orphans, till they complete their schooling. The Illam also supports their higher education based on their family condition. As many as 471 poor students have stayed in the home since 1987 and there are 43 children still studying at present. \"I would call it an accident during my expedition in India,\" Jean laughs heartily, commenting about the founding of Karunai Illam. She had been supporting the home from New Zealand with her income and many of her friends and associates joined in later years to start Karunai Illam Trust (KIT) in New Zealand to fund the home.From a humble rented building, Karunai Illam has grown into a full-fledged children's home with a primary school and vocational training centre. But the journey was not always smooth for Jean, as trouble started with her associates running the home in 2006. They allegedly started misappropriating funds received for charity. She had to dissolve their partnership and later roped in DHAN Foundation as a partnering NGO.\"If Jean Aunty was not there, we would not be here and many among us would have never made a decent living,\" says S Boothapandi (22), an Armed Reserve cop in Dindigul. \"I would have ever remained a school dropout because I discontinued schooling for three years after my father went to jail. But someone in the village referred me to Karunai Illam and I will be completing my teacher training this year,\" says B Divya (23) from Theni. Along with education, the home taught them the discipline, self-confidence, etiquette and other virtues, many of the old students recalled.\"Along with regular education in schools, we empower our students with various life skills and communication skills. They learn computers, tailoring, embroidery and other skills and we insist on discipline and etiquette,\" says M Khader, project officer of the home. Jean, in spite of her old age, has bigger dreams for the home. \"We plan to start a children's habitat with foster mothers and captive schools so that we can accommodate even infants in future,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16563845", "title": "6 South Goa jetties inspected", "text": "MARGAO: Three teams of the directorate of mines and geology constituted to check the quantity and grade of iron ore stacked at the jetties, descended on the jetties located in Curchorem and Sanvordem on Wednesday. Sources said the teams inspected the stack of ore lying in five-six jetties on Wednesday and will visit the rest of the jetties in this area on Thursday. There are altogether 12 jetties in Curchorem and Sanvordem areas, it is learnt.The details obtained by the teams will help the directorate of mines and geology to verify the data provided by the mining firms.The teams comprised officials from the mines department, directorate of settlement and land records, collectorate, forest department and Goa state pollution control board.The mining companies have already submitted details of quantity and grade of iron ore extracted and lying in mining lease areas and jetties. The mining firms are likely to be allowed to export the ore only after the verification process is completed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "16565059", "title": "Parcel blast kills rights activist in Howrah", "text": "HOWRAH: A woman rights activist, who also wrote crime reports for a weekly newspaper, was killed by a parcel bomb delivered to her home in Howrah on Wednesday afternoon. Her husband was critically injured in the blast that rocked the South Baksara locality in a 500-metre radius.The explosion blew a hole in the doorway, cracked the walls of the house, smashed furniture and window frames, and riddled nearby homes with splinters and shards of glass.Police are surprised by the use of a parcel bomb because it takes considerable expertise to build such an IED. Besides, the middle-aged couple - Chaitali and Himanshu Santra - lived a quiet life and did not seem to have any enemies.Utpal Dutta, a neighbour, said that he rushed out after the blast to find 48-year-old Himanshu staggering out of his house. His clothes had been blown off and his body was blackened with burns. \"There was the stench of burning flesh. He was bleeding from the right eye,\" he said. The Santras' maid, who was washing clothes upstairs, was thrown against a wall by the force of the explosion. She ran downstairs through the dense smoke to see Chaitali's \"remains\" in a ground-floor room. Her face was practically shredded, sources in the police said.\"When we were helping Himanshu into a car to take him to hospital, he told another neighbour that the blast occurred when he and his wife were opening a parcel that was delivered by courier a few minutes earlier,\" Dutta said. Himanshu passed out before he could say anything else. He is in ICU with 70% burns.The family was well liked in the locality, which is one of the better known ones in Howrah. Himanshu owns a catering business. The couple's daughter, Shatabdi, is a first-year student of journalism at Ashutosh College in south Kolkata. She had gone for tuitions when the blast occurred.\"My mother wrote articles on crime for a weekly newspaper. For the last few days, she had been receiving calls from unknown numbers. She was probably being threatened and was disturbed for quite some time. She called me around 1.30pm and asked me to be careful. Perhaps, she had a foreboding. An hour later, a neighbour called to say that a blast has taken place and my mother was dead,\" Shatabdi said.Forensic experts and the bomb squad went through the crime scene. \"The room is in a shambles. It will be very difficult to gather any evidence, such as the name of the courier firm or the address of the sender. If a parcel bomb was actually involved, it was certainly the work of an expert. We suspect the package was hand-delivered,\" an officer said.The blast could be the handiwork of a business rival or somebody out for revenge with the family, say police. \"The killer had to be sufficiently motivated for a crime like this. After all, there aren't many who can build a parcel bomb. A probe into the family's background may shed some light,\" said an officer. Howrah police deputy commissioner (HQ) Nishat Pervez said the explosive used in the bomb was extremely powerful. \"We found a metal container, wires and batteries on the crime scene. It seems Chaitali Santra was sitting on a bed while opening the package. Her husband said a young man delivered the package addressed to Chaitali around 2pm,\" he said.This is not the first such incident in Bengal. In April 2011, Malda schoolteacher Aparna Biswas was killed by a bomb hidden inside a book.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16570016", "title": "SAIL-NMDC to come closer, says CMD Verma", "text": "NEW DELHI: State-owned Steel Authority of India (SAIL) is looking at closer synergies with iron ore major NMDC as it goes for capacity expansion in the market, CS Verma, who heads both the PSUs, has said.A closer arrangement between the two companies, both listed on the stock exchanges, could be synergistic for the PSUs who are already partners in some projects and could engage in others in the future, verma told TOI here.\"I have already started thinking on these lines,\"\" Verma, Chairman and MD of SAIL who got additional charge of NMDC earlier this year, said. \"Let there be some common business to join hands.\"The two companies also have historical links. SAIL was originally the holding company for NMDC and Bharat Coking Coal Ltd (BCCL), apart from a clutch of other steel makers. However, in 1978, NMDC and BCCL were spun off as independent companies while the various steel companies were dissolved and merged to make SAIL as an operating company.And just as Verma speaks of a closer integration, SAIL and NMDC are already part of some joint projects. While they are part of the consortium of Indian steel and mining firms that will be developing the Hajigak iron ore mines in Afghanistan, the two PSUs are also together in International Coal Ventures Ltd (ICVL), the government's SPV formed to acquire mines abroad.NMDC could benefit from a closer relationship with SAIL at a time when it is looking at getting into steel making. The company is building a 3-million tonne per annum (mtpa) steel plant in Chhattisgarh , work for which has already started.Verma said SAIL's presence could be handy for NMDC as it forays into steel making. \"\"They will only tend to gain from our expertise... our doors are always open,\"\" he said, refusing to elaborate further.Bhavesh Chauhan, an analyst with Mumbai-based brokerage Angel Broking , however, said he does not see many positives for the two companies through a closer tie-up. \"\"It is not going to drive any perceptible benefits for the companies. We remain neutral on any such close arrangement between the PSUs,\"\" Chauhan said.Apart from its solo steel project, NMDC is also firming up a joint venture with Russia's largest steelmaker Severstal for a 3 mtpa plant in Karnataka, though the talks are stalled over management control of the JV. NMDC is to supply iron ore for the project, while Severstal plans to source coking coal from its captive mines in Russia.On its part, SAIL has also lined up a major expansion plan that will see the company spend Rs 72,000 crore to increase steel capacity to 24 mtpa from the existing 14 mtpa. The company will need 42mtpa of iron ore to meet its new capacity against the 24 mtpa now.Verma, however, said that SAIL will be able to meet its iron ore requirement independently. \"\"We are confident that we do not need to go outside for iron ore requirements,\"\" he said, ruling out any engagement with NMDC on the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16563060", "title": "750kg of adulterated tea seized", "text": "COIMBATORE: A team of officials from Food Safety and Standards Authority of India along with revenue officials and police raided a residence at Gandhipuram third street extension on Wednesday and seized 750kg of low quality tea dust and 100kgs of chemical dye which was ready to be packed and distributed in the open market. The dye according to the officials was to be mixed with the tea dust so that it would have a deep brown tinge when served for consumption.\"All these chemicals are carcinogens and prolonged use could lead to serious health complications. We will send the seized samples for detailed lab analysis. The owner of the establishment is absconding at the moment,\" said R Kathiravan, Designated Officer, Food Safety and Standards Authority of India.Officials raided the spot on the basis of adulterated tea samples seized from a tea stall near Somanur early Wednesday morning. They traced the location of the tea distributors to Gandhipuram 5th street and later traced the warehouse and packing centre to a rented portion of a residential building on third street extension.\"We have also recovered the packing and blending materials inside. He has been running this business for the past couple of years,\" said K Chandran, Food Safety Inspector who was part of the operation.The tea dust packed under the label of 'Three Star' tea was packed in polythene packets and the address of the manufacturers mentioned on it was found to be fake claimed officials. The house owner also claimed that he was unaware that something illegal was being carried out in the rented portion of the building. Officials have sealed the building after collecting samples for examination. The operation was carried out on the orders of district collector M Karunagaran.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16562887", "title": "Professor held for woman's suicide in MLA hostel", "text": "MUMBAI: The Cuffe Parade police on Wednesday arrested a 35-year-old professor, Ramchandra Chikhale, in connection with the suicide committed by a 27-year-old woman at Manora MLA hostel in south Mumbai on September 15.Chikhale was arrested from Barshi in Solapur on the charge of abetment to suicide. According to the police, Chikhale had an affair with the woman, Rupali Andhare. Rupali was the niece of NCP MLA Babanrao Shinde's personal assistant Dilip Laygunde.During the course of investigations, the police learnt that Chikhale had met Rupali a day before she committed suicide. \"Rupali had worked for three months at the college where Chikhale is the principal. It appears Rupali wanted to get married to Chikhale, but he was resisting,\" said an officer.\"Rupali later learnt that he was married. She fought with Chikhale and came to Mumbai in search of a job. She was also tense as she hadn't been able to find work. Chikhale came to Mumbai and met Rupali. He promised to find her a job and tried to persuade her to continue their relationship,\" said the officer.\"Rupali was under pressure as she had to take care of her two younger siblings. Her father had committed suicide a few years ago and her mother died last year,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16563153", "title": "Terror groups may look to sneak in through sea, Centre warns coastal states", "text": "NEW DELHI: With reports that terror groups may attempt to infiltrate into the country through the sea route \u2014 as pointed out by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh two weeks ago \u2014 the Centre on Wednesday once again asked all coastal states to step up vigilance in coordination with local police and Indian Coast Guard.The instructions were passed on to state agencies during a meeting of security and intelligence officials in light of intelligence inputs stating LeT's plan to carry out attacks in India anytime between September 2012 and January 2013.Similar instructions were passed by the central agencies in August around Independence Day and early this month.Sources said though there was no specific input of such attack, it generally referred to the period around 9/11 and 26/11 anniversaries and Christmas-New Year period. The intelligence report, shared with state police, said top Lashkar commanders including Sajid Mir (one of the masterminds of the Mumbai terror attack), Muzammil, Abu Haroon and Abu Usman were on the job to plan attacks in India, they added.The matter was also discussed in a separate meeting in the Prime Minister's Office where officials discussed various aspects of the government's coastal security plan, specifically in the context of what the PM had mentioned during the conference of police chiefs early this month.The PM had on September 8 pitched for a comprehensive maritime policy to maintain vigil along the coast. He had said while there were increasing infiltration attempts from across the Line of Control and international border, indications were that terrorist groups were maintaining their ability to use the sea route.\"The comprehensive scheme of maritime domain awareness to be led by the Navy would help strengthen coastal vigilance, whereas deployment of more permanent border obstacles and better sensors could improve the situation along the land borders,\" he said, addressing top cops of the country.Though Singh did not name any terror outfit at the meeting, his remarks brought to mind the 26/11 attack in Mumbai, where 10 terrorists of Pakistan-based outfit Lashkar-e-Taiba had used the sea route to enter the metropolis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16570614", "title": "Cameraman Ganga tho Rambabu audio gets great response", "text": "The audio songs of Pawan Kalyan's Cameraman Ganga tho Rambabu (CGTR) and the trailers have got great response from the audience. The makers have released the much-awaited audio songs directly into market on Wednesday along with a couple of action teasers of the film. \"The song trailer has set a new record in Tollywood with over 4 lakh hits across all platforms online in just a day. Gabbar Singh's trailer held the record earlier,\" says SKN (Srinivas) a producer and publicist of the Mega family.The post production works of the film are progressing briskly and the makers will release couple of theatrical trailers shortly. Tamannaah is playing the female lead in this film, which also stars Prakash Raj, Kota Srinivasa Rao, Ali, Gabriela Bertante (Brazilian model), etc. Mani Sharma has scored the music. Directed by Puri Jagannath, Cameraman Ganga tho Rambabu is slated for release on October 18 release.click here for Cameraman Gangatho Rambabu action teaserclick here for Cameraman Gangatho Rambabu promo", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "16565965", "title": "Manipuri Muslims burn Obama effigy over US film", "text": "IMPHAL: Several Muslim bodies, including Anjuman Islah-e Muashsrah, burnt the effigy of USA president Barak Obama and the country's flag at Muslim-dominated Lilong in Thoubal district on Tuesday in protest against the controversial US film 'The Innocence of Islam'.Muslims across the world are protesting against the film, which they believe has insulted Prophet Muhammad. The film has also incited violence in various countries.Manipuri Muslims, popularly known as Meitei Pangal, also staged a protest rally from Lilong Madrasa to Lilong Bazaar amid high security.The angry Muslims shouted slogans, demanding that the film producer be punished and the decision of the USA, which has undermined Islam, be withdrawn.Besides promoting Islamic conventions, Anjuman is also fighting against drugs abuse, trafficking and social ills in the Muslim areas of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16564250", "title": "Eye witnesses give inconsistent statements", "text": "INDORE: Eye witnesses in the IPS Narendra Kumar murder case gave inconsistent statements during the trial of the case at special CBI court on Wednesday. Four witnesses including three eye witnesses recorded their statements in court. Citing inconsistency in the statements of eye witness, lawyer of sole accused Manoj Gujjar alleged that death of IPS Narendra Kumar was just an accident and senior police officials are trying to implicate poor tractor trolley driver.Advocate Mahendra Morya said that two body guards of the IPS-- Chandrapal Singh and Ratan Yadav and constable Rajkumar gave different statements regarding the event.Advocate Morya said that the eye witness and body guard of IPS said that he registered dehati nalshi (pre FIR report) at Barmor police station, while the CBI chargesheet says that report was written at Shahara Hospital in Gwalior. They were also unable to explain why they did not take any preventive measure to save life of IPS. He alleged that it was just an accident but victim was IPS officer so senior police officers are trying to implicate his client.He further added that one of the eye witnesses said that IPS was checking vehicles when he asked to stop the tractor trolley, it run over him. However, CBI chargesheet says that IPS chase the tractor and climbed over it when accused kick in stomach of IPS and he came under wheel of tractor trolley.CBI lawyer played down the inconsistency in statement of eye witnesses saying that they were nervous in the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16565737", "title": "By 2015, a driverless car for an accident-free ride", "text": "WASHINGTON: Ever dreamt of riding a car that drives by itself ? The fantasy may turn into a reality by 2015.American auto maker General Motors is in the final stages of developing a semiautonomous car that can stay in its lane, steer away from danger, apply breaks when needed, completely on its own, nearly eliminating the possibility of an accident.The company expects the technology to be in cars as early as the 2015 model year.\"The vehicle can take complete control and take you to your destination \u2014 in comfort, and safety, and security ,\" Don Butler, vice president of marketing for Cadillac told the 'ABC News' .\"We can foresee the day when vehicles will be able to completely avoid collisions,\" he said. It's been a carmaker's dream since George Jetson, a fictional character from the animated television series, sat in his driverless, flying car. Now, it is just years away.\"I think it's highly likely that before the end of this decade , we'll be in driving modes that will be semi autonomous ,\" Butler said.\"Steering will be controlled by the vehicle. Speed will be controlled by the vehicle . Your direction will be controlled by the vehicle,\" he added. The prototype for the new Supercruise feature uses radar, cameras and GPS to drive itself-with a push of a button. Motorists use the car with no hands on the steering wheel and feet off the pedals, and are essentially able to look away entirely.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16563747", "title": "LIC to pay Rs 85 lakh for losing sale deed", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh state consumer disputes redressal commission has ordered the Life Insurance Corporation Housing Finance company to pay Rs 85 lakh to the complainant for misplacing sale deed of the house mortgaged by him in 1998 against two loan amounts of Rs 4 lakh and Rs 5 lakh, respectively .The complainant had repaid Rs 4 lakh with interest to the housing finance company in 2003 and Rs 5 lakh in 2006. But the company could not return him the registry papers of the house the complainant had submitted as collateral for both loans. The compensation amount is approximately 85 per cent of the current market value of the house in Gomtinagar.The commission passed this order on a petition filed by Rajiv Kumar Jain against LIC Housing Finance and joint registrar-I, Lucknow. The complainant had taken Rs 4.75 lakh as loan on April 15, 1998 and had delivered the original sale deed of his house (no. 3/396, Vishal Khand, Gomtinagar) as `equitable mortgage' with the opposite party, LIC Housing Finance.The housing finance company, on December 12, 2003, issued a certificate informing that the original sale deed of the mortgage was \"misplaced\".Under the same `equitable mortgage' deal, LIC Housing Finance had later loaned Rs 5 lakh to Jain. The complainant repaid the loan on February 2, 2004 and got the NOC issued on August 11, 2006. The LIC Finance, at that time too, said it had misplaced the original documents of the house. A year later, when the complainant asked for the original registry, the LIC maintained it had misplaced the papers. \"The company never said it had lost the property papers,\" said Sarvesh Sharma, lawyer of the complainant. LIC Housing Finance will have to pay compensation in case it fails to hand over the original registry of the house to the complainant. The company, since 1998, has not been able to locate the original documents, it says it has \"misplaced\". The compensation amount is other than Rs 5 lakh which the commission has asked the LIC Housing to pay to the complainant for mental harassment over these years. Add to it the 18 per cent interest amount and the compensation amount shoots up further.The complainant pleaded the commission to help him recover original documents of the property from LIC Housing and urged for a compensation of Rs 24 lakh to be paid. The complainant said since he had paid back the entire amount he took as loan, he should get his papers back. He added that since he did not possess the original registry, he would not be able to take loan from any of the financial institutions, as loan was given only on the basis of original sale deed of the property.The commission took note of the fact that in case the original sale deed was lost, only photo copies could be obtained from the registrar office and not the original document and no financial institution gives loan on the basis of photocopied documents, as they do not come under the definition of `equitable mortgage'. In the case, the complainant had suffered a big loss due to \"lack in service\" by LIC Housing Finance.The commission noted that the LIC Housing Finance had not acted even on the interim order of the consumer forum directing it on March 5, 2012 to return the original sale deed to the complainant. The company admitted to the commission that it gave loan to the complainant on the basis of the original sale deed of the said house as 'equitable mortgage'. It also accepted that it had misplaced the original registry and hence it was not possible for it to return the original document. \"The LIC said nothing on how the original document could be recovered,\" observed the commission. It is also surprising that it did not act against the officers responsible for misplacing the original sale deed, the commission added.\"LIC is a government institution and should be protecting rights of consumers. Contrarily, it is lying and instead of saying that the documents are lost, it has been reiterating they have been misplaced,\" said the commission. The commission also went through terms and conditions of LIC home loan, by which it gives 85 per cent of the value of the property as loan.The complainant had submitted to the commisison, an assessment report by an architect which assessed the value of the mortgaged property as Rs 39.9 lakh in December 2006. Going by that standard, the commission has fixed the compensation amount. The case against Registrar-I, Lucknow did not stand and hence was dropped.By that benchmark, the LIC Housing Finance will have to pay compensation to Jain as per the current market value which will include appreciation cost of the property, complainant's counsel Sharma said and added 85 per cent othe house cost by that calculation will be somewhere between Rs 80 and Rs 85 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16564267", "title": "Court reserves order on approver's appeal", "text": "PUNE: The court of principal district and sessions judge Anant Badar on Wednesday reserved its order till October 11 on a plea filed by the accused-turned-approver Rajesh Chaudhary to make him a co-suspect in the rape and murder of software engineer Nayana Pujari.Chaudhary in his plea on July 6 had alleged that the police had forced him to become an approver in the case. His confessional statement recorded earlier was prepared by the police and the police forced him to record it in the court, the plea had said. Chaudhary had said the police lured him into doing so by taking advantage of his financial condition.Quoting section 308 (trial of person not complying with conditions of pardon) of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC), special public prosecutor Harshad Nimbalkar told the court that the state government or the prosecution can issue a certificate to the court stating that Chaudhary had breached the conditions of pardon. The judge can then withdraw the pardon only after the accused is examined before the court, he said.Citing a Supreme Court ruling, Nimbalkar said that the approver cannot ask the court to withdraw the pardon and make him an accused in the case.Section 309 of the CrPC states that after the pardon is withdrawn, the accused cannot be prosecuted with the other suspects in the case. The trial against Chaudhary will have to be conducted separately. The accused will have to be prosecuted for giving false evidence before the court, Nimbalkar added.Defence lawyer Biju Aloor representing the suspects said that the prosecution had not filed a plea to make Chaudhary an approver in the case. The prosecution had given \"no objection\" to Chaudhary when he had filed a plea before the court to make him an approver. The prosecution cannot issue certificate to the accused that he has breached the pardon conditions in such a situation. Chaudhary's plea to become an accused can be considered by the court, Aloor added.Pujari (28), a software engineer, was kidnapped from outside her office in Kharadi by four people on October 7, 2009. Her body was found the next day in the Zarewadi forest, about 50 km from here. The city crime branch had arrested Yogesh Raut, the main suspect, Mahesh Thakur, Vishwas Kadam and Chaudhary for their involvement in the heinous crime.However, Raut managed to escape from police custody when he was taken to the Sassoon hospital on September 17, 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16568767", "title": "Sohrabuddin case: SC upholds Amit Shah's bail plea", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a crucial development, the Supreme Court on Thursday transferred the 2005 Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case out of Gujarat to Mumbai.The court also rejected the CBI's plea to cancel the bail of former minister and close aide of Gujarat chief minister Amit Shah .\"We are against the plea for the cancellation of the bail and the petition is dismissed,\" a bench comprising justices Aftab Alam and Ranjana Prakash Desai said.\"We, however, allow the transfer petition and agree to transfer the case to Mumbai,\" the bench said.The court also permitted Shah to enter and travel in Gujarat in view of the upcoming assembly elections.The CBI had petitioned the court for cancellation of Shah's bail on the grounds that he may try to influence witnesses in the case.Sohrabuddin and his wife Kauser Bi were allegedly abducted by Gujarat's Anti-Terrorism Squad from Hyderabad and killed in a fake encounter near Gandhinagar in November 2005.Shah, a close aide of Chief Minister Narendra Modi, was arrested by CBI on July 25, 2010 and had spent over three months in Sabarmati Jail in Ahmedabad.Shah had to quit the Modi government in July last year after having been slapped with charges of kidnapping and murder in connection with the case. CBI has alleged that he was the \"kingpin\" of the conspiracy in the case.The CBI had earlier urged the apex court to transfer the trial outside Gujarat arguing that witnesses were being intimidated and the trial could not be held in a free and fair manner.(Inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16563017", "title": "Ex-minister, son accused of raping 21-year-old dalit", "text": "LUCKNOW: The State Women's Commission on Wednesday ordered Etah police to investigate into the allegations of rape leveled by a 21-year-old girl belonging to the Scheduled Caste against minister in Mayawati cabinet Awadh Pal Singh and his son Ranjit Singh and allegations of assault by the former minister's brother and sitting MP Chandra Pratap Singh. The panel has ordered a detailed report based on evidence to be submitted before the commission on October 3. The orders were issued following a written complaint accompanied by detailed statement of the victim in the form of an affidavit accusing the trio of illegal confinement, assault, rape and blackmail. Allegations are that a woman of Kasauliya village in Jaithara police circle of Etah was introduced to the former minister through her tenant in July 2011 in connection with a dispute related to a piece of land that the complainant's father had purchased to build shops on the village outskirts. In her affidavit, the woman alleged the minister helped them by providing another piece of land near the site to build the shops claiming the original site belonged to him.A few months later the former minister allegedly offered her to take care of his house for a monthly salary of Rs 2,000 . On the intervening night of July 6 and 7, 2011, the former minister allegedly raped her. When she threatened to report the matter to the police, he said he would marry her once his daughters were married off. The former minister also threatened her with dire consequences if she tried to report the matter to the police. Since Awadh Pal Sing was a minister in the state government, the woman reportedly held back.Later, the woman was allegedly raped by Awadh Pal's son Ranjit Singh who also took her photographs and threatened to publicise them if she dared to complaint. When she tried to raise her voice, she was allegedly locked up inside the house. Late night on September 19, 2012, when Ranjit Singh allegedly raped her again, he was caught in the act by his uncle Chandra Pratap Singh, a sitting MLC.The woman accused Chandra Pratap Singh of assaulting her too. Ranjit Singh allegedly turned her out of the house. She had claimed in her affidavit that she reported the matter to the police the same day but in vain. She turned to the state women's commission for relief. Repeated attempts to contact the accused proved futile.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16565512", "title": "225 crore for renovation of 5 roads sanctioned", "text": "PATNA: The Bihar cabinet on Tuesday sanctioned a sum of Rs 225.58 crore for the renovation of five existing roads in different districts and construction of a two-lane bridge on the Burhi Gandak in West Champaran, besides releasing Rs 683.10 crore as development grants to local bodies under the Backward Regions Grant Fund (BRGF) programme. The state capital's Bailey Road is among the five roads to be renovated.The cabinet also approved a restructured scheme of Rs 201.95 crore under the Akshar Anchal Yojna and allowed expenditure of Rs 167.13 crore (out of Rs 201.95 crore) in the current financial year to provide basic literacy to around 8 lakh Mahadalit and extremely backward women and 4 lakh Muslim women in the age group of 15-35 years.The five roads to be renovated are: Hajipur-Lalganj-Vaishali road (SH-74) at an estimated cost of Rs 40.69 crore, Silao-Giriak Road in Nalanda district (Rs 26.12 crore), Bailey Road in Patna (Rs 23.47 crore), Manpur-Sarbahda Road in Gaya district (Rs 23.70 crore) and Nursarai-Begampur-Silao road in Nalanda district (Rs 73.99 crore).An estimated sum of Rs 37.61 crore would be spent on construction of the approach roads and a two-lane RCC bridge on Burhi Gandak between Bhogari and Piparpati villages in West Champaran's Majhaulia block.\"The renovation work on Bailey Road will be done west of the Patna canal. Construction of side drains, cross drains, approach roads and some other miscellaneous works will be undertaken as part of the strengthening of Bailey Road between Saguna Mor and Patna canal,\" the cabinet coordination department's principal secretary Ravikant said. The cabinet also approved a grant of Rs 2.04 crore for the payment of salaries and allowances to the staff of different academies, including those of Bhojpuri, Maithili, Magahi, Bangla and Sanskrit, and Bihar Granth Academy.Cabinet clears Rs 23.47 crore for renovation of Bailey Road between Saguna Mor and Patna canalThe cabinet also approves Rs 683.10 crore as development grants to the panchayati raj institutions and urban local bodies in all 38 districts of the state Kosi embankment breach judicial inquiry panel gets extension till March 31, 2013 cabinet meet", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16564203", "title": "Bad roads to greet Buddhist meet delegates", "text": "VARANASI: While the city is witnessing a temporary facelift in view of the International Buddhist Conclave which begins from September 28, most of the roads in areas earmarked for repair by district administration are in a bad shape.Divisional commissioner CK Tiwari had fixed September 25 the deadline to repair the damaged road from Lahurabir to Girijaghar crossing, but work to repair the road was on till Wednesday, creating traffic snarls in the area. Most of the four-wheelers and school buses were found stuck on Nai Sarak area because of heavy concretes spread on the road under construction. Similar conditions were observed at Ashapur, Pahadia and other trans-Varuna areas. Meanwhile, commissioner has also given instructions to complete road repair work in Bazardiha and Deen Dayalpur areas.At the same time, Dashaswamedh Ghat was found covered with silt, mud and clay as Ganga water has been showing a trend of recession for the past few days. Huge piles of mud can be seen at other nearby ghats paving slippery conditions. Notably, delegates will witness the magnificent Ganga aarti at Dashaswamedh ghat on September 28.Additional municipal commissioner Sachidanand Singh, overseeing preparations, says Varanasi Municipal Corporation (VMC) is cleaning up major market areas of city under a massive drive. \"Meanwhile, we have installed a pump to remove water from the stairs of the ghats. Silt and mud is also under the removal process. Ghat will be made ready for the aarti on Thursday. At the same time silt removal work is also on at all the ghats as tourist and festive season is nearing,\" informed Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "16564503", "title": "Gajapati settlers join Tibetans' stir against China", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Tibetans settled at Chandragiri in Gajapati district on Wednesday staged a protest against China, as part of the Tibetans' campaign to mount pressure on the United Nations on the issue of Tibet.The meeting coincided with the beginning of the seven-month worldwide \"Flame of Truth torch relay\" by the Tibetans here. The relay started from Dharmasala in Himachal Pradesh on July 6 on the birthday of the Dalai Lama , and would end there on December 10, the day on which the spiritual leader got Noble Peace Prize in 1989.\"The aim of the torch rally is to apprise the world of the situation in Tibet and to mount pressure on the UN to protect the human rights of the Tibetans,\" said Pema Tenphel, president of the local Tibetan assembly.\"After occupying Tibet, China is not only looting Tibet's natural resources, but killing, torturing and imprisoning those who are trying to save the culture of their motherland,\" he said. About 51 Tibetan youths have resorted to self-immolation so far for the cause of Tibet, he added.\"We demand that the UN should discuss the issues of Tibet and implement the resolutions it had passed in 1959, 1961 and 1965. Besides, a fact-finding delegation should be sent to investigate the ongoing crisis in Tibet. The basic aspirations of the Tibetans in their own country should be fulfilled,\" he said.\"In order to meet these demands, we are collecting lakhs of signatures from people in different countries of the world, including India, through which the Flames of Truth is traveling,\" said Jampel Dhondup, president, Tibetan Youth Congress. A signature campaign has also been held here and several Odia people have put their signatures for the cause of the Tibetans, he added.\"The relay would conclude with the submission of the appeal letters and signatures to the UN headquarters, New York, UN Human Rights Council, Geneva, and UN Information Office, New Delhi,\" said Tsewang Lhamo, the president of Tibetan Women's Association.Expressing their solidarity with the Tibetans, locals, including former deputy speaker of the state assembly Ram Chandra Panda and retired professor of Berhampur University K C Jena, said the security council of the UN must take steps to protect the human rights of Tibetans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16563627", "title": "Second wife no bar to maintaining first, rules Bombay high court", "text": "MUMBAI: A second marriage is no reason to stop maintaining the first wife or to give her low maintenance, the Bombay high court ruled while recently hearing a petition filed by a Muslim woman.The court said it is for the husband to determine whether he is financially able to maintain two wives when marrying. More than doubling the plaintiff's maintenance, it pointed out that even Islam entitles a man to remarry if he is capable of maintaining his wives equally and fairly.Justice Roshan Dalvi was hearing a plea filed by 30-year-old Sajida Khan. Sajida married Anwar Khan, a software engineer with a foreign bank, in February 2007. Following marital discord, Anwar, now 32, left her at her parents' place. He claimed giving her talaaq in May 2008.In November 2010 however, the family court in Bandra, while hearing the matter, adjudged there was no documentary evidence to prove the talaaq. It directed Anwar to give Sajida a monthly maintenance of Rs 7,900, which was about one-fourth of his Rs 31,937 salary. The calculation was based on Anwar's plea that the other three-quarters of the salary were required to sustain himself, his second wife and a child from the second marriage.In early 2011, Sajida approached the high court, contending that the maintenance was insufficient.Her advocate Saeed Akhtar argued that Anwar was \"duty-bound to maintain his first wife as she has not been divorced\". In her July 24 order, Justice Dalvi agreed. The judge said the family court had made a \"fundamental error\" in reasoning that Sajida's share should be only one-fourth of Anwar's salary. The HC said a husband and wife are equal in law and have equal rights and obligations.Stating that the wife's share must be on an equal footing, Justice Dalvi raised Sajida's maintenance to Rs 18,000 a month. \"Each is entitled to an equal share in earnings and properties. Hence, if the husband is in a position to earn, the fact that he remarried and has a second wife cannot bring down the quantum of maintenance for the first wife, whom he failed and neglected to maintain. It is for the husband to determine if he is in a proper financial position to have and maintain two wives,\" read the judge's order.Justice Dalvi added: \"The second marriage is not a reason not to maintain the first wife.... In fact, as per the enjoinment in Islamic law, the respondent would be entitled to marry for the second time if he was capable of maintaining both the wives equally and fairly.\"Anwar filed an affidavit in the high court, arguing that his service had been terminated, while Sajida told the court that Anwar earned Rs 60,000 a month. Justice Dalvi ruled that there was no documentary evidence to prove Anwar's claim and added that neither the second marriage nor the termination of service absolved him from his \"seminal liability, obligation and responsibility of maintaining his wife\".(Names of parties were changed to protect their identity)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16562464", "title": "Mining fraud case: Bombay high court throws out Jayaswal's plea", "text": "NAGPUR: The CBI has been given the green signal to take action against the directors of Jayaswal Neco group for an alleged forgery case registered against them by the Chhattisgarh government and the agency. The group is led by Basant Lal Shaw with his two sons, Arbind and Ramesh Jayaswal being the directors. Shaw's third son is Manoj who runs the Abhijeet Group separately.The Jayaswals and the company's president of mines DL Choudhary had filed a petition in the Nagpur bench of the Bombay HC seeking restrain on the central agency from taking coercive action following five police complaints lodged by the Chhattisgarh government in the case. The court disposed of the plea on Wednesday without granting any relief.Jayaswals faced serious allegations of forgery and cheating for grant of mining licenses for about 1,600 hectares by their directors/officials in connivance with \"unknown officials\" of Indian Bureau of Mines ( IBM ).According to CBI counsel Shyam Ahirkar, the Jayaswals had sought copies of five FIRS (No. 33 to 37/2012) lodged against them by the Chhattisgarh government. On August 13, the court directed the government to supply the copies and provided interim relief to the petitioners.A division bench comprising justices Bhushan Gavai and Sunil Deshmukh disposed of the plea after the respondents, including Chhattisgarh's Economic Offences Wing (EoW), informed that FIR copies were given to the Jayaswals.The CBI's FIRS contained allegations of commission of offences of conspiracy, forgery for the purpose of cheating, using forged document as genuine, attempt to cheat and abuse official position. CBI's affidavit informed that the case against Jayaswals was registered with its economic offences branch in New Delhi on information given by the Central Vigilance Commission (CVC).The CVC then asked them to investigate allegations of furnishing forged documents by Jayaswals to the Chhattisgarh government for getting four mining areas on lease in Rowghat in Bastar.The leases were applied by the company claiming that they had explored the area and submitted the prospecting report to the government. However, the latter rejected their applications in an order of January 31, 2007, on the ground that statutory prospecting reports submitted by Jayaswals Neco in May 2000, had references to 'Chhattisgarh State' at several places when the state had come into existence only on November 1, 2000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16562745", "title": "Union's bid to derail RTC function fails", "text": "HYDERABAD: Mild tension prevailed at a function organised by Andhra Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation (APSRTC) in connection with the 60th anniversary of Credit Cooperative Society (CCS) at RTC Kalabhavan in Baghlingampally on Wednesday as members of Telangana National Mazdoor Union (TNMU) and National Mazdoor Union members resorted to sloganeering on various issues.NMU members staged a protest in front of Kalabhavan stating that organizing the function at the cost of Rs three crore was unwise as CCS was reeling under losses. While they demanded that the function be cancelled, their protest was countered by TNMU members who raised 'Jai Telangana' slogans, which virtually made the NMU agitators calm down. According to sources, NMU tried to create a scene at the premises since CCS is controlled by rival trade union National Employees Union. However, they did not succeed in derailing the function as they were cornered by TNMU activists. tnnThe programme, which was attended by APSRTC chairman M Satyanarayana and managing director A K Khan, went on peacefully.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16563922", "title": "Monsoon withdrawal unlikely before October 1, says IMD", "text": "PUNE: The southwest monsoon is unlikely to withdraw from central Maharashtra, the Konkan and Goa regions before October 1, the India Meteorological Department ( IMD) has forecast.The normal date of withdrawal of the monsoon from central Maharashtra, which extends from Jalgaon and Nashik in the north and Kolhapur in the south with Pune at the centre, coastal Konkan and Goa is October 1. The normal date for withdrawal from the entire state, i.e. Marathwada and Vidarbha regions, is October 15. Last year, the monsoon had withdrawn from the state on October 11.Medha Khole, IMD's deputy director general for weather forecasting, told TOI on Wednesday, \"There is a strong possibility of the development of a low pressure area (LPA) in the central Bay of Bengal in the next 24 hours. Under the influence of this system, we expect an increase in rainfall activity in the peninsular and adjoining south central India.\" Maharashtra falls partly in the peninsular and the central India regions.South central Maharashtra, between Satara and Kolhapur, and central parts of the country are likely to get rain, Khole said, and added that the possibility of monsoon withdrawal from the state is low under these conditions.As of now, the monsoon has withdrawn from parts of northern India including Jammu and Kashmir, Himachal Pradesh, Rajasthan, Uttarakhand, Uttar Pradesh, Gujarat, west Madhya Pradesh and north Arabian Sea and Bihar in east India.Conditions are favourable for further withdrawal from the remaining parts of Uttar Pradesh, north Arabian Sea, Bihar and some more parts of Madhya Pradesh and Gujarat in the next two to three days. However, the process may halt thereafter due to the development of LPA in the central bay.Last year, the monsoon withdrawal had commenced from September 23, more than three weeks after the normal date of September 1 from the extreme parts of west Rajasthan. In the ensuing days, the monsoon withdrew from northwest India and parts of central India up to Madhya Pradesh till September 30.However, further withdrawal was delayed due to the presence of various transient synoptic scale systems including troughs and cyclonic circulations that caused moisture increase and rainfall in the east and northeastern parts of the country.The rainfall activity eventually decreased on October 10 following the southward shift of upper tropospheric anticyclone. The monsoon then withdrew from central and peninsular India, including Maharashtra on October 11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16566473", "title": "Fever deaths consistently high", "text": "KANPUR: Seven more persons died of mystery fever in the industrial city on Wednesday. The deceased included five children admitted at Bal Rog Hospital, and all the deaths were reported from hospitals affiliated to Ganesh Shanker Vidyarthi Memorial Medical College.Anamika, Vaishnavi, Shivang, Tanya, and Anurag, all below the age of ten years, showed similar symptoms of high fever and cramps before they died on Wednesday. Dr RP Sharma, head of Pediatric department of LLR said all the children were brought to the hospital in a critical condition. When asked the possible reason for the high number of deaths this season, the doctor said most of the children brought to the hospital are malnourished and unable to fight disease. \"Malnourished children, and children with anemia are having poor bodily resistance, and are hence more prone to diseases and viral infections,\" added Dr Singh.Meanwhile, Narendra, 40, and Vimla, 48, succumbed to fever at LLR emergency on Wednesday. Apart from the deaths, as many as 154 patients suffering from fever visited the OPD of Ursala Horseman hospital on Wednesday. Among these, 39 showed signs of malaria. Similarly, 230 patients visited LLR OPD on Wednesday complaining of high fever. The doctors referred as many as 36 patients for various viral tests while 17 patients were admitted at the hospital with severe symptoms. Five dengue patients were reported from the city. These cases were reported positive by the microbiology department of GSVM Medical College.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16564198", "title": "Medical sector likely to draw investors' attention", "text": "INDORE: With the state government planning to dole out subsidies for private players to invest in healthcare and medical tourism, the sector is expected to grab attraction of the investors during the forthcoming Global Investors Meet (GIM) scheduled in October. The Indore Development Authority (IDA) is also focusing on the super corridor area where medical hub is proposed. and where authorities are hoping will persuade potential investors to reap benefits\"State government's decision to pave way for private investment in health sector will definitely attract investors to set up their businesses and will lead to expansion in health services,' said KK Maheshwari, chief executive engineer, IDA.The state government, following the introduction of health service investment policy 2012, is expecting Rs 10,000 crore investment in the health sector. The government would provide land at a nominal cost to the private players to open medical colleges and hospitals. The government will also give subsidy and sops to attract investments. The government plans to get 100-bed hospital opened in places having a population of 10 lakh or more.During the last year's GIM, only a few super-speciality hospital groups had shown interest in the proposed medical hub. But, with the new health policy, big players like Wockhardt, Max, Apollo and Fortis are now eyeing to set up hospitals in the city. They have sought details about the prevalence of diseases in the region and even conducted a brief survey. Some have even given their proposal in writing, said a source.The government also aims to provide loan subsidy for establishment of micro, small and medium scale manufacturing industries. However, pharma players are skecptical that the policy will benefit small scale industries. Himanshu Shah, one of the members of pharmaceutical association, said; \"The policy will definitely encourage organized pharma industries to set up their units but there are little chances that it will help small scale industries until and unless the state government helps them with finance, marketing and promotion.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16563236", "title": "Special cells for children, women legal: Bombay HC", "text": "MUMBAI: The special cells for women and children in police stations are legal, the Bombay high court ruled on Wednesday.A division bench of Justices Abhay Oka and Sadhna Jadhav dismissed a petition filed by a Mantralaya peon who had challenged a notice issued by a special cell from Dadar police station following a complaint lodged by his wife. \"The petition is devoid of merit,\" the judges said while refusing to give any relief to Suresh Patil (name changed), a resident of BDD chawl in Worli.The cells were started in Mumbai as a pilot project by the United Nations Development Fund for Women along with the state government and Tata Institute of Social Sciences in 2002.The cells, housed in police stations, are manned by two persons, including a social worker, who help women and children facing harassment. In 2005, the state government started funding of the cells and currently there are 39 cells at the district level across Maharashtra.According to the state government, cells will be set up in talukas and by December there will be 144 such units attached to police stations in Maharashtra. Apart from counselling couples, the cells will help women and children who are victims of crime to file cases.According to Patil, he received a notice in March asking him to attend the special cell attached to Dadar police station as his wife Malathy had lodged a complaint. Patil claimed in his petition that he thought the notice was intended to intimidate him or to extort money. In his plea, Patil challenged the legal validity of such cells and the notice issued by them.Additional public prosecutor Ajay Gadkari and advocate Maharaukh Adenwalla, who represented TISS, said the notices were authorized and the state government had taken up funding of the cells in 2005 on the basis of a government resolution. Adenwala assured the court that henceforth all notices issued by the cell will have a subject line 'family matters' and will be signed by a social worker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16562844", "title": "Indian Mujahideen has links with banned Islamic group: Investigations reveal", "text": "NEW DELHI: The country's most notorious terrorist group, Indian Mujahideen, has links with the international Islamic organization Hizb-ul-Tahrir that is banned in countries like Germany and Bangladesh, investigations have revealed. In a charge sheet filed a few days ago, Delhi Police has claimed it found documents related to HuT from the hideout of an IM member named Shakeel. This is the first instance of an HuT link being found in the country.Police had filed two charge sheets against IM members and the alleged handler in the 26/11 Mumbai attacks case, Syed Zabiuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal.The first charge sheet \u2014 against IM members Kafeel Akhtar, Kamaal Hasan alias Bilal and Mohammad Shakeel \u2014 is related to the discovery of an arms factory in Meer Vihar, Delhi, last year. A team led by Special Cell DCP Sanjeev Yadav reported that the factory was being run by Ahmad Zarar Siddibappa alias Yasin Bhatkal, the IM chief in India. Sources say the suspects' questioning yielded details about HuT and its link with IM.With Interpol's help, Delhi Police found that IM's HuT links are active in Austria, Ankara and Beirut. The banned outfit has a presence in more than 40 countries, and about one million members. It even has a base in the UK and a growing presence in North America.B Raman, an expert on HuT, said, \"Like al-Qaeda , it aims at the introduction of Islamic rule in Muslim majority countries. But unlike al-Qaeda, which is led by Arabs, it projects itself as a multi-ethnic Islamic organisation in which membership and senior positions are open to any Muslim, irrespective of ethnic background\". HuT reportedly has a significant presence in Pakistan and helps its army and other groups in infiltration.In the second charge sheet, Jundal is accused of involvement in terror activities across India as a reaction to the sufferings of Muslims in the 2002 Gujarat riots. \"He, along with Lashkar-e-Toiba chief Zaki-ur-Rehman alias Lakhvi, mo nitored the 26/11 attacks from a control room at Malir in Karachi,\" says the charge sheet. It also names Fasih Mohammad as a suspect in the Bangalore and Delhi blasts. He has been detained in Saudi Arabia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16570372", "title": "Molestation victim still under trauma", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Twelve days have gone when a 21-year old female college going student was made subject of molestation and brutal assault, girl is still under trauma and yet to recover from her injuries. The girl along with her classmate were waiting for a bus at a bus stop near sector 42 when three eve-teasrs were appeared and attacked her with a blunt weapon on September 14. Meanwhile, one on the eve-teasers had also threatened the victim to abduct her in his white color Swift but failed.Talking to TOI, victim said, \"I was stunned to know that police had slapped soft sections against three accused and trio was let out on bail within four hours of arrest on September 14. The charges of attempt to abduction were only added when my family members approached senior officials against the concerning police personnel.\"Victim is still not going to attend her regular classes in the college in sector 42 and she is being motivated by her college teachers and classmates. Chandigarh police have failed to re-arrest trio accused after slapping charges of attempt to kinapping against them. The FIR was registered at police station sector 36.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16569347", "title": "Taiwan higher education fair from tomorrow in Bangalore", "text": "NEW DELHI: Top-ranked Taiwanese universities will participate in a three-day higher education fair beginning on Thursday in Bangalore.\"Fourteen top-ranked Taiwanese universities will participate in the fair to provide on the spot counselling to potential students and to display reference materials regarding programs, applications admission procedures, options on financing study, various scholarships, and other opportunities available for Indian students,\" a Taipei Economic and Cultural Centre statement released here said.Taiwan Education Center in India (TECI) will sponsor the Taiwan higher education fair.For this event, TECI will pair with EMMA (Electronics, Machinery, Mold, Auto Parts) EXPO INDIA, which is operated by Taiwan External Trade Development Council.A Taiwanese delegation will also visit academic institutions, such as IISc, major IT companies as well as government agencies, in Bangalore to explore and develop opportunities of cooperation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16563640", "title": "Brown sugar returns, cartel targets youth", "text": "CHENNAI: Brown sugar or smack, an adulterated form of heroin which was not available in the city for some time, has now resurfaced.The drug is available in popular discotheques and night clubs in the city, at an all-time high of 5,000/gm, say activists who work for the rehabilitation of drug addicts in the city. They say many youngsters from middleclass and affluent families are using the drug, which is highly addictive and highly injurious to health.According to K N S Varadhan of the NGO Freedom Care, which works among drug addicts and alcoholics, brown sugar was earlier scarce in the city due to strict monitoring by the Narcotics Control Bureau. Now a new cartel has emerged that supplies the drug through a network of peddlers.\"One notorious pusher was arrested by the NCB. The drug remains popular in the city these days,\" said Varadhan, once an addict himself.Narcotic Intelligence Bureau officials said they had no information on the new drug runners but would check if there is organised trade in the illegal substance in the city.Officials of the NCB had earlier this year arrested a Nigerian national in Coimbatore who tried to send two parcels containing brown sugar to Australia and Holland. Michael Odinnaka was arrested when he paid to send a parcel containing 193 gm of the drug hidden in the handles of four handbags to Australia and in 32 polythene tubes in Chinese lampshades to Holland. The contraband was sourced from Delhi and Odinnaka worked for a Delhi-based trafficker.Prior to that arrest, a South African was killed in Selayur by two Nigerians after a drug deal went sour. After that murder, house owners in the suburbs where are majority of the Nigerians reside, refused to let out their houses to them. A police officer familiar with brown sugar peddlers said they pose as students and businessmen while selling the drug.\"The network is so huge that they have their own colony in Mumbai where hundreds of them reside,\" Varadhan said.Damasus Chinedu, a notorious Nigerian trafficker from Lagos, was earlier arrested from a lodge on Anna Salai for selling brown sugar to youngsters in the city. He had free run for two years till the NCB nabbed him. During interrogation he told investigators that he used to sell the drug in star hotels and pubs in the city and had a large number of clients.Brown sugar users lured youngsters who became addicted to the drug and helped Chinedu expand his client base. Chinedu posed as a cloth merchant who exported clothes from Tirupur to Nigeria. He confessed to his links with the west African drug traffickers operating in Mumbai and Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16562820", "title": "Gang hacks man to death near passport office", "text": "BANGALORE: A 34-year-old man riding a motorcycle was hacked to death near the Regional Passport Office in Koramangala by a gang which chased him in an autorickshaw around 3.30pm Wednesday.K Dinakar was a resident of Shamanna Garden near Puttenahalli, JP Nagar. Eyewitnesses and passersby told police were too shocked to even note down the number of the autorickshaw. A passerby and a traffic policeman on duty managed to get only part of the number, KA02-1617.\"We're trying to get details from a CCTV camera to ascertain the assailants' identity. They fled within minutes of the attack. Dinakar died before he was brought to a nearby hospital,\" said an investigation officer.Police ruled out old enmity for the attack. They suspect Dinakar was murdered due to a mistaken identity. \"Dinakar is employed in a private company and doesn't have a criminal record. He had been to Belandur to remit money in a financial institution and was returning when the incident occurred,\" police said. Dinakar is married with two children.DCP (South East) PS Harsha said a special team has been constituted with three inspectors to track down the assailants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "faridkot", "code": "16566310", "title": "Punjab girl kidnapped, cops clueless", "text": "FARIDKOT: With Haryana witnessing a spurt in crime against women in the past few weeks, the situation in neighbouring Punjab is no better. Two days after the broad daylight kidnapping of a 15-year-old girl by a seven-member gang from her house at Faridkot's Dogar Basti, the police are yet to trace the victim.It was the second time the girl, a class X student of a convent school in Faridkot, was kidnapped by the same gang led by Nishan Singh, 20. According to police, Nishan, a resident of Harendra Nagar, and his friends, armed with guns and iron rods, barged into the girl's house on Monday afternoon and assaulted her parents and sister before fleeing with her. Her father, who is a businessman, and mother, an LIC employee, are still in hospital.Even after protest demonstrations by traders' organizations, LIC employees' union and students' organisations, the cops seem to have no clue about the accused, who has a criminal record.Eyewitnesses said Nishan carried the girl on his shoulders around 200 metres and dumped her in his car and fled. He fired two rounds in the air and threatened the residents of the area before escaping. Neighbours said the police reached the spot after one hour and they did not act promptly to nab the gang.\"Police did not take action on time and they are not doing anything to trace the girl now,\" said Tarun Grover, secretary of the LIC employees' union.According to police, this is not the first time Nishan is kidnapping the victim. On March 25, 2012, he had kidnapped her from the same house. Following a complaint, the police had registered a case and she was traced from a house at Kharar in Mohali on August 10. After medical examination, the police had also slapped rape charges on Nishan. However, he had given police the slip. Police said since then, he had been absconding.\"After that incident, on several occasions, Nishan had stopped the girl on way to her school and threatened her with dire consequences if she failed to withdraw the case. Fearing for her life, the girl did not file a complaint,\" said Tarun Grover.The accused lives with his mother, who is also absconding now. Faridkot SSP Gurinder Singh Dhillon said mother of the accused had approached the girl's family to settle the matter.\"I have formed a special team and we have booked one Dimpy Samara, a property dealer and friend of Nishan's mother. We are conducting raids to nab the accused,\" Dhillon said.After a candle light march on Wednesday, several organizations supporting the family told the police authorities that if they failed to nab the accused by Thursday, the city will observe a bandh on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16563586", "title": "Activist Sisodia visits city, holds talks", "text": "PATNA: Manish Sisodia, a social activist and key member of India Against Corruption (IAC), visited the city on Wednesday to chalk out the future plan of IAC, Bihar chapter.Sanjay Dutta, media in charge, Bihar IAC, said, \"A temporary committee of 14 members was constituted during the meeting with Sisodia. This committee will finalize the future strategy of the organization.\" Earlier, the Bihar chapter of IAC had welcomed the decision of IAC to enter politics.Sisodia said, \"The party to be formed by the IAC needs more full-time members, so persons who can devote full time to the party would be included in the primary committee. I hope all the members will work hard and support the organization honestly.\"Dutta said, \"The (IAC's) regional units will have to wait for a few more days to plan the next step. Members and supporters of the Bihar chapter have extended their full support.\" He said the biggest challenge (in forming a party) could be the funding.Talking about the IAC entering politics, Dutta said the ardent supporters of Team Anna would extend their support to the organization. But many of them were not willing to become an electoral candidate. \"But it will be too early to comment anything about our future strategy,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16565359", "title": "Allow tourism in tiger reserves with safeguards", "text": "Some environmentalists might be outraged by the suggestion that tourism should be allowed in the core areas of tiger reserves, but we believe it is the sensible thing to do with safeguards. Creating a situation in which local populations and tourists have no stake in the core areas does not help protect tigers. On the contrary, it leaves poachers and those willing to collude with them as the dominant stakeholders in these areas if not the only ones. That would be a recipe for disaster. It is much better to allow tourist activity within well-defined and strictly monitored restrictions.Related story:  Allow tourism in core areas to save tigers, says conservation body", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16565487", "title": "Solve small farmers\u2019 problems, says Meira Kumar", "text": "PATNA: Lok Sabha Speaker Meira Kumar on Tuesday exhorted people to speak truth and be fearless in raising their voice for the weaker sections of society.She was speaking at a programme organized by the Kisan Mazdoor Vikas Sangathan (KMVS) in Patna on the 90th birth anniversary of her mother-in-law and the state's first woman cabinet minister Sumitra Devi.Meira said speaking lies is easy but speaking truth is very difficult and she learnt it from her mother-in-law. \"Mata ji always used to stand by the truth. She was a very brave and fearless lady. She always worked for the progress of women, downtrodden and backward people,\" Meira said.She urged the Centre and the state government to pay special attention to landless tillers and small farmers for improving their condition as they provide food grains to the country. \"There are many leaders in the country who raise their voice for and lobby in favour of big industrial houses, but only a few persons raise the issues of landless tillers and small farmers,\" she said.Other leaders who spoke on the occasion were the KMVS president and former MP Haridwar Prasad Singh Kushwaha, ex-MPs Ramdeo Rai, Manorama Singh, Brahmadev Anand Paswan, former ministers Arjun Mandal and Narendra Kumar, ex-MLA Sanjiv Prasad Toni and Youth Congress's state president Lalan Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16570535", "title": "Son of Sardaar: Raja Rani", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16562642", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation to restart Animal Birth Control Programme", "text": "NAGPUR: With a view to put a check on stray dog menace in the city, Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) is sending one of its veterinary doctors for a six-day training programme from October 8 in Ooty. Worldwide Veterinary Service has organized the training to support Animal Welfare Board of India (AWBI).Three doctors from Government Veterinary College, four veterinary doctors and eight volunteers from city and district-based NGOs like People For Animals, Wild CER and Nisarg Vidhnyan will also attend the training programme to be conducted in two sessions - October 8-14 and October 17-24.Later, the NMC will restart the animal birth control (ABC) programme. NMC veterinary officer Dr Gajendra Mahalle, who is attending the training, said the civic body has already constructed a dog shelter at Bhandewadi. \"Later, we will carry out the sterilization programme,\" he added.Despite cases of dog bites being reported from several parts of the city, the civic body has failed to curb the menace. Packs of dogs rule the roost on city streets leading to panic among residents. The threat is more for morning and evening walkers.Mahalle pointed out that as per the AWBI, the ABC programme is the responsibility of civic body and state animal husbandry department.World Health Organization has recommended canine sterilization and mass vaccination. In India, the AWBI is responsible for implementing ABC-AR (anti rabies) programmes. The training will help in updating skills of ABC-AR personnel to AWBI's standard operating procedures so that they are equipped to tackle this issue in their home states.NMC has to take post-operative care of dogs that have undergone the ABC procedure. In the past, the civic body had started the sterilization programme through some NGOs but discontinued it following irregularities.The civic body had also formed two flying squads to catch stray dogs. \"A mobile van has also been provided for the purpose. Zonal officials have been instructed to perform the job strictly,\" added Mahalle.Welcoming the development, India Against Corruption activist Abhay Kolarkar said in addition the civic body must manage garbage properly, localities must learn how to take care of street dogs and also realize the importance of sterilizing the pets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16562249", "title": "Ganesh puja body urges TJAC to defer march", "text": "HYDERABAD: Bhagyanagar Ganesh Utsav Samiti organisers have appealed to the Telangana Joint Action Committee (TJAC) to defer the proposed 'Chalo Hyderabad' protest.On Wednesday evening, Utsav Samiti's members organised a review meeting at their office in Baheti Bhavan in Siddiamber Bazar and it was attended by Hyderabad police commissioner Anurag Sharma. During the meeting, the organisers appealed to TJAC to defer the Chalo Hyderabad protest. \"We have appealed to all political parties not to use the Ganesh immersion procession for political benefits.In a recent statement, TJAC convener Kodandaram has assured us that they will not obstruct Ganesh procession or cause any problem to devotees.However, as there seems to be likelihood of devotees facing trouble, we appeal to TJAC to postpone the event,\" Bhagyanagar Ganesh Utsav Samiti general secretary Bhagwant Rao told TOI.The Ganesh Utsav Samiti organisers also pointed out that in 2011 TJAC had postponed the 'Sakala Janula Samme' from August 17 to September not to cause any inconvenience to the faithful during Ramzan.\"When they had deferred Sakala Janula Samme for Ramzan month, they could do the same for Ganesh immersion,\" Rao said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16566157", "title": "BBMP's thoughtless act", "text": "It can't get more thoughtless than this. First, the BBMP has coolly put the ball in the citizens' court by shifting the onus of garbage management to them. Second, it is yet to come up with a robust longterm plan for a city that is growing fast. Third, it has put out an absurd notification on waste segregation in apartments. In its zeal to outsource garbage management to citizens, the civic agency is getting apartments, which are deemed to be bulk generators, to either compost wet waste on their premises or pay a fee to BBMP to haul it away. For existing apartments, setting up a composting unit at a short notice may not be feasible given the space and manpower required to manage it. Surely, Bangalore's proactive citizens, who have done their best to manage garbage, deserve better.Related story : BBMP garbage service to exclude a third of Bangalore", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16571228", "title": "Vedita Pratap misses her college days", "text": "Actress Vedita Pratap Singh might have joined the Bollywood bandwagon, but she can't forget her college days.That's why when she recently judged an intercollegiate festival of fashion in Mumbai she got nostalgic, for the event reminded her of fun days.Sources said Vedita had all the reasons to miss that time, as she was very regular with the fashion events. \"Besides being active in such events, she was also a part of the core team, responsible for manning big events,\" a source said.The Bhindi Bazaar Inc girl was completely floored seeing the young and talented people. She said, \"They are so confident and focused. I was stunned to see a few of the concepts used in the fashion shows. During our times we were so naive and unaware I feel. Vedita will next be seen in a 3D horror film titled Mumbai 125 kms opposite TV star Karanvir Bohra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16563867", "title": "Shack numbers fall, licence fees rise", "text": "PANAJI: A 10% reduction in shacks on congested beaches, installation of CCTV cameras, five deck beds per shack, no shacks on turtle nesting beaches are some of the main features of the beach shack policy approved by the cabinet on Wednesday.Speaking to media persons, chief minister Manohar Parrikar said the cabinet approved the beach shack policy as it was presented by the tourism department.\"There is 10% reduction in shacks in Calangute and Sinquerim and no shacks will be permitted on beaches identified as turtle nesting sites,\" Parrikar said, adding that after 6pm there will be no music or bright lights permitted near turtle nesting sites.This year 329 shacks will be allowed, of which 223 will be in North Goa and 106 in South Goa. The licence fee has been increased from 30,000 to 40,000 for 'A' category beaches (Calangute and Baga) and from 20,000 to 25,000 for 'B' type shacks. Application fees have been increased from 2,000 to 3,000, while the security deposit has been increased from 5,000 to 10,000.Parrikar also said that the size of shacks at Baga would be 12m by 8m, while elsewhere they would be 16m by 8m. \"CCTV installation is compulsory in shacks and those who do not install this within the stipulated time will have their licences cancelled,\" Parrikar said.He also said that transfer of shacks will not be permitted. \"If any person is found transferring licences, we will not give that person licences for a lifetime.\" He added that tourism department is identifying mechanism on how to find out whether shacks have been sub let.The policy permits five deck beds per shack and these should be placed within three metres of the shacks. \"Area will be demarcated to put up shacks,\" Parrikar said.From P1The cabinet also decided to create a special task force under the assistant director who will be given executive powers and be provided with 200 policemen to remove all illegalities on beaches on a daily basis.Parrikar said that those who place deck beds on beaches sans licences can face up to three months imprisonment and so far tourism department has confiscated 300 deck beds which will be destroyed and then the wood auctioned as firewood.The policy also states that no foreigners shall be permitted to work in shacks without work visas. Shack timings will be from 7am to 11.30pm and no loud music shall be played beyond 10.00pm. The volume should be such that it can be heard only within the shack and not disturb others, the policy states.\"Shack should be restricted to within 15% to 20% of the beach area and rest of the beach should be kept open for public,\" Parrikar said.The chief minister added that the water sports policy will be ready within 8 to 10 days and that by December beaches will be cleaned and traffic bottle necks cleared. Some 250 policemen will be placed on traffic duty in tourism areas, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16565419", "title": "Anti-insurgency vehicles lying idle in Bengal", "text": "KOLKATA: The state government had bought two carriers with Rs 90 lakh to counter Maoist insurgency in the districts. But for the past three years they have been lying idle because the vehicles were found unsuitable for use, states a latest report by the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG).Bought for more than Rs 90 lakh to counter Maoist insurgency in the districts of West Bengal, two troop carriers have been lying idle for the past three years as they were found unsuitable for use.According to a latest report by the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG), the West Bengal police had made the procurement in 2009 \"without considering their suitability resulting in the vehicles not being used in anti-terrorist operations for more than two years and consequent blockage of funds\".The Home Department had \"ignored the opinion of the district police authorities\" while sanctioning the order.\"Scrutiny of records of SP Paschim Medinipur (West Midnapore) revealed that the vehicle was not utilized for a single operation since its deployment as it did not have bomb blast proof technology and due to its low fuel economy and inability to move in narrow roads and forests due to its large size,\" the CAG report said.The Police Directorate had also expressed reservations about the suitability of the vehicle on account of high cost, inconclusive field trials and non-availability of technical certificate regarding the vehicle being mine-proof.The auditors also flayed the government for making the purchase directly from Ural India Limited without calling for tenders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16562757", "title": "Brace yourself for power cuts", "text": "BANGALORE: You'll have no choice but to endure power cuts for short durations between 10am and 6pm, because industries and farmers are fighting for it too. Bangalore Electricity Supply Company (Bescom) is mulling over a rearrangement of supply to domestic, industrial and agricultural consumers such that everyone is happy.The crisis has arisen because two units of Raichur Thermal Power Station ( RTPS) are not in operation.Sources told TOI the 20%-30% power shortage is affecting eight districts as well as Bangalore city surrounding rural areas. The situation will persist for a month. On Wednesday, there were meetings at Bescom headquarters between industrial associations of Bangalore, Tumkur, Nelamangala, Peenya and Kolar to discuss the shifting of supply between consumers.Most farmers and rural consumers at the meeting complained of getting supply for one hour once every three to four days and are not able to operate pumps to store water. Industrial consumers complained of financial losses and manhours wasted due to erratic supply.A final decision on the supply scheme will be taken on Thursday. Bescom caters to over 3.56 lakh consumers across eight districts of Bangalore Urban, Bangalore Rural, Kolar, Tumkur, Chitradurga, Davanagere, Ramnagaram and Chikkaballapur. On an average, the city alone consumes more than 18 million units a day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "mcleodganj", "code": "16566268", "title": "Slowdown hits donation flow for Tibet cause", "text": "MCLEODGANJ: Reshi Shrestha Dawa, 46, runs a Tibetan restaurant in Barcelona and collects money to help the Tibetan cause. But, Dawa is dejected. He says the economic crisis that has gripped the world, and hit Europe hard, has also dried up donations, which he would send here from Spain.Reshi and many other Tibetans from across the world, who are attending the four-day special meeting here to discuss the issue of self-immolations in Tibet, say the economic slowdown has hit their cause as donations have stopped coming their way in the US and Europe.Over 430 Tibetans, of various backgrounds from 26 different countries, have gathered in this picturesque town and they have all paid on their own for their travel and stay.\"There are so many well-wishers in Boston and in New York who want to associate with the Tibet struggle. They do not know the right channel. I am trying to bring these people on the same platform. But, that's not the only problem. Slowdown in the economy has also brought about a slowdown in flow of funds. The West itself is struggling to keep afloat,\" said Tensing Dorjee, who works with an NGO in New York.\"In Europe, we are doing everything we can -- from disseminating knowledge, organising campaigns and motivating people to support us. However, the economic downturn has badly affected us and we are not getting enough donations,\" said Pempa Lobsang, 31, an accountant based in London.\"There are very few in Spain. But, we are close knit and contribute our best to keep the struggle alive. From time to time, we collect donations to help in various campaigns of our exiled government. But, these days, we are unable to contribute financially because of the economic meltdown,\" said Reshi Shrestha Dawa.\"This meeting has helped set our aim clear. Now, we can go back and rope in more people who wish to contribute. The downturn has been a damper but I am optimistic,\" said Kalsang, 50, who has come from New York. He is in the US since 1984 and has been collecting donations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16564092", "title": "Crime against SC,ST on the rise in UP: NCRB", "text": "LUCKNOW: A total of 7,702 incidents of crime against persons belonging to Schedule Caste and 35 cases against persons belonging to Scheduled Tribes were registered with police authorities in Uttar Pradesh in 2011, revealed the NCRB ( National Crime Record Bureau) report. The statistics show an increase of 7.9 per cent in the number of cases against the SC and ST over the previous year. The statistics show, the 7,702 cases included 286 cases of murder, 397 of rape, 363 of kidnapping/ abduction (registered under section 363 to 369 and 371 to 373) , three cases of dacoity, three of robbery, 1,995 under SCST Prevention of Atrocities Act and 4,296 cases under other offences were registered.Of these 8,424 cases were up for investigation including pending cases from previous year. But records claim police have completed investigation into 7,793 cases and 1,043 were found false. Similarly, charge-sheet has been submitted in 5,818 cases while police had already submitted final report in 932 cases, NCRB statistics disclosed. Similarly, four out of 35 cases of crime committed against ST were found fake. In the remaining cases, police submitted charge sheet in 30 cases while final report was submitted in one case. UP's contribution to the all-India tally of crime against persons belonging to SC was 22.8 per cent, the rate of cognizable crimes being 3.9 per cent. NCRB figures also showed that there was a spurt in crimes under the SC and ST (Prevention of Atrocities) Act across the nation with 2011 witnessing 11,342 cases- an increase of 7.9 per cent over the previous year. Data further revealed that Bihar witnessed the highest number of caste-based crimes in the country in 2011 with 3,024 cases under the SC/ST Act. Bihar had in fact accounted for 26.7 per cent of total such crimes in the country. It left behind states such as UP and Rajasthan which, however, recorded maximum overall crimes against dalits. The difference between overall crimes and those under SC/ST (Prevention of Atrocities) Act is that while the former includes all crimes committed against a dalit by any caste (including a fellow dalit) for any reason, the latter includes only those cases where atrocity has been committed against a Dalit by an upper caste for reasons primarily of caste difference.In this category, Bihar scored over all other states. UP, which accounts for maximum overall crimes against dalits with 7,702 cases, comes second under Atrocities Act its share being 17.6 per cent. Andhra Pradesh follows with a share of 12.7 per cent. NCRB figures show 10.8 per cent cases under this Act have been found false.Bihar's rate of charge-sheeting cases under the Atrocities Act stands at 82.2 per cent, below the national average of 90.7 per cent. All other states known for caste violence have scored better than Bihar with MP and Rajasthan scoring over 99 per cent.On rate of conviction too, Bihar has to do better. At 10.6 per cent (way below the national average of 31.9 per cent), it has the lowest conviction rate for crimes against dalits. Only Andhra Pradesh's rate is comparable at 11.6 per cent while states such as UP (59 per cent) and Rajasthan (45.7 per cent) are far ahead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16563833", "title": "UPA coordination panel to meet on Sept 27", "text": "NEW DELHI: The UPA coordination committee will meet here on Thursday in the wake of Trinamool Congress's exit from the ruling coalition in opposition to reform measures like allowing FDI in multi-brand retail and a hike in the cost of diesel.The meeting also takes place in the backdrop of a crisis in the Maharashtra government involving Congress and Nationalist Congress Party with deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar quitting after corruption allegations were leveled against him with regard to irrigation projects.The Maharashtra developments are not likely to have a bearing on the coordination committee with NCP chief Sharad Pawar ruling out any instability in the state of at the Centre.It seems likely that the coordination committee will, like the Congress working committee, back the reform initiatives and also discuss the current political situation.It may take an over view of the implications of Trinamool being replaced by Samajwadi Party and Bahujan Samaj Party as the main props of UPA 2 and the significance of the opposition gang up against the FDI decision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16565396", "title": "Kolkata now a 'City of Bhoy', feel citizens", "text": "Middle-aged and elderly women are being targeted where they feel the safest - in their own localities. In spite of two back-to-back shootings, police have not managed to identify even one of the suspects. Residents are so scared that many of them have stopped wearing jewellery and taking their morning walks.Is Kolkata becoming unsafe?This should not be a question any more, this is an assertion! Kolkata is unsafe now for people of every age group and especially for women and elderly people. After hearing and reading about all the incidents of rape, molestation, robbery, chain-snatching and shooting, I'm terrified to even step outside my house. What if I fall prey to these miscreants? I'm a college student, I have to commute regularly and now I've to think twice on what to wear before leaving my house. I think the government should make laws against these crimes more stringent. Lighting up the streets with trident lamps will not help the city. | Debarati DeyThe city of joy is gradually turning into a city of horror and pain. It's shocking that bikes gangs do not hesitate to open fire after snatching jewellery or valuable articles from middle-aged and elderly women, who have become soft targets for criminals. Such horrific incidents have compelled many women to stop taking morning walks and confine themselves to their home. In spite of two back-to-back shootings, police are still clueless about the criminals, who keep Kolkata at gunpoint. | Rupanjan GharuiIt's a dark, dangerous world, and it's Kolkata's worst kept secret. Last week's shootings have sparked outrage and dismay among Kolkatans. The safety of middle-aged and elderly women is at stake but the government seems a bit lukewarm to the city's collective trauma. We need a total overhaul of the administration. Safety should come first. The situation is alarming and calls for stronger government action. | Saba ParveenOver the past few months our city has witnessed a spate of attacks on women but the incidents were brushed aside by our CM as 'sajano ghatana'. The criminals have become so audacious that they no longer seek the cover of darkness. They are now out on the streets, targeting women with firearms in clear daylight. Our City of Joy has turned into a nightmare for its women. It's now a City of 'Bhoy' (fear) for them. | Dhruba Jyoti GuptaWith frightening regularity we hear of molestations, rapes, murders - and the complete indifference of politicians and police alike. The police, for some reason, refuse to accept complaints and politicians look the other way. The CM calls these incidents isolated ones or politically motivated. Kolkata was never like this and feels sad at the deteriorating state of affairs. | RintuYes, our city is becoming unsafe. Along with the terror of criminals, Kolkatans have to suffer bullying by autowallas and taxi drivers. I was born in this city and have lived here all my life, and I feel ashamed by what is going on. India has risen so much in the global sphere but in Kolkata, we are going down day by day. | RajibIt's obvious that with a great city in talk, evil follows and flocks around it. All we can do is take precautions and urge the administration to protect the citizens. | Satyajit PatnaikIt's definitely true that Kolkata is becoming unsafe. The police should aim to prevent crime, rather than look for suspects after a crime has occurred. | Anu PathaniaIt is true that the city is becoming unsafe for women. The women in my family have stopped wearing jewellery during morning or evening walks or even when they go out shopping. We have personally seen two-three incidents of snatching and robbery when bike gangs struck in a flash and sped away on expensive, fast motorcycles. They don't hesitate to attack passersby as they escape. The administration should monitor the sale of such bikes so that the gangs are identified. | Krishna M Chowdhary", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "kurukshetra", "code": "16566307", "title": "Hostelers incur Kurukshetra University wrath for playing host to outsiders", "text": "KURUKSHETRA: Playing host to (outsider) friends in hostel rooms of Kurukshetra University (KU) has proved costly for 62 students, most of them PhD and MPhil research scholars, who have been slapped with a fine. Three of them face losing hostel facility.The KU action followed surprise checks on boys' hostels conducted by a joint team of hostel wardens and university officials during wee hours of Tuesday and Wednesday.About 41 students were caught on Tuesday morning while 21 students were caught during raids conducted during wee hours of Wednesday. The students caught playing hosts have been slapped with a fine of Rs 1,000 each.\"These initiative was targeted at checking entry of unauthorized persons in university campus, especially in hostels. On Tuesday, we conducted raids at Tagore hostel. Similarly we conducted raids in Narhari hostel this morning,\" said Prof Sat Dev Singh, chief warden, boys hostel, KU.There had been a series of violent incidents in KU campus during the past one year. These included murder of a hosteller near University College and incidents of assault and eve teasing in the campus, forcing authorities to install CCTV cameras and put other measures in place, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16563957", "title": "Give IG exam probe report to ex-VP: HC", "text": "MUMBAI: The HC on Wednesday directed the DGP to give a copy of the report of probe conducted against 7 high-ranking police officers to Chitra Salunkhe, ex-vice-principal of Siddharth College.The officers were alleged to have shielded special IG (protection of civil rights) K L Bishnoi, accused of exam malpractice.Bishnoi was shown as 'present' for the practical exam in the final year LLB course at Siddharth Law College on March 12, 2005. Salunkhe was in-charge of the viva exam. The 7 officers include ATS chief Rakesh Maria, additional CPs Sanjay Saxena, Brijesh Singh, V Nangre-Patil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "ghaghra (gumla)", "code": "16565093", "title": "Many deprived of Indira Awas units in Gumla", "text": "GHAGHRA (GUMLA): Daya Lohra, a blind youth of Arangi village under Ghaghra block in the district, has been running from pillar to post along with his elderly mother, Pubo Devi, to get an Indira Awas unit for the last four years. But his dream to have a roof over his head still remains distant. Reason: his family name has not been included in the existing 2002-2007 BPL list.Daya is not the only person who has been deprived of the benefit of the ambitious central scheme. There are many more genuine people who have been deprived of the benefit.\"Where can I get a BPL number, sir?\" Daya asked an official at Ghaghra block when he was inquired about his BPL number recently. \"I along with my mother have been running here and there for an Indira Awas unit for last four years,\" he said.Basanti Devi, a resident of Chirodih hamlet under the Anjan panchayat of Gumla block, has now finally left her native place when she was not provided an Indira Awas unit for not having a BPL number. She now works as a domestic help in Gumla town.BPL survey was conducted by school teachers or village-level government functionaries who gave the required forms to some villagers to fill them up without going house to house, recalled Bobby Bhagat, a woman district council member. \"No house hold survey was, in fact, carried out,\" she said.Due to fault of the government machinery in preparing a foolproof list of families living below the poverty line a vast chunk of poverty-ridden population for whom the scheme is meant have been deprived the benefit of welfare schemes, said a panchayat representative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "jamnagar", "code": "16564688", "title": "9 cows mowed down by train", "text": "JAMNAGAR: As many as nine cows were mowed down by a speeding train at an unmanned railway crossing in Balambhadi village near Jamnagar on Wednesday morning.Police said the incident had occurred at 8.30 am when a herd of cows was passing by the railway crossing.\"It is an unmanned railway crossing and when cows were passing by, Porbandar- Howrah Express also happened to pass. The speeding train mowed down nine cows. One of the cows was seriously injured in the incident. We have intimated to the railway police about the incident,\" a Jamnagar taluka police station official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16572770", "title": "Auction order not for all natural resources: SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Thursday clarified that the government need not follow a competitive bidding process for allocating all national resources.The apex court said the government was free to adopt the mode which would serve larger public interest while distributing natural resources.In a unanimous judgment,, the SC said auction could not be elevated to the status of the only constitutional way for allocation of natural resources.The court said auction was a method directed only for 2G spectrum and not mandated to apply universally to all natural resources.The auction order is only restricted to the telecom spectrum, it said.Earlier this year, in the context of the 2G telecom scam, the Supreme Court had said that all natural resources must be auctioned by the government.The February 2 judgment of a bench headed by Justice GS Singhvi laying down auction route for allocation of all natural resources had created considerable difficulty for the government, which had first filed a review and later withdrew it to send a presidential reference under Article 143 of the Constitution.The presidential reference covered under its ambit all natural resources, including spectrum, while raising doubts about the practicality of the 2G judgment directions for allocation through auction.However, a five-judge constitution bench headed by Chief Justice SH Kapadia had clarified at the beginning of the hearing that it would not entertain any arguments for review of the 2G judgment, which had cancelled all 122 spectrum licences allocated during A Raja's tenure as telecom minister in 2008 and ordered their auction.The Union government had also agreed that it was not seeking review of the 2G judgment through the presidential reference and clarified that the President was seeking a clarification on the doubts on facts and law issues that had arisen from the February 2 judgment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16562291", "title": "PIL in Bombay HC: State must recover Azad Maidan riot losses", "text": "MUMBAI: A petition in the HC has urged that the state be directed to recover losses due to damage to public and private property in last month's Azad Maidan riot.It has also questioned why the role of additional commissioner of police (south) Krishna Prakash and retired assistant commissioner of police Shamsher Khan Pathan, who were on the dais during the Azad Maidan rally, has not been probed. The petition filed by two mediapersons, through their advocate Sanjiv Punalekar, seeks to raise the issue of \"total and utter failure\" of the state home department and the police commissioner in initiating measures to recover losses and damages from persons and organizers for the August 11, 2012, riot. It urged the court to intervene in public interest to restore people's faith in the system, saying it is necessary \"in an unprecedented situation of a riot and violence of such magnitude, which has shattered the faith and confidence of law-abiding citizens and even of policemen.''The petition said while there were demands to recover losses from Raza Academy and other organizers, the former stated they had not sought permission for the crowds that turned up at the rally. While cops claim to have received clues of \"an invisible hand\", the role of influential organizations is being underplayed. Regarding Prakash, the petition said that inflammatory speeches were made in his presence at Azad Maidan but no effort was made to investigate his role. It added that Pathan \"was not investigated with particular reference to providing inside information about the police to the rioters\".The petitioners urged that the police be directed to expeditiously complete its inquiry and necessary proceedings for recovery of losses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "16565528", "title": "Tycoon dad offers $65m to marry off lesbian daughter", "text": "BEIJING: A Hong Kong tycoon is offering $65 million for any man who manages to woo his lesbian daughter into marriage. Property magnate Cecil Chao Sze-tsung said he is even ready to accept a poor son-in-law for his 33-year-old daughter Gigi Chao. \"I don't mind whether he is rich or poor. The important thing is that he is generous and kind-hearted,\" the Hong Kong-based South China Morning Post quoted Chao as saying.Gigi's father, the 76-year-old owner of Cheuk Nang (Holdings) Ltd, rejected suggestions that his daughter is a lesbian, and described reports she had gotten hitched as \"false,\" the SCMP said.The reports said she had married Sean Eav, her girlfriend of seven years, in France on April 4. A photograph on her Facebook page shows her in Paris with another female, possibly her partner, last April. Below the picture, she commented at that time: \"Going to Paris to buy a few businesses\".\"Gigi is a very good woman with both talents and looks. She is devoted to her parents, is generous and does volunteer work,\" the tycoon father told SCMP about her daughter, who is a graduate from the University of Manchester. Chao said he would not force his daughter to marry a man against her will.Comments posted by readers in the newspaper website suggested hostile reaction with some advising Chao not to force his daughter to give up her lesbian life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "dabra (hisar, haryana)", "code": "16565058", "title": "Sisterhood triumphs over caste in Hisar", "text": "DABRA (HISAR, HARYANA): He sat at the back of the crowded bus, hiding part of his face with an angochcha, looking away at the passing countryside. But one glance and she knew it was him. She got off the bus, rushed home, told her elders. They made a call, and at the next stop, the police stood waiting to take the young man away.And thus Baljeet, better known in Dabra as Sittu, one of the dozen-odd jat boys on the run after allegedly raping a 16-year-old dalit girl on September 9 and filming the act to blackmail her not to squeal, was finally arrested on Saturday.The case has roiled Hisar, the district of Haryana infamous for jat-dalit tensions. But in small mercies, Baljeet's arrest \u2014 the first in the case \u2014 took place on information shared by a jat girl.The college student prefers to be anonymous. Baljeet is her neighbour. So are the other boys still on the run. It is not easy to act against your own community, her mother explains, even if they are goondas.\"But these boys should be punished,\" says the girl. \"She (the victim) was my junior in school. What happened to her could have happened to me. It could have been any of us.\"In the dalit quarter, not everyone agrees. \"They would not have touched a jat girl. Aag lag jaati. They could only do this to a poor girl,\" says Ommi, a young woman from the victim's extended family. According to the FIR, the girl had been forcibly picked up from the road and taken to a secluded spot near a canal, where seven boys took turns to rape her, while five others stood watching.At the small brick house of the victim, a group of women have huddled around her mother, who sits statue-like, mourning what is a double loss \u2014 her daughter's trauma and her husband's suicide. She remembers the fateful afternoon when her daughter, a student of 12th grade, had stepped out to meet her granny, only to come back in the evening listless and subdued.\"She didn't eat for days, complained of fever. Her father finally sat her down and asked her what was wrong. When she finally spoke, he could not handle it. He consumed poison the same evening,\" the mother narrates, her voice breaking. The girl's father, 42-year-old Krishna, was a gardener and worked at the bungalow of a prominent, politically influential jat family.In the dalit quarter, there is constant refrain of how some of the boys belong to powerful jat families \u2014 erstwhile zamindars, modern-day politicians \u2014 who are now trying to influence the investigation. \"The assistant sub-inspector handling the case is a jat. Intially, he tried to fudge the facts by inserting in the FIR that the girl was friendly with the boys and had gone with them willingly. But we ensured that he could not do that. Now, they are trying to falsely implicate other village boys who are innocent,\" says Sanjay Chauhan of the Bahujan Samaj Morcha, a local group. The superintendent of police, B Sateesh Balan, denies this. \"We have made another arrest. The young man is yet to be identified,\" he says.But the villagers claim the second boy to be arrested is from the Yadav community. \"He is innocent. He was not even in the village when the incident occurred. He was with me in Udaipur, transporting material,\" vouches Baljit Kumar, a dalit youth. \"By arresting the wrong people, the police are spreading dushmanayi (enmity),\" said a Dalit woman. \"Already, we are living in fear,\" she adds. The fear is not just of a backlash but also of a breakdown of economic ties. Dalits are landless and work in the fields of the jats. If tensions were to rise between the two communities, their livelihoods would be jeopardized.While the incident shows how caste hierarchies have endured, it also offers a glimpse of the gradual shifts underway. In recent years, the region has seen a resurgence of dalit groups and parties like the BSP.Oustide the district headquarters, dalits from Bhagana village have been sitting on a strike, demanding access to the village's common land, blocked by jats. Since last week, they have been joined by dalits from Dabra, who have been taking out candle-light processions in the city, protesting police inaction in the rape case. As TV cameras crowd the village, the young Dalits speak forcefully and articulately. \"Earlier, our community would take all the injustices without a murmur,\" says Baljit Kumar. \"But the educated youth are no longer willing to cow down.\"If education has empowered young dalits, it has also created spaces of empathy among the jats. When it came to choosing between her schoolmate and her caste-cousin, the college girl who tipped off the police says she didn't have to think twice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16563855", "title": "Shack owners to protest policy today", "text": "PANAJI: Agitated over the shack policy unveiled by the government on Wednesday, shack owners will hold a black-flag demonstration outside tourism department in Panaji on the occasion of world tourism day Thursday demanding a roll-back of the policy.\"This is not what we expected from the Manohar Parrikar government. Not only have the fees been hiked but the policy will hit every Goan who is in this business,\" shack owners welfare society president Cruz Cardozo said.Talking to TOI, he said, \"We had worked to bring BJP to power but now it looks we have been taken for a ride. Congress government had brought out an ordinance to protect the interest of 450 employees of a starred hotel but BJP is not considerate to the shack industry which employs 4,500 persons,\" Cardozo said.SOWS secretary John Lobo said shack owners are totally disillusioned with the government's attitude towards them. \"Two days ago, Parrikar had told a SOWS delegation that he would give us a very good policy,\" Lobo told TOI.BJP MLA Michael Lobo called on tourism minister Dilip Parulekar and urged the government to retain the number of shacks on the Sinqureim-Baga stretch. The number of shacks here will come down by 16.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16562625", "title": "Food for thought: Mumbaikars find Ganpati in grain, flowers", "text": "MUMBAI: The residents of a chawl in Lower Parel paint a picture of Lord Ganesh on a wall and wash it off with coconut water as 'visarjan'. Devotees and artists alike draw images of the god in rice and coloured sago and gather up the grains once Ganeshotsav ends. Some immersion ceremonies go beyond lip service to the cause of the environment.Following a tradition that has been handed down by her maternal family, the Nadkarnis, singer Anuradha Paudwal draws an image of Lord Ganesh in 'akshat' or raw rice. She gathers up the grains for 'visarjan' the day after Chaturthi.Apart from a plaster idol, the flower market at Matunga features a tableau of blossoms to be immersed. Flower-sellers change the decor surrounding the deity every other day and although each is not immersed separately, the final consignment is taken to sea.In similar fashion, Mohankumar Dodecha, a commercial artist from Mulund, draws a beautiful 6ft x 9ft rangoli of Lord Ganesh from coloured sago. He starts creating his 'sabudana' Ganpati a few days before Chaturthi and the idol is complete midway through the festival. \"The 'rangoli' remains on view for ten days after Anant Chaturdashi. When it is time for 'visarjan', I just gather the sago and put it in a small sack for immersion in Thane,\" said the senior citizen, who has been following this practice for 52 years. Dodecha uses around 40-45 kg of sago for his 'rangoli' and has fashioned a replica of the Lalbaugcha Raja this year.Meanwhile, the Rustam Rahiwashi Chawl in Lower Parel has kept up its 34-year tradition of painting an image of Lord Ganesh on a wall. Spokesperson Raju Kamasala said, \"Three decades ago, our building artist Mahadev alias Baban Kandalgaonkar made a drawing of Ganpati with chalk on the society notice board. As a wish made to the deity came true the next year, chawl residents continue worshipping him in this manner every year. We collect the coconuts we receive throughout the festival and after the final 'aarti' on Chaturdashi day, we break them and wash off the image with coconut water.\"The child 'ganasevaks' of Shyam Nirmal society in Malad have crafted a Bhelpuri Ganesh with a 'puri' crown, peanut face, puffed rice body and 'sev' on the 'lambodar'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "16563569", "title": "Main draw beckons teen Rasika Raje", "text": "SRINAGAR: Rasika Raje will turn 17 on Thursday. The talented Pullela Gopichand Academy trainee can present herself an ideal gift by qualifying for the women's singles main draw with one more victory as the qualifying events of the 77th Senior National Badminton Championships got underway, at the Sher-E-Kashmir Indoor Stadium, here on Wednesday.The frail-looking Rasika, who reached here late on Tuesday night from Hyderabad after traveling for nearly two days, wasted little time in dispatching Dimpal Hazarika of Assam 21-8, 21-8 in the first round. The Nagpur shuttler will next meet Andhra Pradesh's Ch Poornima, who overcame Uttara Prakash of Karnataka 21-11, 23-21, in the second and final qualifying round clash on Thursday.It was not only Rasika. The other participating players from across the country - especially from the southern and eastern regions - also had to undergo a tiresome journey to reach Srinagar. Only the players who could afford to fly escaped from this hectic travelling.Top seed in the men's qualifying, Aditya Prakash defeated Haryana's Saurav Kapoor in the second round to inch his way closer to the main draw. Sarang Lakhanee outclassed Rajat Moon and T Dinesh in the first and second rounds, respectively, to reach the third round. The Nagpur youngster will now have to beat Renuka Kiran Mouli of Karnataka in the third and final round to secure a place in the main draw.Among the other players who reached the third round are Sachin Ratti, Pawan Malik, Kaushik Pal, Deepak Khatri, B Kiran Kumar, Talar Laa and B Kiran Kumar.Meanwhile, Maharashtra coach Milind Ghate was confident of a good showing by the state players. \"We had a very good camp in Pune. Our women's team had lost in the semis last year. We will definitely try to better that performance in Srinagar,\" said Ghate. The men's team could not qualify this year as they had lost to Chhattisgarh in the West Zone final at Valsad earlier this month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16564091", "title": "Students to help curb crime against women", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Having failed to curb crime against women on all the fronts, now Chandigarh Police are planning to take the help of college students and authorities.When asked about police plan to deal with the increasing crime against women, SP Deshraj Singh said, \"We are moving from college to college in city to seek the support of the students and authorities and motivate them to give complaints to the police. In most of the criminal cases, girls hesitate to give complaints and it becomes difficult for police to act firmly.\" While Singh failed to reveal any comprehensive plan to deal with criminals, he said, \"Once the interaction with the college students and authorities is over, a comprehensive plan will be made.\"On why police failed to curb crime against women, including kidnapping, eve-teasing, among others, he said,\"Earlier too we were making efforts to make the city safe for women, but now the situation has turned alarming so extra efforts are being made to curb crime against women.\"In past few days, city witnessed various incidents of crime against women where the dilly-delaying attitude of the cops was exposed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "16564720", "title": "Pulled up for teasing, youth kills woman", "text": "RAJKOT: A 40-year-old woman was allegedly killed by a youth after she reprimanded him for teasing her daughter.According to police officials, deceased Laxmi Chauhan, a resident of Navyugpara, pulled up Jafar Makrani, living in Hakimbhai ni Sheri, after he abused her daughter in the market.The scared girl informed her mother about it and Laxmi went to meet Jafar's family members to complain about his behavior. However, his family members told her that he was not in their control.After a while, she saw Jafar near her house and pulled him up.Enraged, Jafar allegedly thrashed her with sticks and injured her seriously. Laxmi succumbed at the hospital. Jafar escaped from the spot and is on the run.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16570550", "title": "Maharashtra irrigation scam: Whistleblower names Gadkari", "text": "MUMBAI: In a new twist to the political crisis in Maharashtra that has risen from an irrigation scam, one of the whistleblowers has named Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) president Nitin Gadkari for trying to suppress it.Anjali Damania is instrumental in blowing the lid off the Rs 72, 000 crore scam. Damania said that when she met Gadkari in August at his home in Worli, Mumbai, he told her to not push too hard to expose the scam.Damania said that the BJP's attitude was very discouraging, as was that of Gadkari, who even allegedly stated to having business ties with Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) chief Sharad Pawar.Without naming Gadkari, Damania said 'the opposition party chief' told her \"we help Pawar and he helps us, can't do anything in this scam.\"She claimed to have met Gadkari thrice, once in Delhi in June 2011 and twice in Mumbai, in August 2011 and August 14 this year.\"Since the NCP and the Congress are together, we went to the opposition party, but they strictly told me that they could not do anything about it. Their party president himself told me that he could not do anything regarding this; he shares businesses with Sharad Pawar. They help each other in their matters. So, he could not do anything about it. We were shocked after getting such kind of a reply,\" she said.The BJP is in the opposition in Maharashtra. NCP leader Ajit Pawar, who has submitted his resignation from the post of Maharashtra Deputy Chief Minister, has been accused by his political opponents of being involved in the irrigation scam when he was the state's water resources minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16565909", "title": "Karnataka may move SC if CRA doesn\u2019t recall fiat", "text": "BANGALORE: A day after Tamil Nadu filed a fresh application in the Supreme Court seeking a directive to Karnataka to release 2 tmcft of Cauvery water, the state government hinted it may approach the apex court if the Cauvery River Authority (CRA) doesn't reconsider its order.Making no change in its stand, Karnataka has maintained it cannot release water. Chief minister Jagadish Shettar told reporters in New Delhi on Wednesday the state government had received a letter from the CRA on Tuesday to release water. \"We cannot release water in the present condition as the state is facing deficit rainfall this year,'' he said.On legal experts criticizing Karnataka's walkout from the September 19 CRA meeting, the CM said this is untrue. \"I have been in constant touch with legal experts, including F S Nariman, the state's counsel, on the Cauvery issue. They have not expressed disappointment,\" he maintained.Karnataka had filed a review petition before the CRA on September 21. Shettar is scheduled to meet the legal team in New Delhi on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16564135", "title": "Agitated Ajit Pawar supporters target CM", "text": "PUNE: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan incurred the wrath of Ajit Pawar supporters in parts of western Maharashtra on Wednesday. The CM's effigy was burnt in Talegaon while NCP workers in Satara - Chavan's hometown - demanded his resignation.Pawar supporters in Talegaon alleged that Chavan was deliberately targeting NCP leaders.A 'rasta roko' was staged in Lonavla due to which traffic on the old Mumbai-Pune highway was blocked for about an hour. There, NCP workers demanded that Ajit Pawar should withdraw his resignation.In Satara, a 'dharna andolan' was organised. NCP zilla parishad (ZP) members approved a resolution demanding the chief minister's resignation. NCP leader Balasaheb Bhilare said that instead of Ajit Pawar, Chavan should resign on \"moral grounds\".\"He is responsible for all the mess in the state. The CM should not target NCP,\" said Bhilare. Congress and NCP workers came face to face at some places and resorted to sloganeering.In Pawar's hometown Baramati, traders and shopkeepers observed a bandh between 9 am and 11 am. In Pune city, some NCP leaders met and resolved to support Ajit Pawar.NCP spokesperson Ankush Kakade told TOI, \"Agitations were spontaneous and a natural reaction of those who love their leader. The NCP had not asked for any such agitation and we appeal to party workers to not create nuisance for common citizens. We all stand firm with Ajit Pawar,\" said Kakade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16569247", "title": "Bangalore has the most cosmopolitan crowd: Shankar", "text": "When Bangalore figured on the list of Lonely Planet 10 Cities To Visit In 2012, it only reaffirmed what we always knew. That destination Bangalore is hot, and cool too! Old timers may rue how the city is no longer what it used to be, what with the crazy traffic and perpetually congested roads. But there is still much that is right with the city.That most Bangaloreans love Banagalore does not surprise us. More heartening is when outsiders give top billing to our city. TOI asked a few of them what it is about the Garden City they love, and their special moments in the city.Shankar Mahadevan, musician Bangalore has trees! In which other Indian city do you see so much greenery? Trees are being felled to make way for construction, but Bangalore is way greener than most big cities. Then there's the weather. I was here 10 days ago, and I felt jealous that while we were sweating it out in Mumbai, people here were enjoying such wonderful weather. This city has the most cosmopolitan crowd. I could be performing anything here \u2014 from classical to fusion \u2014 and there will always be an appreciative and knowledgeable audience for it. The online team of my music academy is based in Bangalore, and it's a pleasure to catch up with gurus, teachers, and the technical staff whenever I am here. Aditi Rao Hydari, actor I love Bangalore. The weather is fantastic. I have a sentimental attachment to this place. As a kid, I used to come down here every year during the s u m m e r va c at i o n s. First, I'd go to my grandparents' place in Hyderabad, and then all of us would head off to Bangalore to get away from the searing heat of Hyderabad. Later, I was in a boarding school near Bangalore, so once again the city, where I have a home, was a favourite haunt. My favourite place in Bangalore? Cubbon Park. Taking a walk in Cubbon Park is always on my to-do list when I am in the city. The other must-do is a visit to an idli joint in Malleswaram. I have been frequenting that eatery for years, and the owner recognizes me now, and greets me with a sweet smile. Bangalore is a very culturally alive and happening city. From theatre to dance, the city offers much for the senses. I have to be in Bangalore at least once a year.Amrita Rao , actor Bangalore is a city I visited regularly during my school summer vacations. I have many cousins staying in the city. The place has a green heart and broad roads, unlike Mumbai. I love the sprawling parks. I also love the scenic drive on the Bangalore-Mysore highway.S Sreesanth , cricketer Ah! Bangalore. So many of life's lessons \u2014 all good ones \u2014 that I learnt in Bangalore. The city has made me what I am. The National Cricket Academy and Karnataka Institute of Cricket offer excellent facilities, and have contributed a lot to the cricketer in me. I love the night life in the city, and I know I'll be slammed for this, but the 11.30 pm deadline works to my advanta g e. The fact that I can have a good time and dance to some great music, and still get back home at a decent time for me to concentrate on my practice and game the next day, works for me. One special Bangalore memory is how for almost four years I'd cycle every day from Vidyaranyapuram to my school in RT Nagar on a bike my sister had gifted me. The weather in the city is a massive plus too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16564501", "title": "'State lagging behind in executing PM's 15 point programme for minorities'", "text": "JAIPUR: The Ashok Gehlot government is lagging behind in implementing the Prime Minister's 15 Point Programme for the welfare of minorities, the National Commission for Minorities (NCM) vice-chairman H T Sangliana observed on Wednesday.Sangliana, who is on a two-day visit to the city to review the welfare programmes' execution, said a separate two-member NCM team would soon visit the state to review the law and order situation here in the light of past communal clashes at Gopalgarh and Sarwar. Rajasthan State Minority Commission chairperson Mahir Azad, meanwhile, said Gopalgarh incident was a \"state subject\".\"Gopalgarh or other issues were not be raised in today's meeting. A separate NCM team will soon come for this purpose,\" Sangliana told reporters at a press conference. About the 15 Point Programme implementation in the state, the chairperson said there was \"room for improvement\".\"The progress report submitted by state government uses words like 'will be done' or 'in the process', at several places. It would have been better if the report could say, 'done',\" the vice-chairman told reporters.Sangliana held a meeting with the top government officials, including chief secretary CK Mathew and DGP Harish Meena, at the state secretariat. Minister of state for minorities Amin Khan, Rajasthan state minority commission chairman Azad and leaders of different minority communities were also present in the meeting.The commission's vice-chairperson also noted that public awareness about the 15 Point Programmes was lacking in the state. \"Awareness about the programmes here is not adequate. I have suggested to the chief secretary to hold review meetings and take feedbacks on the programmes every three months.\"Minority committee representatives informed the national commission about not getting enough share in government recruitments. Vice-chairman Sangliana suggested at the meeting that the state police and the central police forces should hold special recruitment rallies for the local minority people, especially for those from the rural areas.At the meeting, the NCM received complaints about delays in release of scholarships and caste certificates to the minority community students and sub-standard quality of mid-day meals at some government schools for the minorities. Congress leaders and members of the Sikh and Christian communities, Prithvi Pal Singh Sandhu and Mumtaz Masih, also presented their communities cases before the NCM.Sangliana would visit some Anganwadi centres and houses allotted to minorities on Thursday. \"Real status of the implemented programmes will clear after tomorrow's visit,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16562182", "title": "Cinematographer dies after cardiac arrest", "text": "MUMBAI: Veteran cinematographer Rajen Kothari (60) died on Wednesday following a massive cardiac arrest.Kothari was the head of Whistling Woods International's cinematography department for nearly seven years.Kothari started his career with Prakash Jha's Hip Hip Hurray and later shot Damul for the veteran director.Kothari worked with Shyam Benegal on films like Zubeida and Welcome To Sajjanpur. His last film was a Marathi biopic of saint Tukaram.Kothari was taken to hospital after he collapsed at the film school and is said to have suffered a cardiac attack later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16563581", "title": "Top cop to face probe for 'lapses' in recruitment", "text": "PATNA: Recruitment of 193 trade constables in the BMP in early 2010 is likely to land the then ADG (BMP), A C Verma, in trouble as DGP Abhayanand has recommended departmental proceedings against him on the charge of certain lapses in the recruitment process.The recruitment scandal may bring in within its ambit the member of the State Human Rights Commission (SHRC) and the then DGP, Neelmani, and a member of the Bihar Public Service Commission (BPSC) and former ADG (police headquarters) Rajyabardhan Sharma.Though Verma was not available for his comment, sources close to him said nothing was wrong with the recruitment process of trade constables.When contacted, Neelmani said, \"I take full responsibility of the recruitment and challenge that no wrong was done in the process.\" He said though the Central Selection Board for Constable (CSBC) was empowered to recruit constables, it had no brief to recruit trade constables, including cobbler, carpenter, blacksmith etc, simply because there is no syllabus fixed for trade constables.The last time trade constables were recruited was in 2000 in the BMP and there were a large number of vacancies by 2010. Since the CSBC was not mandated to make the recruitments, the ADG, BMP, in order to circumvent the crisis, constituted a committee headed by IG Jitendra Kumar and comprising two DIGs and two commandants, to suggest how the recruitment could be done. The committee, after taking into consideration everything, made recommendations to Verma who, in turn, sent it to the police headquarters for vetting. The then ADG (headquarters), Rajyabardhan Sharma, made some corrections and finally put it up before the then DGP Neelmani, who not only applauded the work but also endorsed the recommendations of the committee. It was only after the then DGP's nod that the process of recruitment of trade constables began, sources said.Police headquarters sources said the process of recruitment was done without the posts having been sanctioned and that the home secretary gave his post facto approval.Neelmani said there was no need to get sanction from the home department as posts of trade constables were vacant in different battalions of the BMP. Sharma, however, told TOI that he would give reply once he is asked for.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16563744", "title": "Supreme Court clears deck for completion of NH 17-B", "text": "PANAJI: The remaining portion of the 5.2 km stretch of four-lane road on NH 17-B, between Varunapuri and may finally get built.The Supreme Court disposed of a special leave petition (SLP) clearing the construction of an elevated road at Baina beach. The stretch of road had remained incomplete as the highway construction would lead to demolition of a number of houses which had been opposed by residents.To protect the houses along the stretch, Goa government had filed the SLP in the Supreme Court in June 2011 following a high court of Bombay at Goa order in May 2011 to hand over encumbrance-free land to the contractor for the of the highway expansion project.The Supreme Court disposed the petition after Goa government placed on record its view regarding the manner in which the construction of the remaining portion will be completed.Sources said the BJP government in Goa decided in April to take over the balance part of the project for providing port connectivity. It agreed to construct the elevated highway at Baina beach of one km and share the component of additional cost.The four-lane project of the highway from Verna junction to Varunapuri junction (13.10 km) was completed in 2004 while work on remaining length of 5.2km couldn't commence in view of habitations along the stretch.Aggrieved by the delay in completion of the stretch, Mormugao Port Users Association and others had filed a writ petition in the high court seeking directions to the government to complete the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16563807", "title": "Irrigation dams are 77% full", "text": "AHMEDABAD: With the India Metrological Department announcing the withdrawal of monsoon, only 18 of the state's 202 irrigation dams are overflowing.The state has 2,490 million cubic metres (MCM) less water than last year. According to data released by the irrigation department, the 202 irrigations dams in the state have 77.7% of their total storage capacity of 15,921 MCM, less than last year.The irrigation department said no region of the state had more water than last year. Only 17 dams in Central Gujarat were close to last year's storage levels. These 17 dams have 2,461 MCM of water this year, which was 37 MCM less than last year. Among other regions, North Gujarat has 371 MCM water as compared to last year.However, the situation in Saurashtra and Kutch was very grim. The 135 dams there have just 455 MCM of water - which was 2,205 MCM last year - 1,749 MCM less.The 20 dams in Kutch have 118.80 MCM - 188 MCM less - than last year's level of 306.95 MCM.Officials said that 17 major irrigation dams are 86% full. Of these, five have more than 90% of their capacity of water. These include Ukai, Kadana, Dharoi, Panam and Watrak. Karjan, Damanganga and Sukhi have more than 80% of their water capacity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-27"}
