{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11657753", "title": "CM: Speed up drinking water project", "text": "HYDERABAD: Chief Minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy Friday asked Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) officials to expedite the Krishna Drinking Water Supply project-Phase III which, it is hoped, would definitively deal with the water problem. The chief minister was reviewing drinking water problems in the state city.The Krishna phase-III project has been designed to supply 90 million gallons a day (MGD) of water to the city, especially to the outlying municipal circles. It was five months back that the water board submitted a detailed project report which pegs the cost of the project at Rs 1,600 crore.\"The CM has asked us to avoid delays in the project. We explained over financial position and the need for funds from sources like HUDCO. The CM gave us an assurance that whatever funds we need would be provided for the project,\" HMWS&SB; director (projects), M Satyanarayana told TOI. \"We briefed him about the ongoing Godavari drinking water project as well,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "11661183", "title": "Republic Day here got a Chinese touch!", "text": "SURAT: On Thursday, when India celebrated its 63nd Republic Day, a group of Chinese youngsters decided to mingle among Indians to spread the message of national fervor and international brotherhood in their unique way. They walked quietly into a mall full of people and offered to paint the national tricolour on the wrists.Rajiv Bhatt, who was present in the Iscon Mall on Thursday evening, said, \"When I saw four Chinese youngsters painting Indian flags on the hands, I got emotional. I sent my daughter to get the tricolour painted by their hands.\"The Chinese youngsters are in Surat under the AIESEC's programme.The youngsters aged between 18 years and 21 years caught the attention of all when they too joined the chorus of patriotic slogans in unison.\"My friend and I joined them in singing Vande Mataram on Rehman beats,\" said Radha Murthy, a student.\"Our aim was to celebrate India's Republic Day to spread positivity. We think we have succeeded in that,\" said one of the AIESEC students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11658082", "title": "Railways to procure high-speed accident relief trains", "text": "PATNA: The railways has decided to procure most sophisticated and modern high-speed Self-Propelled Accident Relief Trains (SPARTs) with a view to further strengthening its disaster management system. It will be fitted with hydraulic crane with telescopic boom which can run at the maximum speed limit of 200 km per hour.According to a Railway Board official, the railways has at present 27 such trains which can run at the maximum speed of 110 km per hour. Besides, the railways has 69 hydraulic cranes which have the capacity to lift 140 tonnes only, he said.The Board official told TOI that the axle load of each coach and wagon has now increased to 175 tonnes. The existing cranes do not have the capacity to lift such heavy coach and wagon of 175 tonnes. The railways is in need of high propelled accident relief trains which cannot only lift heavy coach and wagon, but they can start rescue and track restoration work at faster speed at the accident site, he said.According to sources, the railways intends to procure as many as 20 SPARTs, which can run at the maximum speed limit of 200 km per hour during an emergency. The railways will soon float global tenders to procure coach and wagon of 175 tonnes, fitted with hydraulic cranes with telescopic boom. Besides, the railways is keen to import about eight such cranes with telescopic boom from European countries, sources said. According to the Board official, while these cranes are fitted with cutters, spreaders and hand tools for cutting coaches to rescue passengers trapped inside the coaches, telescopic boom cranes are equipped with hydraulic cutters to cut stainless steel coaches in the wake of mishap on tracks. The greatest advantage of telescopic boom cranes is that they can easily undertake rescue operation inside the tunnel or on a bridge in an emergency, he said.Incidentally, the railways has been manufacturing its own cranes of 140 tonnes at the Jamalpur railway workshop. The railways has also decided to modernize this oldest workshop increasing its capacity to manufacture heavy cranes to fulfill the needs of the railways, sources said, adding a comprehensive plan is being worked out to equip the Jamalpur workshop in a better way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11658871", "title": "City school to award marks for sports", "text": "KOLKATA: Despite making sports mandatory last year, students of St James School preferred remaining confined to classrooms instead of hitting the field. Worried over students' health problems, the school has found a way out this year. It has decided to award marks to its students for participating in sports and feels this will inculcate sportsmanship among children. Henceforth, any student participating in one or more games will be awarded one mark, two marks, three marks or five marks. The marks will be added to the aggregate in each examination.All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. The all too familiar phrase came true for many students of St James School who preferred to remain couch potatoes rather than hit the field even after sports was made mandatory last year. Worried over students' health problems, St James School has found a way out this year. The school has begun awarding marks in examinations to its students for participating in sports and feels this will inculcate sportsmanship among children. Henceforth, any student participating in one or more games will be awarded one mark, two marks, three marks or five marks. The marks will be added to the aggregate in each examination.\"A student participating in the intra-class games will be awarded one mark. Those participating in inter-house competitions will be awarded two marks. Inter-school competition participants will be awarded three marks in the aggregate and, finally, participating in district, state level or even national competitions will earn students an additional five marks,\" said principal of St James High School, T H Ireland.\"It will give students an opportunity to score additional 50 to 60 marks in the aggregate by participating in various indoor and outdoor games,\" the principal added. The various sports considered for additional marks include football , cricket, tennis, swimming, basketball, badminton as well as indoor games like chess, table tennis and some others.Ireland said, \"Instead of limiting the reward to only participating in games, we have extended it to co-curricular activities too. The students taking part in debates, quizzing, elocution, dramatics, music and dance competitions will also be awarded additional marks.\"The school had decided to make sports compulsory for students last year.\"It yielded no result. The students kept themselves away from sports, citing health reasons. Some even claimed they had too much pressure of studies and, thus, could not find time to take part in sports. The problem of arranging transport beyond school hours, too, was cited as an excuse by students,\" said the principal.\"We have observed that those students who participated in sports are more attentive in classes and are also much more disciplined. They can control their emotions more than others. Moreover, obesity is always a problem among students who love to feed on junk foods. Out of concern, we have decided to make sports compulsory from classes V to XII,\" added Ireland.Those students who still refuse to participate in sports may have their parents called. \"Without a serious health concern, no student will be allowed to stay away from games,\" Ireland said.Class teachers will maintain all details and records of children taking part in games.Sports minister Madan Mitra, who has been relentless in the pursuit of introducing sports as a compulsory subject in schools, hailed the move. \"This will only lead the way and pave the path for better and healthy children in this society. Schools affiliated to the West Bengal Board for Secondary Education too are trying to make sports mandatory,\" the minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "11659086", "title": "Headless body found on train", "text": "AJMER: A headless body inside the Bikaner-Secandrabad express shocked passengers on Friday at the Merta road railway station. The headless body kept in a black colour bag under seat number 75 of S9 coach. TTE Virnadra Singh found the luggage during checking. A case has been filed in connection with the case at GRP police Ajmer.The train reached Merta road around 4.50 pm. \"The black colour bag was lying under the seat and I asked the passengers about it but no one turned up,\" Singh said. He then took out out the bag and put it on the platform ast it looked suspicious. \"When we opened the bag, it was shocking to find a body without the head,\" police said.Police also found three shirts inside the bag and one of them name and address of a tailor. The address said - Saba tailor, LDA colony 3rd DKA road LKD, Banwarilal, SHO of the GRP police station.According to police, preliminary investigation said the deceased is aged around 25 to 30 years and of black complexion. \"We have registered a case under sections 302, 201 of the IPC against unidentified criminals and investigating the case,\" added Banwarilal. He added that an investigation has started to identify the body and the missing head.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11658947", "title": "20-yr-old rendered immobile days before armed forces' exams", "text": "PUNE: For two years now, Praful Nair had been preparing for the Combined Defence Service Examination and the Air Force Common Admission Test - the first exam for an officer post in the army and the other for a ground duty officer post in the air force. But bus driver Santosh Mane's manic drive on Wednesday put paid to his plans of appearing for either exams - the CDS exam is scheduled to be held on February 12 and the Air Force CAT on February 26. The 20-year-old Nair sustained grievous fractures in both legs after being hit by Mane's bus at Pulgate.\"I have nurtured the desire to join the defence services since my childhood,\" said Praful, a resident of Ghorpadi gaon. \"I have always wanted to serve my country despite no one from my family having served with the armed forces. This would have been my maiden attempt at both exams, for which I have been preparing for the last two years. Given my condition now, where I cannot even move, I will not be able to write the exams.\"Praful, a final year B.Com student of Symbiosis College, has broken his femur in one leg while the knee shaft of the other leg has been dislocated. \"I suffered head injuries too in the accident and have abrasions on my spinal column and shoulder. I have taken six or seven stitches on the head,\" he said.Recalling the horrific incident, Praful said, \"I had left for college around 8 am on my motorcycle. The bus hit me from behind in front of S M Joshi school at Pulgate. After hitting me, the bus also dragged me over some distance. People took me to the Pune Cantonment hospital. Later, my parents shifted me to Sassoon hospital.\"An outstanding sportsman, Praful has excelled in football and basketball and won many certificates in athletics too. \"I played at the regional and even state level for my school, Kendriya Vidyalaya, Southern Command. I also played state-level football and basketball in the 11th and 12th standard and have certificates in 400m and 200m races. In addition, I have won several medals and certificates in various inter-school sports competitions,\" he said.Praful has a 16-year-old brother who studies in the 10th standard. His father is a security supervisor with the Pune Cantonment Board.When contacted, Sassoon medical superintendent D G Kulkarni said, \"Surgeries will be carried out on Monday to fix the fractures in Praful's legs. He will definitely be able to walk. However, he will require prolonged medical care.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11658896", "title": "Teen missing, cops say foul play", "text": "MUMBAI: The last time the Rawals who live in Kalbadevi saw their son, 17-year-old Akshay was at 7pm on January 25, when he left the house to get some school notes photocopied and run errands for them. It's been more than two days, but Akshay-a Class X student at Barretto High School in south Mumbai-has yet to return home. The police suspect foul play behind his disappearance, and are questioning one of Akshay's classmates Ketan Sharma (name changed) with whom he had gotten into a scuffle last month. Investigators believe that Sharma has something to hide as he was unable to confirm his whereabouts the night Akshay went missing, and kept changing his story when they questioned him.When Akshay failed to return home on Wednesday, his family first called on all his friends to see if he was with them. When they could not find him at his regular \"hangout spots\" they lodged a complaint with the LT Marg Police station at midnight.\"Akshay had just returned from tuition classes when we sent him out again. He had to buy full-length ruled sheets, photocopy some notes and so we asked him to pick up some cheese from the local dairy,\" said his mother. Staff at the dairy and the photocopier both confirmed that Akshay had visited them between 7:45 and 8pm. A few passersby later told the family that they had seen Akshay with a group of five boys at 8:15pm near a hotel, which is just next to the dairy that Rawal had purchased the cheese from.The Rawals became suspicious of Ketan after he allegedly showed \"complete disinterest\" in Akshay's disappearance.\"When we first called Ketan, his servant told us he was sleeping. Later, Ketan met us while we searching for Akshay and said he was going to Ambernath that night. But when we called up his father, he told us that he had sent his son to his sister's house in Mira Road with a servant . Fifteen minutes later, Ketan's father again called up and said that he found his son sleeping in a garment shop at Bhuleshwar,\" said Rawal's younger brother, Hardik. Ketan's father works as an employee at the garment shop.This constant flip-flop prompted Rawal's father to share his suspicions with the police. \"We went to Akshay's school and questioned all his school friends. We found out that Rawal and Ketan had gotten into a fight. From what we have gathered, Akshay is a good student and mentally sound. It doesn't seem like he has run away. We can't rule out kidnapping but the family hasn't received any ransom calls,\" said inspector A Patil of the LT Marg police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "11658024", "title": "Finally, Kothi bridge to become a reality", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The fate of Kothi Bridge seems to be looking up. Though the bridge was constructed 14 years ago, the absence of an approach road has been hampering the residents of the region to use the bridge. The government decision to give special package for 40 families who would be displaced as part of the project will be approved in the next cabinet meeting. The move is expected to speed up the land acquisition for the construction of the approach road to Kothi bridge. According to Kothi Bridge Action Committee, the government will give Rs 4 lakh for each family.Though a sub-committee headed by mayor A K Premajam was formed to speed up the process, it could not deliver any result. \"The process in the ninth block is not yet over. The approach road will be a reality only after the completion of the land acquisition,\" said the mayor.The construction of approach road has been hanging fire ever since M K Muneer laid the foundation stone for the bridge 14 years ago when he was the public works minister. The public was so irked with the delay that they had erected an iron ladder to help the public reach the bridge.According to corporation officials, out of 94 families, 25 families have already shifted to their new houses constructed by the civic body under a rehabilitation package at Chamundivalappu.\"Areas including Payyanakkal and Chakkumkadave can be accessed from the western side of the city once the approach road becomes a reality. At present we have to 3-4 km to the nearest bus stop,\" said Muhammed of Payyanakkal.Meanwhile former MLA P M A Salam, who represented old Kozhikode II (now Kozhikode South) blamed the revenue department for the delay in building an approach road.Decision to give special package for 40 families who would be displaced as part of the project will be approved in the next cabinet meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11658448", "title": "Nominations for fifth phase begins today", "text": "LUCKNOW: Nominations for the fifth phase of Uttar Pradesh Vidhan Sabha election would commence on Saturday. Officials said that as many as 1,099 candidates would be contesting across 59 assembly segments in the second phase.Nominations for the fifth phase would begin at 11.00 am on Saturday.In this, 49 assembly constituencies in 13 districts will go to poll.These include Kanshiramnagar, Etah, Mainpuri, Etawah, Auraiyya, Ramabai Nagar, Kanpur, Jalaun, Jhansi, Lalitpur, Hamirpur and Mahoba.UP Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11657967", "title": "PIL against non-utilization of funds", "text": "PATNA: An NGO on Friday filed a PIL against non-utilization of funds allotted for implementation of welfare schemes to different departments this year and repeated surrender of funds by the state government for the last six years.Petitioner Chhaya Sarkar's counsel M P Gupta said the PIL has sought a direction from the Patna high court to the government to identify the officials due to whom the funds remained unutilized or had to be surrendered. It has also sought a direction to the state government to initiate departmental proceedings against these officials.Meanwhile, leader of opposition in the state assembly Abdul Bari Siddiqui alleged the state returned Rs 4,000 crore of the Rs 22,000 crore allotted to it by the Centre last year. \"This year, a bigger amount has remained unutilized,\" he said and added the state government would either allow 'March loot' or surrender the funds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11657362", "title": "Boy death: CFSL team visits Mayur Vihar school", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three days after a 12-year-old child allegedly fell off the second floor of his school building in Mayur Vihar, a Central Forensic Science Laboratory (CFSL) team visited the school to ascertain the exact cause that led to the boy's fall. Cops said they are yet to conclude whether the child's overweight schoolbag played a role in the accident.\"The CFSL team studied the trajectory of the fall and tried to determine the wind speed at the time of the accident. We are expecting a report in a month. Based on their findings, we will investigate the case further,\" said DCP (east) Prabhakar.Sources said that they are questioning some of the schoolteachers. \"We are taking students' feedback too. Based on these inputs and the scientific analysis of the technical committee, we will zero in on those whom we need to question and whether the school authorities can be held responsible for the incident.The incident took place last Tuesday around 1.30 pm. The victim, Varun Jain, was a student of Class six at Rishabh Public School, Mayur Vihar, Phase I. According to Varun's father, Sanjay Jain - an electrician - the school authorities claimed that while Varun was going to board the school bus, he told his cousin that he had forgotten his notebook in the class. He ran upstairs to fetch it. Suddenly there was a loud thud. When the authorities rushed to the spot, they found Varun lying in a pool of blood.\"The school claims that he might have jumped off the second-floor. However, the railing is about 3.5ft high while my son was well above four feet tall. Then how could he have fallen off the railing,\" a distraught Jain said.\"There was little that we could have done to save him,\" said V B Joshi, administrative officer, Kailash Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11657885", "title": "6 held for smuggling PDS rice", "text": "MADURAI: Police have seized over seven tonnes of rice meant for sale through the public distribution system (PDS) being smuggled near Arupukottai in Virudhunagar district, on Friday.Six persons have been arrested and the lorry used for smuggling has been seized. The arrested persons have told the police that they were taking the rice from Ramanathapuram district to Manapparai in Trichy.Police said that one of their patrol teams was involved in vehicle checking at the by-pass near Arupukottai early in the morning when they intercepted a truck on suspicion. The police inspected the contents on the truck and found that it was laden with bags of rice. When the police sought for the documents meant for purchase and transporting the rice, the truck driver failed to give a convincing reply.On further interrogation, he confessed that the rice was meant for PDS sale and that it was being smuggled. Police later arrested the driver Deivendran of Melur, as well as five others in the truck. The six persons have been handed over to the food cell officials.Police said that in all, there were 150 bags of rice weighing 7.5 tonnes. The truck had left from Pammanendhal in Ramanathapuram district and was heading towards Manapparai.The food cell officials are interrogating the source from where the rice was procured from and the person it was smuggled for. The sleuths are also trying to find out if the arrested were involved in smuggling the PDS rice for long.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11654969", "title": "Youth has a miraculous escape in freak accident", "text": "NAGPUR: A 25-year-old labourer had a miraculous escape when he fell from the terrace and was electrocuted when he landed with electric wires, while chasing a kite, on Friday afternoon.Nitin Borkar, a resident of new Indora near Republican Nagar, had gone with his team for decoration works at Vinay Naidu's residence in Bezonbagh. Naidu had given them the contract of decorations for his daughter's wedding on Saturday.Around 3pm, Borkar was fitting the lightning on the terrace when he saw the loose manja of a kite. According to the neighbour, Alka Thawre, Borkar had completed his work but was still carrying the electric wires in his hand. \"Some children were flying kites on the terrace. Borkar saw the kite coming towards him and with wires in his hand, he leant forward to catch the manja. Though he succeeded in getting it, he lost his balance and fell down with the wires,\" she said.\"He fell over the electric wires that were extended for decoration works from one pole to the other. He was even swinging on electric wires for few seconds before falling down,\" said Naidu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "11661058", "title": "Fearing arrest, thief commits suicide", "text": "RAJKOT: In a bizarre incident, a thief committed suicide by hanging himself in the very house which he had gone to steal, apparently fearing arrest.The incident occurred on Thursday morning in the house of a retired railway station master Vasundhra Joshi at Hansrajnagar in Popatpara area of the city, Pradhyumanagar police station officials said.Joshi had gone to Vadodara to attend a social function when two thieves entered his house. While they were stealing, neighbours heard some noise and suspected something fishy inside. Some of them managed to spot the thieves and called up the police.\"When police reached the spot, one of the thieves managed to escape. However, another thief identified as Vipul Vyas of Jamjodhpur town locked the house from inside. When police broke the lock and entered, he was found hanging from the ceiling fan,\" police inspector, Pradhyumanagar police station, V B Jadeja said.\"It is likely that Vipul may have committed suicide fearing arrest. The exact details will be known his accomplice is arrested,\" Jadeja added.Police also found a rickshaw outside the house. \"We are investigating about the ownership of the rickshaw,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11663961", "title": "Kirsten Dunst feared director", "text": "Kirsten Dunst was scared to work with Lars Von Trier .The 29-year-old actress stars in the legendary filmmaker's 'Melancholia' but admitted she was nervous about making a movie with him because of his difficult reputation.Kirsten said: \"I was scared about working with Lars because everyone made such a big deal about how he tortures actresses. When I first got to know him I was shocked by the things he would say, but you don't make the movies he makes with a PC personality. But what I found was a really sensitive, funny and kind director who was emotionally intuitive. He loves women.\"Kirsten also revealed she is happy to go naked for a part \"when it's appropriate\".She added: \"There's a scene in 'Melancholia' where I'm lying naked, bathing in the glow of the moon, but it looks like a painting as it's lit so beautifully. You can almost forget that I'm nude. Whether your boyfriend minds seeing you naked depends on what kind of boyfriend you have. Some people would freak out but I wouldn't want to be with a person who did. It's art - I'd be proud if it was my girlfriend.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11661311", "title": "India to face coal shortage of 265 MT", "text": "RANCHI: The country will face a coal shortage of around 265 million tonne by 2016-17.According to projection by a working group on coal and lignite for 12th Five Year Plan there will be demand for around 980 MT coal by 2016-17, sources in Central Mine Planning and Design Institute (CMPDI), a subsidiary of Coal India Ltd (CIL), said. Against this requirement the project production will be around 715 MT.\"There will be a gap of around 265 MT of coal. As CIL is the dominant contributor in the country's coal production, the major responsibility of bridging the gap between demand and supply lies on CIL and CMPDI,\" said chairman-cum-managing director of CMPDI AK Singh.At present, the total production of CIL is around 520 MT but its has also been facing lots of problem in expansion owing to forest and environment clearance.The revelation comes at a time when almost all power generation companies of the country are facing tough time in getting adequate amount of coal to run the plants. Recently, Damodar Valley Corporation chairman R N Sen had also expressed concern over coal shortage.Officials in CMPDI, however, said there is ray of hope and if coal-producing companies move ahead with a positive mindset then the problem can be mitigated to a great extent.\"The present proved coal reserve of the country is 114 billion tonne against the proved reserve of just 21 billion tonnes in 1976. CMPDI has also intensified drilling process to get exact details about quality of coal and viability in extraction. If steps are taken then there will not be much problem,\" said an officer of CMPDI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11657681", "title": "From events to a seminar, it's all about helping youth to help themselves", "text": "BITS Pilani Goa Campus, ZuarinagarBe The ChangeShashank SauravJanuary 21 saw the Centre for Entrepreneurial Leadership, BITS Goa, organize Agora 2012-a young leaders' conference as part of the annual techno-managerial festival, Quark. The conference aimed at bringing together young leaders, entrepreneurs and innovators, who have had far-reaching impact in their own domains, in addition to leaving indelible imprints on the overall functioning of Indian society.K Raman, director, BITS Goa, inaugurated the conference that saw around 400 attendees. Opening speaker, Vrishank Chandravarkar, who hosts a show on entrepreneurship called 'Starting Up' (aired on ET Now), shared insights on the relevance of technology startups and their future in the world.The conference also featured the man behind JagritiYatra, an 18-day odyssey across the country that has captured the attention of young India, Swapnil Dixit. He inspired the audience with his aptly named presentation, 'Awaking the Entrepreneurial Spirit in the Youth'.Manik Thapar concluded the first half of the conference with the success story of his Noida-based startup, Eco-Wise Waste Management Services. With his focus on environment-friendly operations, Thapar has quietly revolutionized the way urban India perceives waste management and recycling services.Nikunj Jain, founder of popular application development agency, InoXapps, shared his journey with the listeners, recounting how six months at a government consultancy helped him discover what he \"did not\" want for life and how a passing interest in the application world blossomed into a full-time passion.The event concluded with a panel discussion on 'How viable is social entrepreneurship as an option for the career-driven youth of today?'(With inputs from Radhika Parik &amp; Akshay Vikas)--------------------Restricted EntryChintan ZalaniInternet browsing for students at BITS Goa has now been authenticated by an LDAP server. Students faced several problems in internet usage in the previous semester, where even social media websites were banned. Now, students will be able to use social networking sites again on the local area network (LAN) for students' usage from their hostel rooms. But, there will be restrictions on per day/week internet usage.--------------------Grand SlamChintan ZalaniThe inter-hostel sports extravaganza 'Slam' was held at the BITS Goa campus from January 21 to 26. The sports which saw hostels compete against each other included conventional tournaments of cricket, football , volleyball, badminton , carom, chess, table tennis and some specials such as futsal and gully cricket.The competitions were held from evenings to late night. Slam is held every year in January and serves as a decent warm-up for the National Sports Festival 'Spree' held in March.--------------------Government College, KhandolaStress TestRachita ChodankarThe department of psychology at the Government College of Arts, Science and Commerce, Khandola, in partnership with the Indian Council of Social Science Research (ICSSR) and the Rotary Club of Panaji Riviera, is organizing a two-day, state-level seminar on 'Stress and Coping Among Youth'.The seminar will be held in the college auditorium on February 17-18 from 10am to 4pm. Through an interdisciplinary approach, it seeks to identify the reasons for stress among youth and will analyze coping mechanisms used by youngsters.The seminar seeks to educate youth on techniques to manage stress and espouses a healthy lifestyle. Teachers and students from any faculty can present papers at the seminar.--------------------Dempo College of Commerce &amp; Economics, AltinhoLaying Sound FoundationCarl S D'SouzaA host of activities marked Founder's Day celebrations at S S Dempo College of Commerce and Economics, Altinho. The highlight was the inauguration of the new campus for the BBA course by Srinivas Dempo, chairman, Dempo Group of Companies. The campus at the Massano de Amorim Complex in Panaji was opened in the presence of trustee, Pallavi Dempo, administrator, Sunil Prabhudesai, principal, Radhika Nayak, members of the governing body, faculty, staff and students.In his inaugural speech, the chairman said Dempo Charities Trust provides industry-oriented education which will provide job opportunities to BBA students. He stressed that students should capitalize on learning opportunities at the heritage-educational premises.Later, at the Altinho campus, the college's founder, late Srinivasa Sinai Dempo, was paid homage to with a garland placed on his bust. Guests, including trustee Vishwasrao Dempo, the founder's grandson, then visited the old age home run by the Provedoria at Serra Building and distributed gifts to the residents.The second issue of the interdisciplinary in-house research journal 'Anushandhan' was also released at the hands of Shrinivas Dempo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11658431", "title": "SMS traffic alerts are back on new number", "text": "BANGALORE: The SMS facility of traffic police to send alerts to citizens on the traffic situation at various intersections is back in operation. But subscribers will have to register with a new number for the facility.A Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI) ban on bulk SMS messages had affected the facility's operations.\"TRAI guidelines had created problems for us. We have now received sanction to continue the facility with the new number,\" said additional commissioner (traffic) MA Saleem.Those who want to register for the facility will have to send a message JOIN BTP to 09219592195. \"Once a citizen registers, she/he will get a message confirming the registration and will then be eligible to receive regular updates on the traffic situation, especially bottlenecks. This is to ensure smooth driving within the city,\" Saleem said.Existing subscribers will have to register afresh to get the facility.How to subscribeThose interested in receiving alerts about the city's traffic situation have to send a message JOIN BTP to 09219592195. Aspiring subscribers will then receive a message confirming their registration, after which they'll get regular updates issued by the traffic management centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11658439", "title": "Witness cultural extravaganza", "text": "BANGALORE: It's festival time at KH Kala Soudha. The art fraternity and people in the vicinity are dressing up the venue for two days of cultural fest. The show featuring play, music and contemporary dance, begins on Saturday at Gayana Samaj, KR Road, from 4pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "davos", "code": "11661210", "title": "Wipro will outperform IT industry: Azim Premji", "text": "DAVOS: IT major Wipro's chairman Azim Premji expressed confidence that company would be able to maintain revenue growth as per its guidance for the quarter ending March 2012.\"We have an order book. We have a pipeline. We wouldn't give guidance unless we were very confident on it,\" Premji said here on the World Economic Forum (WEF) meeting here.While announcing its results last week, Wipro said that revenues from IT services business to be in the range of $1,384-1,411 million, a sequential increase of 3 to 5 per cent for the fourth quarter ending March 31.Premji said that his company has not seen slow down in his business from Europe.\"Fortunately, we don't do business in Greece , Italy, Spain and Ireland . So far, if those sets of customers are concerned, we are reasonably isolated from them,\" he said.On changes taking place within the company, Premji said that Wipro has done a lot in terms of transformation.\"We have put much more horsepower in our sales engine. We have put much more sensitivity to understanding the customer and being proactive with the customer. We are now streamlining our back-end and trying to standardise it as much as possible, at the same time being able to differentiate at the front end,\" he said.He said that Wipro will outperform the industry. \"We will be very disappointed if we don't. Our assessment is that irrespective of what IMF said the situation in terms of industry leadership confidence and enthusiasm in the US is positive,\" Premji said.Wipro reported 9.6 per cent increase in consolidated net profit at Rs 1,318.8 crore and 12 per cent rise in total revenue at Rs 7,829 crore for the third quarter ended December 31, 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11658823", "title": "Mamata to visit Sunderbans on Jan 31", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee will begin a fresh round of tours to the districts with a two-day trip to the Sunderbans on January 31. She will be in Gosaba and review the overall situation in the area. She will spend the next day visiting Aila-affected areas.Sunderbans has been crawling back to normalcy since it was devastated by cyclone Aila on May 25, 2009. More than 5,000 people were displaced and left the wildlife rattled. Thousands were affected by a deadly diarrhoea outbreak that followed the cyclone.With embankments breached, scores of villages remained under water for months. The water has long receded but the scars still exist. People across the Sunderbans are still struggling to come to terms with the loss. Mamata Banerjee's visit will give residents a new ray of hope. Many have allegedly not received the government compensation that was announced.From the Sunderbans, Mamata will visit different parts of the state. She will be at Krishnagar on February 9, Siliguri on February 10 and Itahar the following day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11657652", "title": "Art is all about emotions in artist &amp; viewer", "text": "His easy command over words and many philosophies are well known and can be overwhelming. And the fact that he can be with Oprah or Obama one minute, Lady Gaga and Madonna the next, is intimidating too. But sitting with Trishla Jain on a sunny January morning sipping garam chai in Lutyens' Delhi after seeing the preview of her Mumbai solo show 'Tangerine Trees &amp; Marmalade Skies', Dr Deepak Chopra was anything but OTT, his snazzy spectacle frames notwithstanding.Indeed, the articulate doctor and effervescent artist were absolutely on the same plane, discussing art and Advaitya, colour and consciousness, with unalloyed candour. \"Contemporary mandala,\" he murmured, looking at her distillation of the Vedantic 'I am' in the midst of the words, 'I am the highest truth; I am the greatest peace; I am the grandest love'. She understood perfectly, straddling as she does two cultures: a spirtually enlightened home in Delhi and an intellectually ignited legacy from Stanford.\"There is nothing else but Now,\" he nodded, examining her emphatic tryptich of the same name as she talked of the immediacy of her work. \"Archetypes,\" he commented, edging past Artimus Tyger, emblazoned with the wisdom of many creeds. His allusion to the individual expression of collective consciousness wasn't lost on her either. Indeed, words, art, and their deepest meanings ruled the morning.\"Science seeks a quantitative measure of a qualitative experience; it has sacrificed reality for its symbolic representation,\"said Dr Chopra, restating a devastating line that invariably irks believers in the absoluteness of science. \"Art, however, is an expression of consciousness. Science is a map, Art is experiential symbolism.\" So for him all kinds of art - not only Trishla's resoundingly joyous works - were important as they were all mirrors of the human condition, capturing the \"flavour of life\".And he compressed the gamut of these discrete experiences, these individual expressions of universal phenomena, into one powerful word, that resonated long after he bid adieu to Trishla: qualia.\"It is the quality of subjective experience,\" Dr Chopra explained. \"Science is trying to understand it in terms of neural networks, but a sunset cannot be described by the chemicals that flood the brain as the eye perceives the setting sun! What each individual perceives in sunsets or colours or emotions is qualia.\" Art itself then, is qualia - the artist's as she paints, the viewer's as she perceives - and the display rooms comprise the universe. \"Even God does not feel complete until He has shared His expression - Creation!\" he smiled in encouragement.Cautioning her, however, to stay centred by focussing on her witness consciousness, he quelled any qualms about instant fame she may have had as he sent millions of Twitter followers a photo of them standing in front of 'G is for Joy, Guru and G-Spot' by recounting a serendipitous incident. A chance appearance at the anti-Wall Street protests led to his developing a course on 'just capital' to inspire students at Columbia University! Celebrity clearly has its own unpredictable momentum but its sweet rewards too.\"Collective imagination can change the world,\" he said about the resonance of social media, stressing his belief that true progress comes through leaps in collective consciousness, not merely via science. \"Spark off their qualia too!\" he told Trishla about the schoolkids already trooping in to see her works. And as for dealing with others' qualia, \"Live meditatively!\" said Dr Chopra, adding the succinct words of J Krishnamurti that is often the hardest to follow. \"Observe yourself without judgment.\"Dr Chopra is back in the US but with her works open to the qualia of hundreds of visitors at the ongoing India Art Fair and at 4 Tilak Marg simultaneously, Trishla will have to put his wisdom to intensive use.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11658195", "title": "Mental profiling for bus drivers", "text": "MUMBAI: Following the ghastly accident in which an MSRTC driver mowed down eight people and injured 30 others in Pune on January 25, the bus corporation has now decided to conduct a psychological profiling of more than 20,000 drivers plying buses across the state.More than a hundred drivers ply the Mumbai-Pune AC Volvos. There is now panic among passengers following the Pune incident. Sources at the Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation said a committee of experts, including doctors, psychiatrists and government officials, will be set up on Monday. The role of this committee will be to prepare a masterplan on how all drivers in the MSRTC will undergo a series of medical tests and their past illnesses, both mental and physical, will also be taken on record. \"This panel will primarily work towards creating a psychological profile of every driver and the corporation will have to act on the recommendations,\" said an official. He said drivers found mentally unstable could be asked to go on medical leave and recover completely before taking charge of the wheel.Those having personal problems will be segregated into one group and offered counselling. The MSRTC also plans to conduct special \"stress buster\" camps for these drivers. \"We will also review the working hours of all drivers and if there is any kind of abnormality in the timings between two shifts, we will try to understand the problem and take corrective action,\" said a senior official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11657457", "title": "Push for service tax set to raise rail fares", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rail fares are set to go up with the finance ministry considering a service tax on AC class travel if the railway ministry doesn't heed its suggestion to rationalize passenger fares. The last hike in fares took place in 2002.The railways has been seeking additional budgetary support to bridge the mounting losses and implement pending and delayed projects but the finance ministry has told the state transporter to raise resources from internal sources, including raising passenger fares.Though railway minister Dinesh Trivedi has hinted at raising passenger fares on numerous occasions, he has failed to convince his political boss and Trinamool chief Mamata Banerjee , also the West Bengal chief minister. Banerjee had steadfastly refused to increase passenger fares during her tenure as railway minister.Trivedi, seen as pro-reforms in Rail Bhawan, had spoken last week of possible revision in passenger fares at a function a full two months before the rail budget is to be presented. The comment came as a surprise as only preliminary budget discussions are on right now.The railways is losing about Rs 16,000 crore annually on account of subsidizing passenger fares that is holding up its modernization and expansion plans.But Banerjee is against any hike which is being interpreted in Congress circles as her attempt to be seen as pro-aam aadmi and acquire the entire non-Left political space in West Bengal. The move to raise fares may further deteriorate Congress-Trinamool ties, already under strain over issues like petrol price hike, FDI in multi-brand retail to renaming of Indira Bhawan.Trivedi has repeatedly spoken about the need for a complete overhaul of railway infrastructure and rebuilding of the system with modern technology to ensure high level of safety, but has failed to mention where the resources will come from.Railway employees' unions too have warned Trivedi that the state-run transporter may go the Air India way if fares are not rationalized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11663913", "title": "Shiv Sena workers attack Times office in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: A group of Shiv Sena workers damaged property at the office of The Times of India in Mumbai on Saturday.The mob carrying saffron flags burnt copies of the Times Group's Marathi daily, Maharashtra Times, in front of the entrance to the Times building opposite CST railway station.Later, the mob, shouting \"pro-Sena\" slogans, barged into the lobby of the building and damaged the doorframe metal detector, flower pots and even computers kept at the reception.Police immediately swung into action and arrested over a dozen of sainiks in connection with the violence. According to reports, Sena activists were irked with a Maharashtra Times story stating that party MP Anandrao Adsul was on his way to join the NCP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11657418", "title": "Plaint filed against Digambar", "text": "MARGAO: Former chairperson of the Margao Municipal Council, Savio Coutinho and others belonging to newly formed 'Margao Front for Change' have lodged a complaint with the South Goa district collector against chief minister Digambar Kamat for having violated model election of code.The complaint has pointed out that two advertisements published in newspapers on January 25 with regards to notification for land acquisition - one for \"rehabilitation for missing link of ring road\" in Margao and the other for expansion of sewerage treatment plant and buffer zone - were in violation of the model code of conduct as they were likely to influence the voters. Taking cognizance of the complaint, Salcete SDM Dasharath Redkar, has written to the office of the deputy collector, land acquisition, Margao and the Division VI (roads) of the PWD to submit an explanation to him over the complaint within 24 hours.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11649373", "title": "Kat\u2019s item song not lavani, mine will be: Mugdha Godse", "text": "It seems that actor Katrina Kaif's sizzling item number Chikni Chameli hasn't gone down well with Mugdha Godse .The Marathi mulgi, who was in the city recently, said that the lavani-inspired song definitely doesn't fall in the Maharashtrian folk dance space. \"I've seen the song, but it is not lavani. The item number is inspired by a very popular Marathi song titled Kombdi Pallali and it is a very catchy number. Nevertheless, it is a well done piece and hats off to Katrina for pulling off the energetic steps,\" she says, adding, \"But lavani is very different and you will see me doing a lavani in my first Marathi film, which is the remake of Laadla.\"Mugdha would have made her foray into regional films earlier in a Tamil film, the Prakash Rai production Dhoni, but things didn't work out. \"I want to do a Tamil film, but somehow things have not been working out. There were some date issues, so I had to opt out of the project,\" she explains.The actor, whose career graph went downhill after her debut in Fashion, admits that her recent films haven't been standouts at the box office. While All The Best was a commercial success, Help and Jail, despite being critically acclaimed, failed to set the BO on fire. \"Destiny plays a very important part in life. After Fashion became a huge hit, my other films did not get great numbers. There was a time when I felt nothing much was happening, but every actor goes through a lull in his or her career. I'm glad that phase is over for me,\" she says. Meanwhile, Mugdha, who has switched to comedy, hopes her second lease of life in B-town will give her a good head start this year. The actor has three films lined up for release, and is awaiting the release of an Akshaye Khanna-starrer based on corruption. \"I'm doing a romantic comedy, Will You Marry Me?, with Rajeev Khandelwal and Shreyas (Talpade). It is a very young film based on wedding destinations,\" she says.Up next, she has a dark comedy, Oh God Saare Fraud, lined up with Shreyas in which she plays an undercover cop. \"Comedy seems to be the flavour of the season and I have already tried my hand at the genre in All The Best,\" she signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11658370", "title": "Marathi schools stage protest", "text": "NASHIK: Marathi medium schools staged a silent protest opposite the district collectorate on Thursday against the government's decision not to allow opening up of more schools and also demanding autonomy.After the flag hoisting ceremony on Republic Day at Hutatma Smarak, freedom fighter Vasant Hudlikar, read out a public notice demanding autonomy for Marathi schools.Students, parents and teachers of Anand Niketan School, Nashik; Gurukul, Shinde, Nashik; Grace Academy, volunteers of Samajvadi Adhyapak Sabha and Chhatrabharati, formed a human chain for an hour and also carried out a signature campaign.\"We had around 500 signatures in two hours and the signature campaign will continue till January 30 with students, parents and volunteers' participation,\" said Arun Thakur, the convenor of Shikshan Haqq Samanvya Samiti.The volunteers said that this was just first of the many protests this year and that with every following protest the intensity would increase.In 2005, the state government banned opening of any more Marathi medium schools. The government claimed there were already too many in number, said Thakur.\"We have been protesting since a year and in the last meeting with the state education minister on April 6, 2011, he accepted our demands and assured us of a positive step in that direction. But in reality, the government began to take action against Marathi schools started after 2005, by slapping fines worth lakhs of rupees and also threatening the school authorities of filing offences against them,\" alleged Thakur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11658191", "title": "Migrant labourer held for sexual abuse attempt", "text": "KOCHI: A migrant labourer was arrested at Muvattupuzha on Thursday for attempting to sexually abuse a 10-year-old girl. The accused was identified as Mohammed Shafiq (40) of West Bengal.Police said the accused was staying in a rented building at Kavumkara near Muvattupuzha. He allegedly tried to sexually abuse the girl when her parents were away on work. The girl and her family members also hail from West Bengal.Though the accused tried to escape when the girl cried out loudly, he was caught by the local people and handed over to the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "11658802", "title": "India-Pak committee meets jail inmates", "text": "AMRITSAR: India-Pakistan Joint Judicial Committee on Prisoners visited Amritsar central security jail on Friday to meet Pakistani inmates and discuss the ways and means to expedite their repatriation.The committee comprising A S Gill, M A Khan, both retired judges from India; and Naseer Alam Jahid and Mian Mohammad Ajmal from Pakistan had earlier visited Delhi and Jaipur jails.According to their report, there were 46, 98 and 45 Pakistani nationals lodged in Delhi, Jaipur and Amritsar jails respectively. The committee members met them and facilitated them to talk to their relatives in Pakistan over phone.The committee members were of the view that prisoners of the two countries should be provided legal aid within three months of their arrest, and repatriated within one month after completion of their jail terms.The other recommendations of the committee included providing immediate legal aid to prisoners who were yet to receive it, considering cases of women, children, aged prisoners, and those suffering from chronic diseases. The committee also recommended that the boats of fishermen which are often confiscated be returned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11659012", "title": "Congress high command steps in after seat war", "text": "MUMBAI: The Congress high command has decided to step in following factionalism over distribution of tickets for the February 16 civic elections. The All India Congress Committee (AICC) will send party leader and Union minister Bharat Singh Solanki to oversee candidate selection.Solanki will participate in a parliamentary board meeting on Saturday to shortlist candidates. The AICC's move comes following complaints of factionalism over ticket distribution. Factions owing allegiance to leaders Gurudas Kamat , Kripashankar Singh, Murli Deora and Eknath Gaikwad are at loggerheads over seat allotment.Unrest among party workers has grown after the move by some elected representatives, including Members of Parliament and legislators, to field their family members and relatives as candidates . At least seven legislators-Madhu Chavan (Byculla), Jagannath Shetty (Sion Koliwada), Rajhans Singh (Dindoshi ), Aslam Sheikh (Malad), Ramesh Singh Thakur (Kandivli), Kalidas Kolambkar (Wadala) and Chandrakant Handore (Chembur)-have sought tickets for their kin. MPs Gaikwad and Sanjay Nirupam are vying for tickets for their associates . Samadhan Sarvankar, son of party leader Sada Sarwankar, is also in the race for a ticket.At Saturday's meeting, the party could decide whether to offer tickets to the kin of elected representatives. Many corporators, who have been forced to sit out due to reservation of wards, are also demanding tickets for their close ones.Congress spokesperson Sachin Sawant said the interviews of candidates had been completed. Observers appointed for various areas were expected to submit their reports on shortlisted candidates by Friday evening.Congress and NCP leaders met on Friday to discuss the possibility of an exchange of seats in Kurla (wards 152 and 156). A similar interchange decided previously in Mulund (wards 99 and 102) is also being revisited. Sources said the NCP is pushing for another interchange for two seats in South Mumbai. Leaders are also expected to discuss a draft of the poll manifesto. Rahul may address rally at MMRDA groundsThe Congress plans to sound the poll bugle by requesting party general secretary Rahul Gandhi to address a massive rally in Mumbai, after its historic tie-up with the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP). The state unit has written to Gandhi, urging him to campaign for the civic elections and has booked the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA) grounds for February 7 and 8 for the rally.Wife is only applicant in Cong MLA's areaLegislator Chandrakant Handore's wife Sangeeta is the only candidate who has applied for a Congress ticket from ward 148 (Chembur), reserved for women. Eyebrows are being raised over the inability to find other candidates. The party has found only one candidate each in two other wards reserved for women. Corporator Naresh Mane's daughter-inlaw Ganga is the only applicant from ward 176 (Dharavi) and Karencekia D'Mello from ward 96 in Bandra (W). TNN", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11658296", "title": "Nigerian students' issue: CM orders probe", "text": "KOCHI: Chief minister Oommen Chandy on Thursday directed Ernakulam district collector to conduct an inquiry into the issue in which strife broke out between Nigerian students and residents of an apartment at Thrikkarara in the city.While the residents lodged a complaint before the police alleging that the Nigerians were exhibiting nudity from the balcony of the apartment where lot of local people were staying with their family members, the Nigerian students complained that they were \"racially discriminated\" by the locals.The chief minister said that the collector had been directed to look into issue in detail as it was a sensitive issue involving foreigners. The Nigerians students from Niger Delta had come to the city for training at a private institution called Euro Tech Maritime Academy under the sponsorship of Government of Nigeria.The Nigerians, in their complaint, had alleged that \"a few anti-socials at the apartment are threatening us with dire consequences. They are calling us Negroes and Blacks.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11657913", "title": "HC Nod for dance night in village subject to conditions", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras High Court on Friday has directed the authorities to permit the villagers to conduct a cultural programme in connection with the festival of Pommaasilingam Temple at Idaiyathur village in Pudukottai district.M Murugesan, one of the organisers of the festival said the villagers have decided to conduct the Kumbabishekam to Sri Pommasilingam Temple on January 30. On the said night, the organising committee has decided to conduct a cultural programme, namely star night, to be performed by the Abinaya Dance Troop, Madurai.Though they made a representation to the tahsildar of Ponnamaravathi to grant permission for the event, he has not replied to their request till Friday.In fact, last year, the organisers were denied permission citing an incident which occurred in the area. Hence, they preferred the present petition.When the matter came up for hearing before Justice K K Sasidharan, it was submitted by the counsel for government side that permission could be granted for the conduct of the event.Following an earlier order by the high court dated August 9, 2011, the judge directed the authorities to permit the villagers to conduct 'Star Night Dance' programme on January 30 in connection with the village festival, subject to conditions.Disposing the petition, the judge said there should not be any obscene or vulgar dance during the programme by any one of the participants or others. The cultural events should be restricted between 9pm and 12 midnight on January 30.He said that if there is any violation of the conditions, the tahsildar is entitled take necessary action as per law and stop such performance.The tahsildar was also directed to depute sufficient number of policemen to maintain law and order during the time of the festival and cultural events.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11661105", "title": "On Saraswati puja celebs walk down the memory lane", "text": "First smoke and first love. anjali and bhog. watching films and getting caught. Saraswati puja - Bangalir valentine's day - is as much about the devi as it is about the divas and dudes. celebs walk down memory lane with TOISoham, actorPara puja first Imet my fiance, Tanaya, on Saraswati Puja. And I proposed to her the next year on the same day. For the past 15 years, three of my close friends and I have been organizing the puja in a big way in our neighbourhood. Earlier, we would be involved in the nitty-gritty, from pandal-making to preparing the bhog. Once we even chased a purohit, who left the puja half-way, as he had many other puja commitments! The best part about Saraswati Puja is that most girls on the street resemble the devi. It's such a pretty sight. I love being involved in my para puja. If there's an outdoor shoot, nothing can be done, but I try my best not to keep work on the day. It has to be only for celebrations.Raj Chakrabarty, directorMy first smoke I had my first cigarette hidden behind a Saraswati Puja pandal, some 25 years back. The idea behind doing an elaborate para puja was to impress the neighbourhood girls, who would come draped in basanti-coloured saris with shampooed hair neatly tied up. I would religiously serve them generous amounts of khichudi, apart from aloor chop and a soft drink each. Seeing them feast on the bhog was such a treat to the eyes! Yes, attempts were made to spell those three charmed words (read, I love you) quite a number of times to quite a few girls, but all in vain. The best part about Saraswati Puja is that for Bengalis, it's a universal free-mixing day. During my childhood, no one snubbed me on stepping out on that day without informing the elders. Though I miss those days, Saraswati Puja is still celebrated in a big way by my friends and family. I have a puja in my office, where my unit gathers for lunch. Like trained cooks, we make our own khichudi. It's fun unlimited.Sidhu, singerLove doctor The best memories of Saraswati Puja are from college. I was a student of Calcutta National Medical College and the girls' hostel was within the campus. But throughout the year the gates would remain shut on us. There was a strict security guard and the girls too were not too willing to let us in. It was only on the day of Saraswati Puja that we would be given the permission to enter the hostel. We were more than willing to know which girl lived in which room and being the perfect hosts, they would cook stuff for us. What's more, Lady Brabourne College was next to the campus and we would have non-stop adda with the girls all day. For the past three years, I have been busy judging school pujas. This year, Surajit and I will be judging pujas on college campuses. Apart from the idol and pandal, another parameter is the ambience. For me, that's synonymous with how girls and guys come together for the puja.Anindya, singerDay to do or die The girls with whom I shared the same bench in coaching classes, would suddenly become dignified women on Saraswati Puja. In dhuti-panjabi, the boys too would turn into men. There was always the license to mingle with those from the opposite sex. For one day, it would not attract the wrath of elders. When I was in Scottish Church College, I would look forward to making some female friends on that day. The common perception was: 'This is the day. Do or die'. I would also go out with those special friends on that day, taking rounds of para pujas. Now, when I see youngsters doing the same, I stand on my balcony and curse my fate. This year, I'm planning to take my son, Juju, out for anjali. Visiting quite a few friends' places is also on the cards.Shiboprosad Mukherjee, directorBrahmachari? never! I was a student of Baranagar Ramakrishna Mission. There was a girls' institution nearby - Rajkumari School. Many of the girls would come down on Saraswati Puja to our school. My mom, who always wanted her son to be a brahmachari, got a rude shock when I held many a hand while distributing flowers for anjali. I remember the Maharaj telling me, \"Tomar mon khub chanchal, tomar sanyasi howa hobena.\" Whenever I saw a girl in a sari walking past me, I would start imagining her as my bride. These days, I feel so envious when I see young girls and guys walking down the street, engrossed in each other. I desperately want to go back to my school days, but that's not to be. But the puja still has a special place in my heart. I still don't have plums before the puja.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11658660", "title": "Basant Panchami celebrated", "text": "Basant Panchmi was celebrated by pre-primary section of AKSIPS-45. The students came dressed in yellow clothes and brought yellow flowers, especially for the occasion. The students also enjoyed kite flying and burst yellow balloons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11658888", "title": "Augmented Reality app to bring alive print content TOI just got IntARactive", "text": "The technology in our hands-whether cell phone or tablet-has changed the way we consume information and enjoy our entertainment . But more than anything else, it has made content fluid; seamlessly integrating various media to create a single all-encompassing experience. You can begin reading a news story on your slate, and then tap on the accompanying picture (actually a video in disguise) to watch how the event unfolded . And then, you can also annotate the piece with your own comments before you forward it to your friends.Or you could scan a QR code-those black and white squares-in newspaper ads and on posters to receive discount coupons on your phone that can be redeemed at the mall.Making this possible is a mishmash of technologies, including the digital camera on your phone, global positioning service (GPS), high-speed 3G networks, complex algorithms and rich web-based multimedia content.Today, for instance, you can use your cellphone camera to click pictures of many of the advertisements in TOI to access a magical world of interactive web content, including exclusive videos. Capture the image of the Agneepath ad and you will be pleasantly surprised to find Katrina Kaif gyrating to Chikni Chameli on your screen. Besides, the technology will also collate information such as the official trailer of the movie from YouTube; cast, crew and synopsis of the flick; official Facebook page; and even movie timings, all culled from the web.Of course, to access this magic-depending on the phone you use, whether Symbian- or Android-based , iPhone, Windows or Black-Berry-you will have to download the necessary app from http:// toi.intaract.mobi or SMS TOIAR to 58888.To know which of the advertisements in today's TOI carry interactive content, look for the Times IntARact logo below the ads.Using the smart app, smartphone users will also get to know the various points of interest around their location (like restaurants , theatres, museums, galleries, etc) by simply shooting a photo of their immediate surroundings.And yes, the software reads QR codes too, whether it is on products, books, advertisements and even packaging.Moving forward, Times IntARact will find greater integration in news stories that the Times of India carries. Watch this space.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11658148", "title": "SCRIPTing social sensitivity", "text": "KOCHI: Hardly a year old, SCRIPT (Social and Corporate Responsibility International Promotional Theatre) has become a much awaited short film festival in Kochi. The two-day festival which started on Friday at Fine Arts Hall Kochi has attracted a lot of short film enthusiasts.SCRIPT, a concept envisaged by the Rotary Club of Cochin Metropolis and launched in 2011, is an annual competition open to film makers from across the globe. It seeks to recognize outstanding short films that deal with globally relevant social issues, thereby drawing world attention to these issues.The festival used to be a promotional showcase of corporate social responsibility (CSR) films executed by the corporate houses. But it has changed now. More than 450 short films from all over the world will be screened this time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11656446", "title": "Naroda Patia case accused seeks examination of 24 persons", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The accused in the Naroda Patia massacre case have sought examination of 24 persons, the witnesses mentioned in the chargesheet but later dropped during questioning by SIT.The accused persons want these 24 persons to be examined as court witnesses. They include senior counsel Mukul Sinha's wife Nirjhari, former state home minister Gordhan Zadaphia, retired IPS officer M K Tandon, and advocate Amrish Patel. The accused also requested the court to examine those witnesses, who were not brought to witness-box by SIT because they retracted their statements made in 2002 while giving testimony before SIT in 2008.Special judge Jyotsna Yagnik heard the request and kept her order reserved till next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11658365", "title": "BSP MLA asked to submit asset details by February 1", "text": "LUCKNOW: As many as 18 nominations were filed in Lucknow for the fourth phase of UP assembly poll on Friday, taking the total number of candidates to 23 for nine assembly segments in Lucknow. The list included two sitting MLAs, Bahujan Samaj Party's Siddharth Shankar of Malihabad and Shyam Kishore Shukla who had won the Lucknow West seat on a Congress ticket.However, returning officer served a notice to Siddharth Shankar and asked him to submit his assets details by February 1, else his nomination would be cancelled.Seven independent candidates also filed their nominations. Satya Pal, Jagdish Prasad Gautam and Inder Mohan Singh, filed their papers along with Manish Kumar Singh of Rashtriya Janwadi Party for the Bakshi ka Talab assembly segment. Two others - Haroon Mohammad and Abdul Abir Khan - have decided to contest with sitting MLA Shyam Kishore Shukla at Lucknow West seat.Samajwadi Party's Suresh Chauhan and Bahujan Samaj Party's Navin Chandra Dwivedi also filed their papers for the Lucknow cantonment seat. Interestingly, SP candidate's name created a bit of confusion at the collectorate as 'Suresh' is usually a male name. What give officials a good laugh over the coincidence that another SP candidate from Sarojini Nagar had a name usually associated with women. This candidate was Sharda Pratap Shukla.It may be noted that Shukla has been a two time MLA. He was first selected as an independent candidate in 1984. When elections took place in 1989, he contested on Janta Dal's ticket and won once again. Two independent candidates, namely Manoj Singh and Subhash Yadav, also filed their papers for the Sarojini Nagar seat.Three nominations were filed for the Lucknow East seat as well. These include Congress party's candidate Ramesh Srivastava, party's Rafiq Ahmed and independent candidate Sanjay Masiwal. While no nominations were filed for the Lucknow Central, only one candidate each represented Lucknow North -- Rameshwar Prasad Lodhi of Jan Kranti Party and Ramesh Chandra Chowdhury of Soshit Samaj Dal filing papers for Mohanlalganj.Proceedings at the collectorate came to a halt following tiff between supporters of Sharda Pratap Shukla and police deployed when the latter tried to stop them from entering the nomination hall. Incidentally, BSP candidate Navin Chandra Dwivedi came for filing his nomination along with scores of supporters which added to chaos. Additional district magistrate (executive) OP Arya and city magistrate SP Shahi intervened to ease out the confusion.Nominations would continue on Saturday as well and UP Congress president Rita Bahuguna Joshi has sought permission to file her papers for the Lucknow Cantonment seat. Sources said that BSP minister Nakul Dubey is also expected to file the papers.UP Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11658914", "title": "New crop insurance upsets farmers", "text": "COIMBATORE: The state government's weather-based crop insurance scheme has caused discontent among farmers who are unhappy that the scheme has included only a few crops while leaving out main crops.The insurance scheme includes crops like paddy, groundnut, maize, black gram, cotton, chillies, tomato, onion, tapioca and turmeric besides certain pulses and millets, P Kandasamy, secretary of Vivasaayi Sangam, told TOI. However, these are not the major crops cultivated in this part of the state. Most farmers are cultivating bananas, turmeric, areca nut and coconut, which are part of the insurance scheme launched for the district of Coimbatore and Tirupur. Besides, the insurance scheme does not focus on the damages caused to individual farmers. Under the scheme, weather reports are collected and damages assessed for the region. Based on this, the company pays insurance. However, it is necessary that the climate be similar in all the regions assessed. Variations are not taken into account.Kandasamy said officials have been citing cases in which crops were affected in a large way and farmers were compensated. But this cannot be applied in areas like Coimbatore, he said.Representing the case to collector M Karunagaran, Valakparai Balu, president of Vivasaayi Sangam, said people have lost at least Rs 5 crore in the last year as banana, turmeric and areca nut were damaged. So far, affected farmers were paid under the insurance scheme if the region was affected. However, individual farmers who were affected just a few metres outside the specific region were forced to run from pillar to post to get their insurance cover. Under the scheme, farmers paid an insurance of about Rs 5,000 per acre of land per year. When it came to get the insurance cover the companies cite some reason and refuse to pay up, he said.Under the new scheme the coverage parameters are excess. The farmers have to pay an insurance premium ranging from Rs 775 to Rs 1763 per acre depending on the crop. The district administration should consider including all the crops and do the necessary to help the farmers, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11656634", "title": "Five wild asses drown in Narmada canal", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The worst fears of conservationists over the under-construction Narmada branch canal meant to carry water to Kutch district came true on Friday when five wild asses drowned in the Little Rann of Kutch after getting stuck in water under a bridge being constructed across the canal. The incident happened near the famous wild ass sanctuary in Surendranagar district, which is the only location in India where wild asses are still found. A herd of 17 wild asses fell into a slushy cavity while trying to cross under the bridge and only a dozen of them struggled back to firm ground.Officials said that the remaining 12 were rescued in an operation that continued till late in the evening. Earth moving machines were used to dump mud into the death trap to help pave a way for the animals which got stuck. The incident took place in Haripar village in Dhrangadhara taluka, just five kilometers off the sanctuary.Forest officials were alerted early in the morning by villagers who saw the herd stuck under the bridge. District forest officer AM Chaudhari said the dead animals were still floating in the water.The National Wildlife Board (NWB) had in 2008 given conditional approval to the canal which passes through 11 km area of the sanctuary. Officials said there were several doubts raised over the safety of the shy and sensitive animal. The Supreme Court had in 2009 upheld the decision of the NWB.The canal construction was inaugurated by chief minister Narendra Modi in April last year after assurances by the Gujarat government in the Supreme Court that it would not pose any danger to the endangered species. Only around 4,000 wild asses survive in this desert habitat spread over 5,000 sq. km. The Indian wild ass (Equus hemionus khur), is known locally as the ghudkhar.The only other two subspecies of wild asses live in the high arid plateaus of Tibet , making Gujarat the most accessible place to see wild asses in their natural environs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11656764", "title": "Tourism industry protests poll circular", "text": "PANAJI: Hit hard by the circular issued by poll authorities restricting their timing, the tourism industry has struck back and pressed the officials concerned to do a re-think on the same.The circular stipulates that all hotels, restaurants and eateries should be shut by 11pm from January 25 and from 10pm from February 6 to March 6.Members of the travel and tourism association of Goa (TTAG), beach shack owners, and proprietors of small restaurants and eateries met chief electoral officer S Kumaraswamy, chief secretary Sanjay Srivastava, both district collectors and excise commissioner P S Reddy on Friday.\"We told the authorities concerned not to close eateries. Closing of restaurants is unwarranted. We cannot deprive tourists of food,\" travel and tourism association of Goa president Gaurish Dhond told TOI later.The delegation assured government authorities that no liquor will be served by any establishment after 11pm. \"They were sympathetic to our petition and said they would discuss the matter before taking a review of their decision,\" Dhond added.Shack owners welfare society general secretary John Lobo said beach tourism is set to take a severe beating if the circular is implemented.\"We have asked that we should be allowed to serve food at least till 1am,\" Lobo said. Barnabe Sapeco, Goa chamber of commerce and industry's tourism committee member, termed the circular as \"unrealistic\".\"It will severely affect the tourism sector and will encourage illegal food stalls to do business. These illegal stalls do not generate revenue to the government. People's lifestyles have changed. A realistic view must be adopted so that people don't suffer,\" Sapeco said.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11661272", "title": "Party time in Chennai over long weekend", "text": "The party brigade of the city is all set to unwind in style as Chennai wakes up to yet another weeekend.Several youngsters have actually gone ahead and planned out a lovely getaway, thanks to the successive holidays. But for those of us who are going to be spending these leisurely days in the city, the options are far from limited. And the watering holes here have ensured that there's not going to be one dry glass in the house. The ladies latched onto their appletinis and the boys got hold of their aperitif as the night kicked into top gear. With great music and company to keep the spirits up, this party was the place to be. The partygoers were in an upbeat mood as well, with so many gigs to talk about and the Oscar race also heating up, with folks placing bets on their favourites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11658166", "title": "3 held in Chennai for \u2018cheating\u2019 businessman", "text": "MUMBAI: Three members of a Chennai family comprising a mother, son and daughter, have been arrested on charges of cheating a Boisar-based businessman to the tune of Rs 1.30 crore. The main accused and servant are absconding.The victim Uday Patil , who runs a business venture Boisar Uday Structures, was approached by M Palamchami a Chennai resident, to take up distributorship of herbal products and health drinks in February 2008.Patil paid Rs 1.30 crore to Palamchami, who claimed to be running a family business in Chennai along with wife Parmeshwari son Balaji Prakash and daughter Padmavati .When Patil realized that Palamchami was not honouring the terms of the contract, he lodged a complaint with the police on December 14, 2011. The case was handed over to the economic offences wing of the Thane rural police. The police went to Chennai and arrested Parmeshwari, Prakash and Padmavati. Palamchami and his driver Ravi Narayanare absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11657665", "title": "14 yrs on, insurance firm to pay Rs 2L", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra State Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission on Wednesday ordered an insurance company to pay Rs 2.10 lakh to a woman from Sion, fourteen years after she underwent knee replacement surgery but was denied her claim.United India Insurance Co Ltd will pay Manjula Katakia and her husband Jaswantrai Katakia the assured amount of Rs 95,000 and an interest of Rs 1.15 lakh (9% interest from July 1998). Observing that the district forum erred in dismissing the complaint, the commission said, \"Without going into the merit, the forum dismissed the complaint of the appellant (Katakias) though the insurance company rendered deficiency in repudiating the claim of the appellant.\"Jaswantrai had subscribed to two mediclaim policies, one amounting to Rs 85,000 for himself and the other Rs 95,000 for Manjula. The policies were valid from June 1998 to June 1999. Manjula underwent knee replacement surgery and filed a claim for reimbursement of hospital expenses amounting to Rs 1.24 lakh. The insurance company, however, repudiated the claim on the grounds that her joint pain was a pre-existing ailment and came under the exclusion clause of the policy. Aggrieved with the repudiation, the Katakias filed a complaint with Mumbai Suburban District Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum in 1998. However in 2001, the forum dismissed the complaint. Dissatisfied with the order, the couple then filed the appeal with the state commission.The insurance company was not present in the commission.The commission observed that at the time of admission to the hospital, where Manjula underwent the knee replacement operation, it was recorded that she had been suffering pain in the right knee for five years. It further stated that before repudiating the claim, the insurance company obtained expert opinion of a doctor who is a gynaecologist. The commission said based on the expert medical opinion, the company repudiated the claim.The insurance company observed that this medical opinion was based on the discharge card of the hospital that had never treated Manjula. The commission also took into consideration the argument that the doctor was an obstetrician and gynaecologist and not an expert in the branch for which Manjula was treated.Referring to a national commission order, the state panel held that this disputed medical opinion could not be treated as a document tendered under the Consumer Protection Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11658934", "title": "Paranjpe hits trail for NCP", "text": "MUMBAI: Shiv Sena Member of Parliament Anand Paranjpe participated in programme organized by Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) leader Pappu Kalani here on Friday.The Sena-Bharatiya Janata Party combine rules the Ulhasnagar Municipal Corporation (UMC) and the NCP is trying to use Paranjpe to draw votes to overthrow it.Supporting NCP workers and district president (Ulhasnagar city) Jyoti Kalani when she filed her nomination papers at the Yatri Niwas on Friday, Paranjpe claimed that he was still with the Sena and was a sainik, but he favoured the NCP, which \"works for development\" . He said he would urge people to vote for the NCP as it only can develop the city.Paranjpe has tight police security as he sees a threat from the Sena. This was the first public function organized by the NCP that he attended after sharing the dais at a press conference with party chief Sharad Pawar recently.\"His presence will help our party attract voters for the UMC elections as he has a mass-level youth support in the Sena,\" said Pappu Kalani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11658933", "title": "Criminals snatch carbine from cops", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Police officers chasing two wanted men ended up losing their carbine to them in Ludana village of Jind district on Friday. The men they were chasing were identified as Billu and Virender Kana.Sources said police spotted the duo near Ludana village. When Billu and Kana, who were in a Tata Indigo , saw cops approaching, they allegedly started firing at them. Members of the special police staff team took their vehicle close Billu and Kana's car. Officials said one of the cops broke the window of their car and tried to grab the accused. However, they were able to snatch his carbine from him. They later reversed their car and escaped while the policeman could only watch. Their car was found abandoned near a village some kilometers away. A case under various sections of Indian Penal Code has been registered at Jind police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "seoul", "code": "11661811", "title": "LG Display posts $5.6m loss in Q4", "text": "SEOUL: LG Display Co, the world's second- largest maker of liquid-crystal displays, reported a fourth- quarter loss narrower than estimates, helped by demand for panels used in 3D televisions and mobile devices.The net loss was 6.3 billion won ($5.6 million) in the three months ended December 31, compared with a loss of 268.4 billion won a year earlier, according to a filing by the Seoul- based company today. The average of 25 analyst estimates compiled by Bloomberg was for a net loss of 83.9 billion won.The company, which supplies screens for Apple Inc, is counting on specialty products to withstand an industry slowdown caused by stagnant sales of conventional liquid-crystal-display televisions.Widening adoption of 3D TVs and surging demand for smartphones and tablet computers may help the company boost profit and take on bigger competitor Samsung Electronics Co.\"Those high-value products are making a big contribution to earnings, and the trend will continue,\" said Kang Yoon Hum, a Seoul-based analyst at NH Investment &amp; Securities Co. \"They have become defining factors that differentiate the company from competitors.\"LG Display rose 2 per cent to close at 28,550 won in Seoul , while the benchmark Kospi index gained 0.4 per cent.LCD shipments Global LCD TV shipments were probably 206 million units last year, falling short of an earlier projection of 211 million units, according to an October forecast by research company DisplaySearch.LG will probably ship a similar amount of panels in the first quarter as it did in the previous three-month period, with prices remaining stable, the company said in a statement today. While TV manufacturers' inventory restocking may boost sales, the global economic slowdown may damp demand, according to the statement.The company's parent group said January 13 it will reduce spending by 15 per cent this year, citing slowing consumer spending in the US and Europe as a risk. Samsung said today capital expenditure for its panel business this year will be 6.6 trillion won.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11661715", "title": "DoT to charge one-time fee for extra spectrum", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Telecom Commission, the highest decision making body of DoT, has decided to charge a one-time fee for extra spectrum beyond the contracted limit of 6.2 MHz, a move that may put huge financial burden on old GSM operators.According to sources, the one-time spectrum fee would be charged beyond 6.2 MHz \"from the date of allocation of spectrum\".Besides, the Commission has also decided that the government will also charge for spectrum between 4.4 MHz and 6.2 MHz on the basis of auction, after notification is made, sources added.Leading telecom operators, including Bharti , Vodafone and Idea, have been opposing this saying there was no such clause in the telecom licences under which this type of levy can be imposed.Moreover, these operators have claimed that allotment of spectrum to them was as per the policy of the day.The one-time fee was recommended by regulator Trai and the amount was computed by experts.The Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (Trai) had recommended that each MHz of additional spectrum, after the 6.2 MHz limit, held by operators should cost a one-time Rs 4,571.87 crore (all-India).According to sources, there was near unanimity in the Telecom Commission over the controversial issue of one-time fee and the pricing of extra spectrum, but the issue has been left to the government to take a final decision.Trai had also suggested that the one-time fee would vary from circle to circle and the operators would have to pay only for those circles where they hold extra spectrum.The operators, on the other hand, had supported an auction route to determine one-time fee for spectrum beyond 6.2 MHz.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "karwar", "code": "11661454", "title": "Man throws bottle at car, injures 3", "text": "KARWAR: Three persons were injured near Rangikatte in Bhatkal on Thursday night when a bike rider threw a cold drink bottle at a moving car.The injured passengers in the car are Sultana, 20, Nouphil Khalil Damoudi, 23, and Naveed Iftikar Musba, 32. Of them, Sultana who was sitting in the rear seat suffered serious injuries and was shifted to Mangalore for further treatment.According to the injured they were travelling to Bhatkal from Sagar. A motorcyclist coming in the opposite direction pelted a bottle on the car's windshield. It hit Sultana who was sitting behind.Police said a similar case was reported a few days ago on the national highway where a bottle was thrown at a lorry. Some miscreants were deliberately doing such mischief police suspect.Bhatkal police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11661368", "title": "Agneepath's special screening for Hrithik's gay fans", "text": "The film is from a time when there were no multiplexes. And so, to gauge the audience's reactions to the new rendition of Agneepath, lead actors Hrithik Roshan , Sanjay Dutt along with director Karan Malhotra and producer Karan Johar (Both Karans seen hugging each other) hit the single screen theatres in town.While Sanjay Dutt went to the single screen Chandan in Juhu, Hrithik along with the two Karans graced the G-7 theatre complex in Bandra.Hrithik also arranged a special screening for his gay fans at Ketnav in Bandra (centre). The actor who was named a gay icon held a special screening for his fans on Thursday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11658930", "title": "Farming a risky operation in India: TNAU VC", "text": "COIMBATORE: \"Farming is becoming one of the most risky operations in India as it is exposed to a variety of risks including drought, floods, cyclones, pests and diseases. Due to cyclone 'Thane' which hit Cuddalore, Villupuram and Puducherry, about 1.5 lakh hectares of rice have been lost resulting in a yield loss of around nine lakh tonnes,\" said P Murugesa Bhoopathi, vice-chancellor, Tamil Nadu Agricultural University (TNAU).TNAU in association with Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR), New Delhi, has organized a national training on 'Commodity Market Research and Value Chain Analysis' from January 23-February 1, 2012 at the varsity campus. Around 20 scientists from state agricultural universities and fisheries college participated in the training. The inaugural function was held on January 23, 2012.Bhoopathi expressed that until recently impetus was given to production-oriented agriculture in order to increase food grain production, and in the process post harvest practices, food processing or value addition were not given due attention.Whenever the monsoon fails, most of the irrigated area in the state cannot be cultivated as rivers and tube wells go dry. In spite of such risks, the Indian farmer has been able to achieve high levels of agricultural production and the country is now self-sufficient in food grains.The vice-chancellor added that post harvest losses are very high. For example 8-12% of grains and 25-35% of perishables (worth Rs. 46,000 crores/annum of fruits and vegetables) is lost.M Paramathma, director of research, TNAU in his remarks expressed that agricultural marketing has undergone a paradigm shift in India with the emergence of integrated supply chains.N Ajjan, director, Centre for Agricultural and Rural Development Studies (CARDS), TNAU, in his address stated that high-income countries add more value by processing most of their agricultural products, as compared to developing countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11658598", "title": "SMS for solar energy, then own your panels", "text": "BANGALORE: A Gujarati family landed in Basaveshwaranagar in the city early in 2011, but could not access electricity because they couldn't provide a clear identity proof. Today, this family runs a successful cricket bat making business, and they have adequate power, courtesy solar panels which cost them only Rs 1,000 and the SMS mode of solar power consumption.Solar water heating panels or solar energy panels range anywhere between Rs 10,000 and Rs 15,000, depending on the requirement and size of roof, but ThoughtWorks and Simpa Networks brought the idea of bringing solar power close to the people: deposit Rs 1,000 and then start accessing power by sending SMS through pre-paid mode. Once the consumer has used solar power equivalent to the cost of the set-up - solar panels, battery and other paraphernalia - through this pre-paid mode, the installed system belongs to the consumer. The consumer gets free power supply and pays only for the equipment.The system requires the user to send a single text message via phone to a software which generates a code. This code has to be fed into a regulator which comes along with the panels and a battery. The regulator then allows the battery to transmit only that amount of solar power which the consumer wants, for the value mentioned in the sms.\"You can avail of the power for a day or a week. If you sms for Rs 50 worth of solar power, the amount gets deducted from the paid-up currency. Once the consumer pays up Rs 10,000 or the complete amount through pre-paid mode for the system, it becomes his own,\" said Rohit Bansal, head of Social Impact Programmes, ThoughtWorks.ThoughtWorks provides the software applications, and the solar panel, battery and regulator is provided by Simpa Networks. \"Everyone faces the question of paying up a big amount to install the system, but if that can be brought down and payment made simpler through mobile phone technology, solar energy becomes a way of living,\" said Bansal. There are more than 120 such success stories in Bangalore, Peenya, Kundapur, Shimoga and Gulbarga.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11659030", "title": "CBI probing Jagan\u2019s deals with diamond traders", "text": "HYDERABAD: Even before he entered politics and his father became the chief minister, Jaganmohan Reddy had raised Rs 2 crore as unsecured loan from an investment company owned by those whose names were leaked by Julian Assange in his WikiLeaks as black money hoarders in Swiss banks.Jagan had raised Rs 2 crore as unsecured loan from Cheay Investment, a company owned by Mehta's group which also owns B Arunkumar and Company, a world renowned diamond trading company. In his March 2004 IT returns, Jagan had also declared that he had obtained an unsecured loan from Cheay Investment.Assange released a few names of Indians who stashed money in Swiss banks in his WikiLeaks in August 2011. This included B Arunkumar and Co. and Mahendra Brothers Exports Pvt. Ltd. The leaks triggered a spate of income tax raids on country's diamond giants last August. Dilip Mehta and Arun Mehta are owners of Antwerpbased Rosy Blue Diamonds which is associated with B Arunkumar and Company. They also own Film Waves which had equity in the now sacked Kochi IPL team.How a diamond merchandising company came in touch with Jagan and why they invested such a large amount without any security is a question that seems to be engaging the CBI sleuths among other things. This is especially in view of what happened in 2005. At that time a group company, Shah Mehta Holdings Pvt. Ltd. invested in Jagan's Sandur Power Company Ltd by subscribing to 40 lakh redeemable preference shares at face value of Rs 10. This was submitted in Sandur Power's annual report pertaining to the year 2005.The general body meeting held on August 29, 2005, included Shah Mehta Holdings Pvt. Ltd. name in the share holders' list. By this time Sandur Power had investors like Kealawn Technologies Pvt. Ltd., Shabari Investment and Finance Pvt. Ltd., Saraswati Power and Industries Pvt. Ltd., Sigma Oxygen Limited, Sai Surya Ware Housing Co Ltd., Excel Prosoft Limited, Nelcast Finance Limited and ZM Infotech Limited.All these companies are owned by Jagan, his wife Bharati, his close confidant N Sunil Reddy and his close relatives. Shah Mehta Holdings came out of the Sandur Power in 2006 and in their place two Mauritius companies 2i Capital and Pluri Emerging entered Jagan's company.Interestingly, Jagan's auditor Vijay Sai Reddy was appointed director nominee of 2i Capital on the board of Sandur Power in 2006. CBI sources when asked admitted that they are now investigating the link between Jagan and the black money hoarders in Switzerland but were unwilling to reveal more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11659116", "title": "What's ailing the crows? Birds drop dead, authorities don't care", "text": "KOLKATA: Have you noticed a few crow carcasses in your locality of late? Probably you have, but not given it much thought. After all, it is just a crow. The fact is that these omnipresent birds have been dropping dead in large numbers all over the city since late October and early November. There is no estimate on the number of deaths, but it is large enough to have triggered a major scare had they been chickens or even pigeons.Like the common man, the authorities are not much bothered with the sudden spurt in crow deaths either. As state animal husbandry &amp; veterinary services director Kamalakanta Saha puts it: \"Why are you bothered? How do crow deaths matter until livestock or humans are infected?\" It might not matter to him or us.But scientists like Debjani Ghosh, who was with the Indian Association for the Cultivation of Sciences and Jagdish Bose National Science Talent Search, and activists like Ajanta Dey of non-government organization Nature Environment &amp; Wildlife Society are beginning to worry about the sheer number of carcasses that they are encountering during morning walks. \"There are days when I see at least four-five dead crows at the Subhas Sarovar. Come to think of it, I have never witnessed such a phenomenon in the past,\" says Ghosh.Dey first noticed the phenomenon around Elgin Road around late November.When more crows died, she asked the local garbage collector to report the number of carcasses daily. Between December 8 and 17, the KMC conservancy department staff reported 11 carcasses.Alarmed, she contacted everyone she knew in the city by mail and urged them to enquire with their local garbage collector for at least a fortnight. But the response was tepid.\"There were only three responses. When I called a few, they acknowledged seeing a dead crow here and there but weren't concerned enough. I alerted officials of the forest department but they weren't interested either. Unless people die, there will be no action,\" she says in frustration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "11661030", "title": "7 tremors rattled Kutch, Saurashtra on January 26", "text": "RAJKOT: On a day when the state grimly remembered the killer 2001 earthquake, at least seven tremors sent shockwaves in Saurashtra and Kutch region.The tremors have continued to hit Saurashtra and Kutch region for the past few weeks and the numbers of low-intensity tremors have increased as well.According to Institute of Seismological Research (ISR) officials, at least 10 low-intensity earthquake tremors have rattled the region in the last two days.A tremor measuring 3.3 on Richter scale was reported 10 km north-west of Talaja in Junagadh district on Thursday morning. Out of total 10 tremors, eight were reported in Kutch region.ISR officials said that since January 1, 152 tremors have occurred in the state, mostly in Saurashtra and Kutch region.Moreover, in the month of January, there were number of tremors with a magnitude of more than 3.Five such tremors were reported in the region since January 1, which had magnitude on Richter scale measured between 3 and 3.5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11658387", "title": "Cops arrest slain rowdy\u2019s brother, foil revenge plot", "text": "CHENNAI: The Chennai police arrested a murdered rowdy's brother who was allegedly plotting to take revenge on his brother's killers.Sathya alias Sathyamoorthy, 25, brother of Karthik, who had been hacked to death in Kotturpuram last Monday, was arrested in Kumaran Nagar police limits.Police sources said Karthik, who was accused in the murder of rival gang leader Murali of MGR Nagar and had been released on bail 10 days ago, was killed in Kotturpuram. Investigators believe that Karthik was killed by Murali's gang in retaliation for the murder. \"Murali's gang had attempted to murder Karthik's brother Sathya a year ago,\" a police officer said. \"To avenge the attempt on Sathya's life, Karthik murdered Murali.\"Karthik was arrested and remanded to judicial custody before being released on bail. After he was killed by Murali's gang, officers held two men in connection with the murder. An inspector was suspended as he had allegedly failed to take action after the intelligence wing warned of a threat to Karthik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11662041", "title": "Leopard mauls two in city", "text": "GUWAHATI: Two persons were seriously injured when a leopard attacked them at Lalung village in the Lokhra area on Friday. This is the fourth incident of big cat attack in the city within a span of one month.Forest department officials tranquilized the animal, a female, after locals trapped it inside a room. \"The animal must have strayed out of Fatashil or Garbhnga hill,\" said a forest official.The leopard entered the house of Mafiz Ali (23) at 7.30 am and injured him in the head. Then it attacked a pregnant woman, Aklima Bibi (21), in a nearby house. Her husband was also inujred when he tried to save his wife. Ali and Bibi, who were admitted to Gauhati Medical College Hospital, are out of danger.\"We reached the spot after getting information. At present, the leopard is at the Assam State Zoo. Soon, we will take a decision on shifting the animal,\" said Utpal Bora, divisional forest officer of Assam State Zoo. He added, \"We have noticed here that leopards come down from the hills to the city either late in the evening or early in the morning probably in search of food. There is also a possibility that the female leopard is the mother of the sub-adult leopard that was spotted in the same area on Wednesday.\"On Wednesday, another leopard entered a godown near a private school in the same area though it did not attack anyone. The animal was successfully tranquilized and sent to the Assam State Zoo. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11658344", "title": "Demand for IT park in city", "text": "NASHIK: Nashik District Exporters' Association (NDEA) has demanded the construction of a special IT park in the city for the companies engaged in IT-enabled services (ITES). The NDEA is also planning to send a delegation to meet the Chief Minister of Maharashtra, Prithviraj Chavan, after the code of conduct for civic polls concludes, to discuss the issue.\"We have decided to push forth our demand for an IT park in the city. The industrialists of Nashik had taken an initiative in this regard around eleven or twelve years ago, but it could not materialize. Now, we have decided to meet the Maharashtra CM and urge him to set up the park in the city,\" Ramesh Pawar, President, NDEA, told ToI.\"There are around 300 small scale industrial units in the city, engaged in IT-enabled services. They currently function within flats. The units are operational under various categories including engineering drawings, language translation, website maintenance, accounts and data- feeding,\" Pawar added. \"The manpower required for these companies is easily available in the city. Besides, industrial areas are around 10 to 12 kms away from the city and it is inconvenient to travel there regularly as it takes an hour due to traffic, on the route towards Ambad and Satpur industrial areas. Even large non-voice business process outsourcing (BPO) companies like Datamatics Technologies Ltd and WNS Global Services have also set up their units in the city,\" Pawar said.\"There are several pieces of land owned by the central and the state government in the city. The park can be built on any one of those tracts,\" he concluded.The government had set up an IT park in the Ambad area of MIDC, but it has been lying idle for want of business.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11658317", "title": "Ramesh, Tewari have a close shave", "text": "LUCKNOW: A chartered aircraft carrying senior Congress leaders, Jairam Ramesh and Pramod Tewari, reportedly had a close shave when it escaped a collision with another aircraft of Saudia Airlines at Amausi airport late on Friday evening.According to reports, the chartered aircraft with top Congress leaders coming from Allahabad and was about to touch down at Amausi when it took a sudden elevation as it had come close to a waiting Saudia Airlines aircraft which was about to take off at around 9.50 pm. Airport director Atul Dikshit, however, brushed aside it as a ``routine exercise of asking a landing aircraft to take a round about in case the lined up flight is being delayed because of some reason''. Congress leaders, however, panicked over the incident with party spokesperson Dwijendra Tripathi saying that the incident was 'unfortunate'. ``It should not happen with anyone,'' he said.Tripathi said that they would be demanding an inquiry into the incident. It was only a month ago that Rashtriya Lok Dal (RLD) chief Ajit Singh had taken oath as Union civil aviation minister after he entered into an alliance with the Congress before UP assembly polls.Reports said the chartered flight was carrying Jairam Ramesh, Pramod Tewari, Raj Babbar and Rajiv Shukla from Allahabad where they had gone for releasing the party's vision document. The flight first went to Agra where Raj Babbar and Rajiv Shukla got off. It arrived Lucknow late on Friday evening. It was around 9.50 that the flight was about to land after the air traffic control (ATC) gave the clearance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11658458", "title": "Seven-year-old boy's condition still critical", "text": "PUNE: There was a special assembly prayer at the J N Petit Technical High School, Bund Garden Road, on Friday for the speedy recovery of its seven-year-old student Rishi Khandelwal, who sustained injuries after the ST bus knocked down the bike on which he was riding pillion with his father on Wednesday.A student of standard I, Rishi is in a critical condition at the pediatric intensive care unit (PICU) of the Jehangir Hospital.Rishi's father Pinkesh Khandelwal, who was on the way to drop his son to school, was killed on the spot.Rishi, a resident of Maharshinagar, was initially admitted to Sassoon hospital from where he was shifted to Jehangir Hospital on Thursday.Neurosurgeon Prashant Khandelwal, who is attending to Rishi, told TOI that Rishi's condition was still critical and was yet to stabilized. He underwent two surgeries, one on the brain and another on his right hand.\"We need another 48 hours to confirm his progress. He is still not out of danger. However, he is maintaining his blood pressure and opening his eyes,'' said Khandelwal.Paresh Khandelwal, Rishi's uncle who was at the Jehangir hospital, said, \"Rishi's father would drop him to school everyday while his younger sister would take the autorickshaw. On the ill fated day, one of the officials at Sassoon hospital contacted us after they saw Rishi's identity card.\"Archana Kalra, principal of J N Petit Technical High School, said, \"All the staff and my students are praying for Rishi. He is a small child and victim of a painful incident. It has come as a shock to us. Today morning we held a special assembly prayer for Rishi.''Rishi's cousin brother, a standard VI student, also studies in the same school, Kalra said adding, \"We got a call on Wednesday from Sassoon hospital and the police about the accident. We confirmed his age and standard with them. They got the school's contact number from Rishi's school ID. We have made it compulsory for the students to wear their ID card. The administrative officer of the school visited Rishi at the hospital immediately after we got the call. Since then we have been closely following up on his health,'' she said.Rishi's class teacher Nafisa Khan said, Rishi was a well behaved boy and a good student. He was a regular to school.\"His father would drop him to school everyday. On January 24, he had come up with an excellent chart on the theme for Republic Day. I have put it up on the main notice board. I visited him at the hospital.We are all praying for his recovery and have extended our support to his family.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11661505", "title": "Turbocharge your shaving kit", "text": "Shaving cream and a razor are just a start. To take your personal grooming to the next level, equip your dopp bag with these tools .The humble Dopp kit -- named after its early 20th century inventor, leather craftsman Charles Doppelt -- has come a long way since it was a standard-issue razor-and-toothbrush carrier for WWII GIs. Just as modern man's grooming needs have evolved to include more than a bar of soap and bucket of warm water, so have the innards of his Dopp kit.Think of it as your personal arsenal of grooming weapons -- whether you're headed off on a relief mission or simply prepping for another war at the office. Here's everything you need:1. Face washPut down the bar of soap and step away from the sink. Seriously. Now. Soap is drying and irritating. The trick here is to dissolve dirt and clean skin without stripping away all the oil, which can actually cause your skin to overcompensate by producing excess oil. And remember, when it comes to your face, you don't want to over-cleanse. Once a day, preferably before you shave, is enough.What to look for :If you have dry skin, select a cream-based cleanser. If your face looks like an oil spill, look for an oil-free, soap-free liquid. And if you're especially prone to breakouts, choose one that contains salicylic acid.2. Pre-shave oilThink of this as a primer for the second coat (that would be the shave cream). It softens skin and hairs to prevent razor burn and provides a super-slick surface for the razor to glide across.What to look for:Opt for natural plant-based softeners like coconut oil or olive oil, instead of petroleum-based products, which can clog pores.3. Sensitive skin shave creamEven if you don't think you have sensitive skin, choosing a \"sensitive skin\" cream, gel or foam can help protect against redness and irritation.What to look for:Opt for one that contains aloe, glycerin and mineral oil -- key ingredients that soften and soothe.4. Shaving brushThis old-school tool is making a major comeback thanks to properly educated barbers and sophisticated consumers. It doesn't just feel good on your skin, it's backed by actual science: The gentle action of the bristles exfoliates skin and removes dead skin cells, then fluffs up your whiskers so they're standing straight up for a closer shave.What to look for:Select one made out of badger hair -- it's more expensive than boar but is higher-quality and softer on your face. (Plus, it will last a lifetime.)5. RazorIf you're still using the cheap disposable kind or one with too few blades, it's time for a major upgrade.What to look for:Research has actually demonstrated the benefits of multiple-blade razors. The basic science is that the first blade engages the hair and pulls it out of the follicle so that the subsequent blades can cut the hair further down the shaft. Translation: a closer, smoother shave with less risk of nicks and cuts.6. Styptic pencilThis short, medicated stick is a blast from the past that helps stop bleeding fast if you get a nick or cut. It stings but it works.What to look for :Aluminum sulfate in the ingredient list7. AftershaveUse an aftershave gel or balm to calm the skin and reduce irritation.What to look for:Skip alcohol-based products, which can cause irritation and dryness. Instead, choose one that contains aloe and vitamin E -- Mother Nature's original soothing and healing agents.8. Electric nose and ear hair trimmerYou don't need two separate tools -- one will do.What to look for :Look for an electric rotary version : It uses a rotary blade system that cuts in a circular motion to trim along the inside of the walls without getting too close. Other key features to look for are a built-in LED light (to help guide you in those dark cavities) and an integrated vacuum system (to collect hair as it trims).9. MoisturiserContrary to every TV ad, face cream isn't just about preventing wrinkles and fine lines: It helps keep your skin hydrated, protects against sun and wind, and can even promote skin cell regeneration.What to look for :If your skin is dry, look for ingredients like shea butter and aloe. If you're prone to breakouts, look for an oil-free version labeled \"noncomedogenic.\" Either way, always choose one that contains sunscreen. (The American Academy of Dermatology recently upgraded its minimum SPF recommendation from 15 to 30.)10. Eye creamThe finest, most delicate skin on your face is around your eyes. That's also the first place to show signs of aging (like puffiness, crow's feet and dark circles).What to look for :If your main objective is to reduce puffiness, pick a product that contains cucumber and caffeine (to soothe and tighten) with a roll-on application -- the simple act of rolling it on helps redistribute lymphatic buildup under the eye skin. To combat dark under-eye circles, look for a product with vitamin K -- studies have shown it can be an effective treatment because our body uses this vitamin in clotting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11662732", "title": "B-School Evaluation", "text": "A B-Schools survey reveals top MBA institutes and current placement scenario in IndiaKOLKATA: The fourth edition of Annual B-School Rankings conducted by CNBC-TV18 witnessed IIM-C maintaining its third position. The comprehensive list covered 145 B-Schools, 235 recruiters and 217 faculty members in a Data Based Quantitative Survey Perception Ratings.IIM-Ahmedabad continues to occupy the top position, making it the benchmark of MBA education in India. However, IIM-Bangalore is fast catching up with its remarkably improved performance in core areas like industry interface and international linkage.On the placement front, FMCG, Consulting, BFSI and IT accounted for 70 per cent of the total B-School recruiters. Although, this year, the average salaries at Indias top B-Schools portrayed an increase of almost 20 per cent, the lower-ranked B-Schools faced difficulties in procuring placements and also in terms of intakes and increment in salaries.The maximum package offered at IIM-A for an Indian job was Rs 37 lakh and that for a foreign placement was $ 139.64 thousand per annum. About 14 per cent of the IIM-A graduates got placements with companies abroad. IIM-A recently launched a based placement programme whereby companies with similar job profiles visit the campus collectively and at a specific time-basis batch preference.There has been a significant amelioration in the quality of research published by leading B-Schools in A-grade journals with IIM-A accounting for the majority of the contribution.Similar to last years evaluation, this year too, B-Schools have been evaluated on the basis of numerous parameters. The B-Schools on the upper end of the ladder have shown marked improvement, however, the 4000 plus B-Schools that occupy the middle to lower ranking positions have not registered any significant growth, said Premchand Palety, chief executive, C-Fore.Overall the B-schools were assessed as per their intellectual capital, placement performance, infrastructure and facilities, industry interface, international linkages and recruiters satisfaction.The fourth edition of B-School Rankings at a glance:IIM-AhmedabadIIM-BangaloreIIM-CalcuttaIIM-LucknowXLRI, JamshedpurMDI, GurgaonNITIE, MumbaiIIM-IndoreSP Jain, MumbaiIIM-KozhikodeNote: ISB, Hyderabad and SIBM, Pune had not participated in the data survey.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "11655750", "title": "IMA Gondia can register docs", "text": "GONDIA: All doctors who have done MBBS or MD have to register themselves with Maharashtra Medical Council, Mumbai and renew it after every five years. However, Gondia branch of Indian Medical Association has been authorized to register doctors.It has now been made mandatory for doctors not only to renew registration after every five years but also have to produce certificate of participating in continuing medical education (CME) camps and seminars lasting for at least 12 hours.The condition has been put so that doctors could keep pace with research and latest development in technology which is difficult especially for those who are in service. The doctors will have to get registered before February 29.President of IMA Gondia Dr Rajendra Jain has called upon doctors in the district to submit forms with two photographs, two photocopies of documents,CME certificates and registration fee of Rs 500 in its office. Doctors who have not renewed registration after 2007 will have to get it done from Mumbai though the Gondia branch would assist them.Dr Jain said, efforts would be made to organize camps or seminars for those who have not completed 12 hours of CME. A special registration camp will also be organized in the middle of February for the doctors from rural areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11661163", "title": "Always courting controversy", "text": "VADODARA: Controversy and Raopura police sub-inspector (PSI) A K Parmar go hand in hand. He was accused of a grave indiscipline earlier this month. An inquiry was initiated against Parmar after word started doing rounds that he had fired two rounds from his revolver late in the night on January 1. Parmar was accused of firing in air outside Jubileebaug Chowky.However, the inquiry carried out by Raopura police inspector B M Chaudhary and DCP (south) D S Bhatt exonerated him from the allegations. Sources said that several inquiries are on against the PSI who was transferred to the city couple of years ago. He was posted in control room for a while before being transferred to Raopura police station.Last year, Parmar had shocked everyone in police department when he gave roses to supporters of Anna Hazare who were demonstrating near Gandhinagar Gruh. After giving flowers, Parmar had said that he doesn't indulge in corruption and won't allow anyone to do corruption. Earlier, a senior cop had expressed his reservations against Parmar being posted to crime branch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11657300", "title": "Surrogacy case: RPO wants local police to probe", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Regional Passport Office here has sent details of US citizen J Pearllinda Vanburen Green's child to local police to conduct a probe and submit their report as early as possible.The RPO authorities have put on hold the child's certificate of identity as the matter is being examined by the ministry of external affairs (MEA), Delhi. On January 25 evening, she left the child at RPO office as the authorities had refused to issue the certificate.\"The MEA legal experts are examining the issue. Meanwhile, we have given details along with records collected from Rama's Institute for Fertility in Ameerpet to the local police to conduct a probe. It will take at least a week to complete the process,\" regional passport officer K Srikar Reddy told TOI.\"Once, the MEA gives the green signal to issue the certificate of identity, then we will inform the US citizen,\" he replied.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11658189", "title": "Marching troops, dancing kids give young look to R-Day", "text": "LUCKNOW: The 63rd Republic Day was celebrated with usual gaiety in the state capital on Thursday. With patriotic fervor, the unfurling of the tricolour took place outside Vidhan Sabha at around 9.30 am. Various cultural programmes, and marchpasts were also a part of the celebrations.Flag hoisting ceremony was conducted at all government offices, schools, and at other places. On the day, leaders offered special prayers and sought blessings for the nation. The main function was held at Vidhan Sabha and was presided over by governor, BL Joshi.Here, the ceremonial parade began with showering of petals from a helicopter followed by the national anthem. Having a dozen contingents, the parade was led by Colonel Ashish Singh. Among the number of events, missiles and tanks were treat to the eyes. It was then followed by various contingents drawn from different armed regiments. There were also performances by the brass brands of Sikh and Agra regiments that created a patriotic atmosphere. The women contingent of PAC was headed by Gayatri Sharma.The parade also included an exhibition of two 105 MM Light Field Guns led by Subedar KK Singh Chauhan and Havaldar Ravindra Singh, and BMP 2 vehicles led by Havaldar Manoj Kumar. Adding the fervour was the UP Police contingent including 32nd battalion PAC, 35th battalion PAC (brass band), home guards contingent. NCC boys and girl contingents along with Sainik School brass band also took breath. Many schoolchildren also presented cultural items. A relay of 14 tableaus from various quarters of the society followed the parade.The major highlights were the tableaux on 'vote awareness' by chief electoral officer, 'eco-green garden' put up by information department, 'save power in national interest' by UP Power Corporation Ltd, 'educated India, developed India-Right to education' by Lucknow Public Schools and Colleges, and others. Hundred years old, `Mary Weather' owned by UP Fire Services was also an attraction.Meanwhile, all the prominent buildings in the city including the Vidhan Sabha were decorated with the national tricolour. Government and private organisations also celebrated the day with equal fanfare. An event was organised by the Sashastra Seema Bal (SSB) at Sankalp Bhawan, its office in Lucknow.At the collectorate, District Magistrate (DM) AK Sagar unfurled the tricolour in presence of employees and several officials. At Commissioner office, Divisional Commissioner Prashant Trivedi hoisted the national flag.The best parade among the schools was given to St Jospeh Inter College, while Lucknow Public School bagged the first place in cultural, drill.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11657693", "title": "Wrestlers\u2019 day out in Old City", "text": "HYDERABAD: Young lads who eagerly participated in the two-day wrestling tournament held at Barkas reflected the fondness for the sport still exists in the Old City. About 35 young boys, aged between 9 and 14, wrestled for the title of Hyderabad Bal Kesari at the event that concluded on Friday. The youngsters participated in the 35-40 kg weight category.Hailing from different parts of the Old City, the young wrestlers are the gen-next torch bearers of the sport, say the organizers. However the boys say that they are in it purely for the love of the sport.\"I love cricket and football but it is wrestling that I would like to pursue as a career,\" says 13-year-old Usama Bamas. Bamas is aware of the hardship the sport involves. \"We are made to train for three hours everyday. We are also advised to take care of diet, that essentially includes proteins, \" he says.Fourteen-year-old Abubakr bin Abdullah is another promising wrestler from Barkas. He says that wrestling is in his blood as the men in his family have been wrestlers. \"Wrestling gives a thrill that other sports do not. Though there is risk of injury, I would not want to give it up,\" says Abubakr. When asked if wrestling allows for normal schooling, Abubakr laughs it off. \"I am amongst the first five rankers in my class.\"\"At our akhada, we have about 50 children who are below the age of 14. Training has to start before the body loses its flexibility. Of the young wrestlers we have, at least 15 of them can make it big if they are given proper training,\" says Khaled Bamas, one of the organizers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11658919", "title": "Juhu candidate takes to web to spread message", "text": "MUMBAI: Traditional door-todoor campaigning is passe , with technology-focused methods taking over.Mumbai 227 citizen consensus candidate Sherley Singh (44), who will contest from ward 64 in the upscale Juhu area, launched a comprehensive website on the eve of Republic Day, so that voters get to know her better before D-day on February 16.The ward64matters.com website has her bio-data , giving a glimpse of her work in Juhu. The website allows citizens to upload videos and photographs about issues for the ward, and voters can directly address her with questions.Meanwhile, the Khar Residents' Association (KRA) organized a two-hour walkathon on Republic Day on Thursday, urging people to vote on February 16.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11656374", "title": "Global property consultants set up shop in Gujarat", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Global property consultants are making an official footprint in Gujarat. International real estate services firms are setting up offices in the state considering its progressive business environment.Ray White, one of Australia's largest real estate groups for residential, commercial and rural property, is all set to make its foray in Gujarat next month. The company plans to set up 25 offices across the state at the end of 2012.Gulshan Nayyar, master franchisor, Ray White India, said: \"Looking at the need for making available market information, we are opening three offices in Gujarat in February. As real estate is a booming market in Gujarat, we aim to open 25 franchise offices at the end of 2012.\"Los Angeles-based real estate services firm CB Richard Ellis has also opened its office in Ahmedabad last week.A report - Indian Real Estate Transparency Index 2011 - released by Jones Lang LaSalle (JLL) India rates Gujarat fourth among the top states in terms of transparency in real estate and fifth in terms of a progressive business environment. The report says that markets with higher levels of transparency benefit from reduced information asymmetry, attract foreign investment and provide adequate property rights to owners.The report further says that although international property consultants have low presence in Gujarat, they have started opening their offices counting on the promise of a brighter economic future. This should increase availability of market information in the state.Manan Choksi, regional owner of RE/MAX Gujarat and Maharashtra, said, \"At present, market information is not readily available in Gujarat due to lack of reported transactions. In other cities like Bangalore and Mumbai, the deals are reported in an organized manner due to involvement of multinational companies. The Gujarat government had introduced jantri rates to remove this discrepancy but that too had to be rolled back. RE/MAX Gujarat, which set up its first office in Gujarat two years ago, is part of US-based RE/MAX.International property consultants also help multinationals use them as the entry points into states like Gujarat. Nirav Kothary, regional director (Gujarat) of Jones Lang LaSalle India, which set up shop in Gujarat in 2009, said, \"Property markets across the country are thriving on lack of transparency. A lot of transactions take place in cash which contribute to lack of transparency. The presence of global consultants in the state will help bring in more multinational companies, which are their usual clientele.\"BOX: As per the JLL report, Gujarat is leading in efficiency in city planning and approvals process, administrative and structural reforms and urban reforms for inclusive and sustainable development. However, the state is lagging behind in availability of market information and environmental sustainability.Times Property Expo begins todayIf you are looking for property this weekend, the Times Property Expo at The Grand Bhagwati is the ideal destination. Beginning from Saturday from 10 am to 7 pm, the two-day Expo has a wide range of properties on show. Be it about availing loans to buy or renovate property, getting good deals, or being the beneficiary to impressive residential features, the Expo promises to offer the best value for your money. It is a must visit exhibition for individual and institutional investors, property buyers, asset managers, real estate fund managers, deal makers, corporate property managers and agents. Rush to The Grand Bhagwati today and tomorrow, and get the home of your choice. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11661384", "title": "Massive joint ops in western districts", "text": "RANCHI: A massive joint search operation is underway in western districts - Latehar, Palamu and Garhwa - on Friday. Search and raids are being conducted by police with help of central paramilitary forces and police team from Chhattisgarh to get constable Suresh Ram released from captivity of Maoists.According to police sources, combing operations are being carried out by Jharkhand Jaguar , CoBRA, district police and CRPF with assistance of Chhattisgarh police. IG and police spokesperson R K Mallick said during the search operations police team have recovered 32 improvised explosive devices (IED) from Laat jungles in Latehar. \"Series of landmines were recovered on the route connecting Labhar and Laat under Burwadih police station,\" he said.Maoists on January 21 had triggered a landmine blast near Bhandaria, killing 13 policemen following which they had abducted four persons. including district council chairperson Sushma Mehta, her bodyguard, driver and an associate. Maoists later released three persons but retained Ram throwing a deal with the police. Maoists have demanded immediate end to operations being conducted against them in Jharkhand and removal of police pickets from Kone, Oreya and Sarju villages of Latehar which has apparently hampered their safe movement across Chhattisgarh border.Following the abduction and while reviewing the anti-Maoist operations, CRPF director general chalked out a detailed plan with the police a couple of days ago and asked the CRPF personnel to pull up their socks for future operations. Because of the operations, Republic Day was peacefully celebrated in the region except for certain far-flung pockets from where reports of Maoists hoisting black flags were received.While the tricolour was hoisted in the government schools en route Sarju in Latehar, Maoists were successful in hoisting black flag in one of the school buildings in Janho village under Manika police station of Latehar. Mallick said that police had no information about black flags being unfurled anywhere. Sources also said that one suspected Maoist Surendra Lohra was arrested during the search and raid operations from Burwadih region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11661778", "title": "Two held with sophisticated weapons", "text": "KANPUR: Police seized four sophisticated pistols of .32 bore and arrested two persons in Naubasta on Friday.A police team came across two suspicious persons and recovered the four pistols from them after a search. Those arrested were identified as Omi Bhadauriya of Umri in Ramabai Nagar and Suresh Chandra Rajput of Kannauj. Police also recovered a two-wheeler from them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11655445", "title": "Civic body yet to issue list", "text": "NAGPUR: With just 19 days left, the NMC is yet to issue a copy of certified voters' list to candidates. On Friday, there was a mad rush of candidates outside the NMC's record section seeking certified copy of voters' list.\"Today we received 550 applications from seeking the list. It is mandatory for candidates submitting nomination forms to attach the voters' list extract having their name and name of proposer and seconder,\" said an NMC official. The department could provide copies to only 250 applicants. The officer, however, assured that by Saturday the situation would improve and candidates would be provided with the list promptly.Sitting corporator from NCP Ashok Katle, who stood in the queue for more than an hour to buy certified voters' list, expressed disappointment with NMC's arrangements. tnnHe said the civic body should have opened at least four more counters to accept applications.Another aspirant Varsha Shamkule said the absence of list would affect candidates' planning of poll campaign. The NMC move to provide voters' list on CD was of no use for many candidates as many of them were not tech savvy, she rued.Candidate from Indora Prabhag, Bobby Dahiwale was miffed that he had to shell out Rs 100 to purchase the election booklet. \"In fact, the NMC should have provided the booklet free of cost to those purchasing nomination forms,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11657382", "title": "Praful to visit Goa to decide on tickets", "text": "PANAJI: Union minister and central leader of Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) Praful Patel is likely to visit Goa on February 2 to finalize party candidates for the March 3 assembly elections, party sources said.After several rounds of meeting, the Congress has given seven seats to its alliance partner, one more than the six seats NCP contested in 2007. However, there is no confirmation which seats they are. Sources nonetheless said that five seats doing the rounds include Tivim and Vasco which are currently represented by their MLAs-tourism minister Nilkant Halarnkar and Jose Philip D'Souza respectively. The other constituencies Mapusa, Saligao and Porvorim. The sixth seat appears to be Sanguem while there is uncertainty over the seventh one. \"There's a deadlock over the seat sharing issue,\" an office bearer said.\"We are vehementally demanding Cortalim and Mandrem\", state NCP president Surendra Sirsat said. He told TOI that they have strong candidates in the two constituencies and are confident of winning there.Just two days ago, the Congress indicated that Cortalim had been allotted to them after long discussions. \"Nothing is finalized as of now. We want both Cortalim and Mandrem,\" Sirsat reiterated.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "11662068", "title": "2 CRPF jawans among three killed in rebel attacks", "text": "IMPHAL: In separate attacks by militants at different places ahead of the assembly polls on Saturday, two CRPF jawans and a woman were killed while two others sustained injuries.Militants ambushed a CRPF convoy on election duty at Konkan village in Ukhrul's Kamjong area on Thursday, killing at least two jawans and injuring one personnel. The attackers escaped with an Insas rifle from the jawans. At night, militants belonging to Zeliangrong United Front (ZUF) attacked Congress workers at Namtaolong village in Nungba constituency of Tamenglong district, killing a woman and injuring one.On Friday evening, a Congress worker's house was attacked by rebels with a grenade in Khangabok constituency. No one was injured in the explosion. A youth sustained splinter injuries when an IED went off at Thangmeiband in Imphal West in the morning that day.State chief electoral officer P C Lawmkunga on Friday said eight people, including two CRPF men, were killed and 38 others injured since the election date was announced on December 24. He added that 350 companies of central paramilitary forces have been deployed in all 2,357 polling stations across the state. A 25,00-strong contingent of state police is maintaining law and order.\"I have requested the Army and Assam Rifles for area dominance to prevent movement of militants. I don't forsee any poll-related problems. but as the state has experienced militancy for long, some small incidents cannot be ruled out,\" Lawmkunga said.The CEO said he has instructed the DGP to dominate Ukhrul and Chakpikarong areas where there are reports of the movements of NSCN (IM) militants. \"I have also asked army and Assam Rifles to flush out militants belonging to Zeliangrong United Front who are creating trouble in Khoupum area of Nungba constituency,\" he added.Since the election notification, 30 small arms and country-made pistols have been seized along with a huge cache of ammunition. \"We have also seized 43,980 litres of country-made liquour, 3800 mg of heroin and 360 SP tablets,\" said Lawmkunga. He added that Rs 1 crore and 80 thousand cash has been recovered from the supporters of some candidates.The CEO said the DGP has been asked to confine all militants under the Suspension of Operation (SOO) with the state government in their designated camps. \"We have learnt that some rebels were still out of their camps. We have arranged 167 postal ballots for these militants in 16 designated camps,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11658679", "title": "PU senate elections on Sept 23", "text": "Panjab University chancellor has fixed September 23 as date of election of 15 senate members of the varsity of the constituency of registered graduates. The schedule for last dates of receipt of application for fresh enrolment, clearing defaulter's dues and payment of annual fee of fellows has been released by PU.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11658456", "title": "Mixing them the right way", "text": "The Masterplan 2015 introduced the concept of mixed use of land, which encouraged malls, commercial complexes to come up in residential areas. It is globally accepted that mixed use of land, resulting in the location of residential and commercial properties in the same neighbourhood, creates sustainable urban areas.\"But this kind of ideal scenario can only be achieved if the mixed use of land is well designed, and if regulations limiting the extent and type of commercial use are properly enforced. And this needs to be done not only for private spaces like houses, offices and shopping centres but also for public spaces around them like roads, drains and footpaths. Without a tightly coupling environment between the two, we will have a good theory and bad practice,\" explained ABIDe member and urban expert Ashwin Mahesh.Civic expert RK Misra of the Mahadevapura Agenda Task Force said the mixed use of land leads to never-ending traffic jams and pollution in primarily residential areas. \"Unfortunately, successive governments have paid no heed to the recommendations of Dr Ravindra committee. Bangalore has been robbed of its peace and tranquillity. Areas like Koramangala, Indiranagar and Malleswaram have become unlivable due to rampant commercialization throwing up mega malls and shopping complexes,\" said Misra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11656171", "title": "AMC panel rejects road resurfacing proposal", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Both the BJP and the Congress are out to take credit for the AMC's move to send the road resurfacing proposal back to the administrative wing for reconsideration. While on the one hand, the Congress claims that the proposal is being reconsidered as the party had objected to 'improper' allocation of funds, the BJP says that it is being done as the ruling party found that the prices quoted were about 8.85 per cent higher than the allocated fund.The Gujarat Municipal Finance Board had recently allocated Rs 100 crore for road resurfacing and the AMC was given Rs 12.56 crore for the purpose.The Congress opposed the proposal, claiming that the ruling BJP had allocated a major part of the fund only for resurfacing of roads in the western part of the city. The opposition said that the proposal was rejected because of the party's objections. However, ruling party said that against the allocation of Rs 12.56 crore, the administrative wing had forwarded a proposal which was higher than the allotted fund and hence the standing committee decided to send the proposal back for reconsideration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11658762", "title": "15 chain-snatching cases solved, 2 held", "text": "PUNE: The Khadki police on Friday claimed to have solved 15 chain-snatching cases, following the arrest of two suspects. The police have also recovered 321.52 gm of gold ornaments worth Rs 9 lakh from the suspects.Apart from Kiran Shamlal Pardeshi (24) and Yogesh Prakash Mangre (19), both residents of Balamal Chawl in Pimpri, the police have also arrested a jeweller, Ritesh Mansukhlal Rathod (19) of Vaibhavnagar, Kalewadi, for allegedly purchasing stolen gold ornaments from the suspects.Acting on a tip-off, a police team led by senior inspector of the Khadki police station, Bhimrao Tele, made the arrests.Sanjay Jadhav, deputy commissioner of police (zone-IV), said the duo had committed 15 chain-snatching offences in the last one-and-a-half years. \"We have solved four chain-snatching cases each from Khadki and Sangvi police stations, two from Bhosari and one each from Chinchwad, Pimpri, Nigdi, Yerawada and Vishrantwadi stations,\" Jadhav said.On January 17, assistant inspector Shriram Paul received a tip-off that two persons were loitering around in a suspicious manner on Aundh Road. \"API Paul and his team immediately rushed to the spot. They noticed that the suspects were on a motorcycle,\" Jadhav said.The police then took the suspects into custody. Pardeshi has previous criminal records and also has a case of robbery against him. \"During interrogation, the duo revealed their involvement in chain-snatching crimes,\" Jadhav said.The suspects also revealed the name of the jeweller in Kalewadi, where they used to sell the gold chains. \"We have arrested Rathod and have seized 321.52 gm gold bars and chains from him,\" Jadhav said. \"We also have recovered three motorcycles from the duo.\"Pardeshi and Mangre are in police custody till January 29. \"We expect to solve more cases where the suspects may be involved,\" Jadhav added.The investigating team comprised inspector Nishikant Bhujbal, and constables Shivaji Rahigude, Raju Mache, Omprakash Pal, Pramod Magar and Sandip Rathod.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11658383", "title": "Teen electrocuted, 2 die in hit-and-run", "text": "NASHIK: A 19-year-old boy was electrocuted while working on a cable television wire on Friday.According to the Panchavati police, the incident took place at around 7.30am when Kalpesh Bhavsar, resident of Chavan Nagar, Topavon, was fixing the cable TV at his residence.Though he was rushed to the Civil Hospital, the doctors at the hospital declared him dead on arrival. The Adgaon police have registered a case of accidental death.Meanwhile, two persons were killed in two separate hit-and-run accidents.In a case registered in Panchavati police station, an unidentified person of nearly 50 years of age was reportedly killed when he was knocked down by a vehicle at Ramkund water tank at Panchavati. The case was filed by Prakash Khandve on Thursday and in the complaint, Khandve said the accident occurred around 4am.In another incident, a 25-year-old youth was killed when an unidentified youth riding a vehicle knocked him down. The incident occurred at the bridge on the Waghadi river.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11658169", "title": "Minister stresses need to empower women", "text": "KOCHI: Union minister of state for human resources D Purandeswari was in the city on Thursday, attending functions at three different educational institutions in six hours before leaving to Hyderabad in the evening.She addressed students at St Teresa's College and became vocal about the need for empowering women.\"About 48 per cent of the population is women. As our Prime Minister Manmohan Singh observed, the nation cannot progress if it leaves half of its population behind. We need to be empowered,\" said Purandeswari.She also said empowerment of women as well as men could be made possible only through education. Purandeswari also attended programmes at Al-Ameen Public School and St Albert's College in the city.minister of state for agriculture and food professor K V Thomas, Kochi mayor Tony Chammny and legislator Hibi Eden accompanied her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11655856", "title": "Mob damages buses, sets bike afire over worker's death", "text": "NAGPUR: An irate mob of labourers set ablaze a motorbike and damaged three company buses and two other four-wheelers over an operator's death in a factory on MIDC road. After two hours of protest, the situation was brought under control by Butibori police. Labourers alleged that the cops resorted to mild lathicharge.On Friday afternoon, operator Mahendrasingh Choudhary (29) lost his balance while working at a height of 40m. His supporting hooks also broke, causing Choudhary, a resident of Mathura, to fall to his death. This led to the labourers protesting for immediate compensation.Besides pelting stones, damaging buses and setting ablaze a bike, more than 400 workers raised slogans. Traffic was also blocked for an hour during the protest, said police.Later, Chaudhary's body was shifted to Government Medical College mortuary by the police. A case of accidental death has been registered and senior officials are investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "11662169", "title": "Militancy in Meghalaya worries Mooshahary", "text": "SHILLONG: The steady rise of militancy in the Garo Hills of Meghalaya was a major concern voiced by governor Ranjit Shekhar Mooshahary in his Republic Day speech here.Stating that the government was firm on dealing with the threat, Mooshahary said, \"Militancy is raising its ugly head again in the state and the government is determined to deal with this threat squarely to banish the scourge for good.\"Certain groups, especially in the Garo Hills, have been carrying out illegal activities like extortion, abduction, intimidation and violence, thereby disrupting normal life and spreading an air of fear among the public, Mooshahary said.\"This nefarious game needs to be stopped; the public needs to be educated about the potential harm it can cause to the socio-political fabric of our state,\" Mooshahary, who was also the former director general of the National Security Guard and the chief of the Border Security Force, exhorted.Lauding the efforts of the law and order machinery and the people towards maintaining overall peace in the state, he said, \"Peace will allow government initiatives bear fruit, the economy to flourish and the people to prosper, benefiting the entire population.\"Calling for a concerted effort to end violence in the state and in the region, Mooshahary said, \"We are facing challenges to our freedom, unity and integrity from elements inimical to the core values of our heritage. We need to join hands to fight against these forces, which challenge the very basis of democracy, justice and civilization sustaining our society.\"Meanwhile, Anil Kumar , joint director of the North Eastern Police Academy, Barapani was awarded the Police Medal for Meritorious Service on the occasion. Kumar joined the CRPF in the year 1991 and has served in Manipur, Nagaland, Assam, J&K;, Punjab and other states. \"For his dedicated and selfless services and outstanding leadership qualities, Kumar received many appreciation. He was awarded the Police Medal for Gallantry in 2010 for fighting against militants in J&K;,\" an official release read.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "11661331", "title": "Principal lodges FIR against Cong MLA", "text": "DALTONGANJ: The vice principal of Sacred Heart School, Chiyanki, Sister Josephine Khakha, has lodged an FIR against Daltonganj Congress MLA K N Tripathy on January 25 under Section 506 of IPC and section 3 (x) (xi) of SC/ST Prevention of Atrocities Act with the SC/ ST police station.Palamu SP Anoop T Mathew has confirmed the report, while DSP Girish Pandey will be the investigating officer of the case. Tripathy on Friday during a press conference asked police to arrest him before January 30, failing which he will go on an indefinite dharna. Tripathy urged chief minister Arjun Munda to set up a high-level inquiry team by any sitting judge to ascertain the truth.He charged the SP and the DC of being instrumental in motivating the school management to lodge an FIR against him on January 25, since on January 24, during a meeting of the state assembly's public accounts committee, as a member he had asked for a vigilance probe into schemes under Integrated Action Plan (IAP), of which the DC, SP and DFO are the panelists.Dismissing the charges, DC Pooja Singhal dismissed this allegation while the SP said, \"If an FIR comes to the police station it has to be registered.\"The FIR mentions that Tripathy after reaching the school on Wednesday humiliated her and abused her for her caste before guardians and other people in her office. \"The MLA threatened to shut down the school,\" Sister Khakha has said in her FIR alleging that she was insulted since she was a tribal.Tripathy, however, denied the charges saying that the FIR was fabricated and inaccurate. He in turn blamed Sr Khakha for showing utter contempt for seeking information about admission to LKG. He also denied abusing her for being a tribal. The school management claimed to have sent this complaint to the National Minority Commission, too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11663059", "title": "Poll violence: Terrorists gun down 5 in Manipur", "text": "GUWAHATI: Suspected NSCN (IM) terrorists gunned down five persons at a polling station in Chandel district of Manipur, hours after polling of the 60-member state assembly started on Saturday.Police said the dead included a CRPF soldier, three home guards on duty and a woman voter at Tampi in Chandel assembly constituency at about 1 pm. Polling started at 7 am.The terrorists are believed to have attempted a booth capture, which failed when security forces deployed at the polling stations retaliated. One of the attackers has been injured in the retaliatory firing by security personnel and has been nabbed.Of the 2,357 polling stations in the state, only 160 are classified as normal by the Election Commission , with 1,325 termed sensitive and 872 hyper-sensitive. The elections are being held under the security cover by 350 companies of paramilitary forces apart from the state's own security resources. The army also has its deployment on counter-insurgency operations while the Assam Rifles and BSF guard the border with Myanmar, where NE militants are mostly based.Chandel district situated in the southern tip of Manipur borders Myanmar in the east and south. The district is also one the Naga-dominated hill districts of the state. The NSCN (IM) has strong presence in the four Naga-dominated districts of Ukhrul, Senapati, Tamenglong and Chandel. Its general secretary Th Muivah is from Ukhrul district in Manipur.The ministry of home affairs has earlier expressed its worry about involvement of NSCN (IM) in Manipur elections, particularly in the 11 Naga-dominated constituencies in the hill districts of the state and has ordered security forces to use maximum force against all outfits involved in poll related violence in the state.On Friday in two separate attacks by militants, two CRPF jawans and a woman were killed two others injured in Ukhrul district.Ahead of assembly polls scheduled on January 28, an IED blast outside the residence of Manipur speaker, Hemochandra Singh, the Congress candidate for Sangjemei constituency on Sunday. The seven Meitei outfits, which have jointly banned the Congress from any electioneering owned responsibility for the blast. Earlier an IED was recovered form in front of the Congress headquarters in Imphal. Security forces have also killed at least four militants so far.A key MHA official said, \"We have been receiving several complaints about NSCN (IM)'s interference. We have evidence of the outfit's direct involvement in the election in Manipur in terms of putting up proxy candidates.\"The 11 Naga-dominated constituencies in the four hill districts are crucial for any party to claim power in the 60-member assembly. These 11 constituencies have always sent only members from the Naga community to the assembly. In the plural state, the Nagas are the second community after the dominant Meitei community and they mostly live in the hill districts along the third largest group, Kukis, while the Meiteis are concentrated in the valley.Nagaland's ruling party, Naga Peoples' Front (NPF) is making its debut in Manipur elections and has fielded 11 Naga candidates and a Kuki candidate, which has fuelled fresh debate over Nagas' demand for territorial integrity. While launching the election campaign NPF chief and Nagaland chief minister Neiphir Rio told an election rally in Manipur's Tadubi the NPF's entry into Manipur politics is aimed at \"integrating the Nagas politically.\"Election 2012 NewsManipur Assembly Election 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11658053", "title": "Vehicle thieves restart SIM, held", "text": "MUMBAI: Reactivating an old SIM card on Republic Day proved costly for a college student and his accomplice (both 17) when cops arrested them in Ghatkopar . The two were wanted in five cases of vehicle thefts in Ghatkopar, Dombivli and Panvel in the last one year.The juveniles reportedly confessed on Friday that they stole motorcycles to impress girls in their college and take them for rides. The duo's luck ran shot when they thought the police might have forgotten the incident that occurred when one of their accomplices was caught with the stolen bike two months ago during a nakabandi. \"In order to escape getting caught, the accomplice told cops that he got the bike from his friend named Vivek Sharma (a fake name). Before leaving, he gave us the contact number of one of the accused's sister, thinking it's deactivated,\" said an officer.The teen activated the SIM card after a month and a half. \"On January 26, we found the accused's contact number, whi- ch was kept on surveillance, had been activated,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11663335", "title": "Singer Deepali Joshi killed in road accident in Kuwait", "text": "NEW DELHI: Renowned Indian singer Deepali Joshi was killed in a tragic road accident in Kuwait on Friday night. Deepali Joshi was in Kuwait to perform for a show to be held on Saturday, January 28, 2012.The event in Kuwait was organized by Al Mulla Exchange Company to commemorate India's 63rd Republic Day celebration.Deepali was on her way to the hotel from the Kuwait International Airport and the car she was travelling met with an accident near 6th ring road. Her companion and the driver of the car were seriously injured and are admitted to Farwaniya Hospital.Deepali hails from a small town of Dharwad, near border of Maharashtra. She speaks Kannada and Marathi fluently. She is survived by her husband, Paresh Shah, sister and brother.The shows, which was planned to be held at the Indian Embassy auditorium has been cancelled as a mark of respect.Courtesy: http://www.indiansinkuwait.com/", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11657982", "title": "Majority wins: Court paves way for Khar building's redevelopment", "text": "MUMBAI: Dissenting members who deliberately skipped housing society meetings have \"no right\" to object to a resolution favouring redevelopment passed by majority of the members, observed a cooperative court recently.The court upheld a resolution passed by majority of the members to redevelop a four-storey building in Khar (W).The ruling is significant as it seals the fate of the dissenting few and holds that the resolution, if passed at a meeting held legally, will be binding on all members of a cooperative housing society.The case pertains to Fardoon Cooperative Housing Society, a 39-year-old building, with 12 flat owners. Trouble started brewing in January 2008 when the society, by a majority vote, decided to redevelop the building and entered into an agreement with Acknur Constructions Pvt Ltd. Four members opposed the decision as being against their interest and that of the society. The developer took the matter to court in 2009. A single judge of the Bombay High Court ruled in favour of the flat owners opposed to the redevelopment. It held that a development agreement between a society and builder, through a majority decision, was not binding on all if the reconstruction was not in the interest of the society. The developer took the matter into appeal before a two-judge bench of the high court.The dissenting members, including Sweety Agarwal, argued that the builder had no right to seek eviction of the opposing members. But last August, both the sides consented to take the issue before a cooperative court. As a result, an HC bench set aside the order of the single judge and the cooperative court had to decide the issue on merits and law. By now, only two members had not consented to the redevelopment plan.A week ago, the court set up to handle matters under the Maharashtra Cooperative Societies Act finally decided the issue that resonates across suburban housing societies, where redevelopment is the latest buzz word.The main objection, apart from several alleged discrepancies in the development agreement, car parking plans and the society corpus fund, was that no 14-day notice was received for an annual general body meeting where the redevelopment decision was taken, thus making it illegal, said the Agarwals, who own a shop in the building. They said they were \"not cooperating with the redevelopment as their shop frontage was getting reduced\". The society and the developer rebutted all the allegations and said it was a special general body meeting as it was called only to finalize the appointment of the builder for which a 5-day notice was complied with. The court accepted the society's and builder's rebuttal.The court found \"no force\" in the disputant's lack-of-notice plea and held that they \"deliberately chose to remain absent\" for the January 2008 meeting despite \"having prior knowledge of the meeting\". The court accepted the society's stand that the builder's offer was confirmed a month before and the January meeting was only to execute the development agreement. It also took into account the building's \"dilapidated\" condition, the fact that eight members had vacated it in 2008 and the \"huge investment\" made by the developer, Deepak Rao, to hold that the dissenters had no case to stand on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11661500", "title": "Zonal magistrates told to inspect zones", "text": "ALLAHABAD: District election officer Alok Kumar has instructed all the zonal magistrates that they should inspect their respective areas within the next two days and be present during the training of the polling staff scheduled to be held on January 29, 30 and 31. He was holding a meeting on Friday. He also instructed that the district officials should see that the model code of conduct is being properly implemented in the district.Kumar instructed that the mock elections should be conducted in front of the polling agents 45 minutes before the actual commencement of polling. He instructed the sector magistrates that they should keep an eye in their areaHe also ordered to ensure that voter identity cards are not misused. The voters slips should be distributed by the booth level officers and the work of distribution should start from February 1. It should also be insured that all the voters should get the voters slipsDeputy district election officer Chunku Ram, ADM (nuzul) PK Agrawal and other zonal sector magistrates were present in the meeting.Special: Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11661670", "title": "Republic day celebrated with patriotic zest", "text": "KANPUR: The Republic Day was celebrated with patriotic zest and fervour on Thursday. Cultural events were held in various schools. People were having fun on the national holiday. At the police line, kids dressed up like freedom fighters gained maximum attention. Many youth, carrying the national flag, were seen spreading the message of love and peace.Many malls and restaurants were tastefully decorated. Public places were coloured with white, green and coloured balloons, stripes and flowers.The campus of various schools, hospitals and government offices came alive with the spirit of patriotism.The students took part in flag hosting, followed by the National Anthem and patriotic songs. 'Nanha munna rahi hoon', 'Aye watan humko teri kasam' and many patriotic songs were played.The students also participated in the march past. The slogans like 'Jai Hind', 'Jai Bharat' were raised to arouse patriotic spirits.The sacrifices made by the freedom fighters were remembered.A special programme was organised at the police lines in Civil Lines. The senior police officials took the guard of honour. The speakers recalled the sacrifices made by the freedom fighters who gave up their lives for the liberation of the country from the clutches of the Britishers.The NGOs distributed sweets to the children in slums and told them about the significance of the Republic Day. Even the patients in the district hospitals and the medical college took part in the celebrations. Sweets and fruits were distributed to them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11650693", "title": "Salman Khan to help free 400 prisoners", "text": "Bollywood superstar Salman Khan has offered to pay the fine on behalf of about 400 inmates who are languishing in jail despite completing their term.Salman's charitable organistation Being Human has written to jail authorities offering to help inmates, who have served their sentence but are still locked up because they cannot pay their fine due to poverty or some other reason.Jail authorities have sent the letter to the legal section. Following their clearance a no objection certificate will be sought from the administration.With their permission, the 'Bodyguard' star's foundation will submit about Rs 40 lakhs thereby freeing approximately 400 inmates from jails in the state.\"In about 63 jails in UP there are 400 such inmates who have completed their jail term but are still inside because they cannot pay fine due to financial problems,\" Vijay Kumar Gupta, IG Jail (UP), told PTI Bhasha.When a convict is sentenced for a crime he is asked to pay a certain fine alongwith the jail term. If he is unable to pay the fine the prisoner may have to serve an additional term.Salman himself has been involved in a few legal troubles. In 2002, the 46-year-old actor was arrested for rash and negligent driving after his car ran into a Mumbai bakery. Charges of culpable homicide were laid against him, but later dropped and he was found not guilty.In 2006, Salman was sentenced to one year in prison for hunting a Chinkara but was granted bail after spending three days in prison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11658580", "title": "Injured recover slowly but steadily", "text": "PUNE: Among the 30 people who sustained injuries on limbs, face and other parts of the body in Wednesday's horrific incident, some have sought discharge against medical advice while the condition of those in the intensive care unit (ICU) has improved in the last two days.As many as 13 patients with injuries were admitted to state-run Sassoon hospital.\"Of them, four have sought discharge against medical advice. At present, we are treating nine people who have sustained head and limb injuries apart from body abrasions. All of them require treatment for a couple of days more,\" said medical superintendent of Sassoon Hospital D G Kulkarni.Of the three patients - Tanaji Kale, Rishi Khandelwal and Changdeo Bhandwalkar - who were admitted to the ICU of Sassoon hospital, the condition of two remains the same. While the eight-year-old boy, Rishi Khandelwal, who sustained serious head injuries, has been moved to Jehangir Hospital. Two of them have undergone head related surgeries and one has undergone abdominal surgery.Harjivan hospital, close to the Swargate ST stand has admitted four patients. \"The condition of one has improved and we have shifted him to regular ward. The condition of other three is also improving. Since they have head injuries they will be kept in the ICU for a few more days,\" said anesthetist Manohar Seth, head of the Harjivan Hospital, opposite Sarasbaug. Of them three have sustained head injuries while one patient has fractured his femur.Two patients were being treated for blunt trauma and serious head injuries at Sahyadri Hospital, Deccan branch. \"Of them, the condition of 20-year-old Rutu Dodeja, who is being treated at the ICU, is stable while 38-year-old Nandkumar Waikar, who has received blunt trauma and body abrasions, was discharged on Friday,\" said Rajkumar Ambad, chief operating officer (COO) of Sahyadri Hospitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11661150", "title": "Lalbaug overbridge row hits ceiling", "text": "VADODARA: From a row following fears of a planning faux pas that could lead to traffic chaos, the Lalbaug railway over bridge now threatens to blow into a full-fledged political controversy.The stage for a showdown was set on Friday evening with Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) opposition leader Chinnam Gandhi sitting on an indefinite fast demanding action against those responsible for the bridge.The design and the traffic movement on the bridge had been debated heavily since the last several months. Recently, even BJP MLA from Raopura and state parliamentary secretary Yogesh Patel raised the issue and VMC officials had to visit the bridge along with Patel to look into the possible ways of taking care of a chaos that Patel had predicted.With the inauguration date of the bridge nearing, the controversy is only peaking. Sources said that the inauguration of the bridge is planned on January 30 and preparations are being made for the same.Gandhi had earlier demanded an inquiry in the affairs of the bridge that was constructed at a cost of around Rs 49 crore. \"But that has not been done despite the fact that now everyone admits that there could be traffic chaos on the bridge,\" he said.Gandhi has demanded that an inquiry into the bridge must now be conducted by the state vigilance committee or central JnNURM vigilance committee as the bridge was constructed under the JnNURM scheme. He has also asked the VMC to suspend the consultant who prepared the design for the bridge and recover the damages to the civic body from him and immediately dismiss executive engineer P M Patel who was responsible for the project.VMC mayor Dr Jyoti Pandya has also reacted sharply to Gandhi's agitation and said that he was trying to derail the inauguration of the bridge and take political mileage. She issued a statement stating that the detailed project report for the project was studied by JnNURM and it was only after an approval that the project was taken up.Pandya added that former minister of state for railways Naran Rathwa and former VMC opposition leader Chirag Zaveri had also attended the ground-breaking ceremony of the over bridge. However, she said, that Gandhi was trying to turn things around by opposing the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11657835", "title": "DMK men gear up for Alagiri's birthday bash", "text": "MADURAI: Union minister M K Alagiri, the south zone organising secretary of the DMK, might be keeping a low profile since the successive debacles in the 2011 assembly and local body elections.But the DMK cadre, a bit demoralised themselves, are gearing up for a grand birthday bash of Alagiri falling on January 30, hoping for the southern satrap to bounce back in action ahead of the bypoll in Sankarankovil in Tirunelveli district. The district DMK functionaries have planned for a gala feast for 10,000 persons on the day to celebrate the birthday of \"anja nenjan.\"\"The 61st birthday celebrations organised on behalf of the party would be held at Maharaja marriage hall at Teppakulam. About 10,000 persons from across southern districts would be treated with a grand feast on that day. We have also planned to give away welfare measures to the needy and poor,\" said G Thalapathy, urban district secretary of the party.The entire coterie of the Union minister in the district are expected to be present in full strength to celebrate the event, as all the DMK bigwigs who were detained under the Goondas Act soon after the regime change have managed to revoke the detention. Besides Thalapathy, 'Pottu' Suresh, V P Pandi alias 'Attack' Pandi, V K Gurusami, Ochu Balu and Jayaraman were arrested on charges of land grabbing and detained under Goondas.In a bid to turn the celebrations into an opportunity for boosting Alagiri's image, the DMK men have planned to give away free dhoties, saris, sewing machines and iron boxes, besides cash assistance. \"In all, 16,661 persons will be given welfare assistance. Ten thousand of them will be given T-shirts, 4000 saris and 2000 will get dhoties. As many as 61 persons would get sewing machines and physically challenged will receive vehicles and others, iron boxes. Ten DMK men from financially downtrodden families would be given Rs 10,000 each,\" Thapalathy said.\"We have planned to celebrate the birthday in a grander scale than last year, almost like a mega conference of DMK,\" said district secretary Moorthy. Alagiri would garland the statue of Anna at around 8am and arrive at the venue to participate in the celebrations.DMK men hope that Alagiri would spring into action and prepare the ground for the bypoll in Sankarankovil assembly segment after the celebrations. \"The election commission is yet to announce the date for the by-elections. We expect Annan to give his instructions to begin the poll work, once the announcement comes,\" said a DMK functionary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11657843", "title": "Flyover to ease congestion at Goripalayam", "text": "MADURAI: The city corporation has chalked out an ambitious multi-crore plan to bring in major infrastructural changes in the fast growing city.Explaining the policy outline for the development of the city during the Republic Day address, Mayor V V Rajan Chellappa listed out the projects estimated around Rs 300 crore to be implemented in the city over the next few years.One of the projects is to establish yet another bus stand, exclusively for private buses adjacent to the integrated bus stand in Mattuthavani. The city already has five bus stands - Mattuthavani, Periyar bus stand, Anna bus stand, Palanganatham and Arapalayam. The proposed bus stand would accommodate private omni buses alone near Mattuthavani. The bus stand has been planned at a cost of Rs 70 crore, said Chellappa. A Rs 80 crore multi-storeyed parking lot is also set to come up near the Jhansi Rani park in the heart of the city to eliminate traffic congestion in the locality. Right now, vehicles are parked in a haphazard manner due to the absence of a parking lot.Noting that Madurai was the second biggest corporation in the state with a population of 15 lakh, the mayor said that the projects were planned in tune with the growth of the city.Sensing the need for accommodating heavy vehicles, the corporation has also decided to establish two truck terminals at a cost of Rs 85 crore at Kochadai on the outskirts of the city and Avaniapuram.If yet another proposal of the civic body turns into reality, perennial traffic at Goripalayam, one of the busiest junctions in the city, would become a thing of past. The civic body wants to build a flyover at the Five Road Junction at a cost of Rs 70 crore. Not just infrastructure, but cleanliness and hygiene have also been given a thrust in the policy outline of the mayor. The envisaged projects include a Rs 40 crore plan for implementation of the solid waste management in various parts of Madurai. In a bid to eradicate open defecation, public conveniences would be constructed in 43 places, while 55 existing toilets would be renovated at a cost of Rs 8.75 crore.Besides, roads to the length of 3-km are to be laid with plastic waste at a cost of Rs 1.5 crore in the first phase. A sum of Rs 10 crore would also be earmarked for erecting streetlights.City corporation commissioner S Soundarrajan said that the civic body would approach the state government for funds. \"We have prepared detailed project reports for some of these projects while others are in the proposal stage. The projects were chalked out after studying various needs of the public and due consultation with experts and officials. In one or two months, project reports would be ready and would be sent to the state government,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11663388", "title": "Papon to surprise his listeners", "text": "He comes from the far east and through his music he has made his name across the globe. One of the most promising singers in India, Angaraga Mahanta Papon, who came into the limelight for his song Jiye Kyun from Dum Maaro Dum, is fast becoming popular amongst the new era music lovers.Traveling and performing within and outside of India, Papon has collaborated with various artists, nationally and internationally. His live performances with Karsh Kale and Midival Punditz have created much of a fan base for Papon. So what kind of preparation goes behind collaborating with foreign artists and creating newer sounds? He says, \"It is actually simple. When two different musicians come together, what comes out is always different. So when I collaborate with someone there is a different language that is formed and new sounds are created.\" He adds, \"You need to connect with them as people and as musicians and then what you get out of that is a musical conversation.\" So what is in store for those who like his music? To which Papon says, \"I think my listeners will have to wait and watch as I have some surprise for them.\" So why is he doing more fusion than his regional music and bringing it on a national level? He says, \"We are born fused with so much happening around us. So that's the flavor that comes out.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11657213", "title": "New flyover solves traffic, drainage prob", "text": "NOIDA: The newly-opened sector 37 flyover has solved two problems. Apart from reducing traffic congestion, it has also paved the way for the Noida Authority to begin a project to rid the city of clogged drains and open sewers. The move comes after repeated complaints from residents, particularly those living in sectors 29, 37 and neighbouring areas.Residents had been constantly reminding the Authority that the waste generated by construction of the flyover and underpass had blocked the main drain of sector 37 as well as those in neighbouring areas. \"The main drain at sector 29 runs behind St Luke's church till Bhardwaj Hospital and has been overflowing due to bloackage at the sector 37 crossing. This comes with health hazards and breeding of mosquitoes,\" said Ankita Khanna, a sector 29 resident.The Authority now claims to have come up with a comprehensive plan to sort out the issue. The project will begin with fixing the drains in sectors 37 and 29 as an experiment.\"Depending on the result, the project will be extended to the rest of the city. Traps for silt and solid waste will be installed at regular intervals. Besides, catch basins and cleaning chambers are being created to make sure that the drain remains clear,\" said Samakant Srivastav, Project Engineer, Noida Authority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11658202", "title": "HC pulls up govt on arbitration fee for GPs", "text": "KOCHI: State should explain on what basis government pleaders are allowed to claim fee for related work such as arbitration while they are being paid a monthly salary by the government, the Kerala High Court ordered on Thursday. The explanation was sought by Justice S Siri Jagan while considering a petition by a government pleader seeking the court's intervention in claiming the fee for arbitration in a case allocated by the advocate general.\"I am of the prima facie opinion that the government pleader, who is receiving monthly salary from the government, cannot claim separate fee for appearing in arbitration cases, when he is drawing salary for the period during which he is appearing in the arbitration case,\" the judge observed while seeking an explanation from the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11657478", "title": "Municipality elections in May", "text": "HYDERABAD: Putting an end to speculations, chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy said that the government was planning to hold the much-delayed municipal elections in May, the dates for which are to be announced in some time.Dropping enough hints about the government's intention to go ahead with the elections in May, the CM asked officials to gear up for municipal polls and instructed them to complete all pending JNNURM projects relating to underground drainage, storm-water drains and drinking water schemes by end March.The CM held a meeting to review the progress of urban infrastructure projects and asked officials to finalise the staffing pattern for newly-constituted municipalities within three days. Minister M Maheedhar Reddy, who attended the meeting, told media that officials had been asked to prepare for polls in May.The CM directed the water board to speed up work to bring water from the Godavari and the Krishna to Hyderabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11657505", "title": "Politicos blamed for unrest in Old City", "text": "HYDERABAD: Little did people know that the banner publicizing the Maha Aarthi on January 27 put up on the walls of the Bhagyalakshmi temple abutting the Charminar about four days ago would ring in trouble. In their effort to draw crowds, the involved political groups even took to social networking sites such as Facebook to publicise the event. There were communities active on the site asking people to join the mega event in large numbers and make it successful. Text messages too were beeping on the phones of the Old City residents for the last few days.Residents said that rumours of some unrest during the Friday prayers were doing the rounds since Thursday and a tense atmosphere prevailed in many parts of the Old City. Many who were scheduled to go to the mosque for the Friday prayers decided against it apprehending trouble.\"Never in the history of the temple had such a big crowd gathered during Friday prayers. This is nothing but an attempt to create disturbance in the peaceful atmosphere here by the political groups,\" said a shopkeeper close to Charminar. He added that the turnout at the temple on Fridays is usually lesser compared to the other weekdays.The Old City residents and traders said they had enough of politicians whipping up communal passions, that too when people were living peacefully with each other. \"In my locality, on one side there is a Hindu population living and on the other, it is the Muslim population. We are living peacefully without any hassles for years now,\" said Girish Kumar Malpani, a resident of Shah Ali Banda.Many rued that while the city is truly secular in its character and fabric, instances such as these lead to problems. \"Politicians need an excuse to create trouble. Hyderabadis are secular but it's the politicians and their agents brought from other states who foment this nonsense,\" said Mohammed Najeeb, a resident of Yakutpura. He added that it is best that the public exercises restraint otherwise if they react, they themselves will end up becoming the victims.Traders condemned the incident and said they feared a backlash. They said that if such incidents become regular, they would have to shut shop. \"If such unrest continues, families and tourists will not prefer coming here. As it is, there has been a dip in the number of customers due to various reasons. The business community irrespective of the religion will be hugely affected if such incidents become a regular affair,\" said Rajesh Agarwal, a trader from Gulzar Ho-uz.Residents said they were glad that the other political party steered clear of the whole issue thereby ensuring there wasn't any big problem. If shopkeepers rued the impact of the incident on their businesses, residents said that the happening on Friday was an attempt of some political groups to make their presence felt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11661665", "title": "'Techkriti' off to breathtaking start", "text": "KANPUR: Techkriti-2012, the annual technical festival of Indian Institute of Technology-Kanpur began with three breathtaking shows on Friday evening.The outstation students were witnessed collecting the identity cards. The entire institute, particularly the student activity centre had come alive. For the next three days, the students from IIT-Kanpur and other engineering colleges would be showcasing their technical skills. Some students were carrying mini-model aircraft and quodrocopters developed by them.Events like Robogames, Junkwards and Gearloose are expected to draw enough crowd. What will fancy the attention of the students will be robots of different shapes and sizes that would be on display from Saturday. The total prize money of Rs 25 lakh would be given to the winners of different events.Techkriti was inaugurated by co-ordinators Prashant Bafna and Rohit Agarwal on Friday evening. Students and faculty members of IIT-Kanpur, outstation candidates and others witnessed the inaugural ceremony.Prior to the event, a 'havan' was performed at student activity centre. Bafna and Agarwal, publicity incharge Abhilash Maji, marketing head Bhuvnesh Goyal and others took part in the rituals.Later, renowned 3-D show artist, J Waltz performed 'Spontaneous Fantasia', what is described as a live musical visual experience and has often compared to laser shows or Pink Floyd concerts updated for 21st century! He utilized the latest interactive computer graphic techniques and his suave onstage charisma to bring paintings to life. The result was an animated movie unfolding before the audience.An attempt was made to enter the records books by construction of a stick bomb, a mechanical spring-loaded device constructed out of flat sticks woven together under tension. It was made of 6,000 sticks, against the current record of 3,800 sticks.Following that, 100 sky lanterns were set off into the sky and beautified the night above the IIT campus. Sky lanterns are like mini hot air balloons made of non-flammable, biodegradable material. A wick is suspended from the frame, which when lit, enables the lantern to fill with hot air and float into the sky.A talk was delivered by Sanjoy Mahajan, the author of the bestseller 'Street Fighting Mathematics'.IIT-K science and technology magazine 'NERD', (Notes on Engineering Research and Development) was launched.The confluence of fun, exuberance and display of technical wits would continue for the next three days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11660945", "title": "UP Polls: Cong's vision for Nav Uttar Pradesh", "text": "VARANASI: Senior Congress leader and Union minister Ajay Maken, along with AICC Secretary Mohan Prakash, released the party's vision - Nav Uttar Pradesh 2020- for the UP assembly election 2012 on Friday.Talking to media persons, Maken highlighted the points of the vision document and said the party aimed at restoring UP to its rightful place in the country so that it could once again show the entire country the way. The vision document includes nine main points categorized as 'Nav Uttar Pradesh Ke Nav Aadhar'. These points cover almost all aspects, including employment and entrepreneurship, secure livelihood for farmers, a dairy revolution for UP, empowering women, minorities, SC, ST and OBCs, fair and just land acquisition law, balanced regional development, security, transparent and responsible governance, power, water, road and transport, high quality affordable education, technology for common man, health facilities, nutrition and developed villages.The Congress in its vision document showed its commitment for 20 lakh new jobs in the state and modern job-oriented skill training for all youth. \"We will create 20 lakh new jobs for the youth in five years to tackle the issue of distress and migration. Besides, we will set up 1,000 skill development centres that will train 20 lakh youth per year for jobs,\" Maken said. A UP skills and employment mission would be set up for this purpose. He said the Congress wanted to ensure 9-10% growth of UP for the next 10 years. The industrial revival of UP would be ensured through promoting traditional clusters and creating new ones. More than 40 clusters across the UP would be created or modernised through the infusion of new technology.These clusters would cover the sectors of handloom weaving of Varanasi, Mau, Ghazipur, Sant Ravidas Nagar, carpet of Mirzapur, Bhadohi and Sonbhadra, potato processing of Farrukhabad, Etah and Agra, Buddhist tourism of Kushinagar, Varanasi, Gorakhpur and Sravasti, integrated tourism and weaving of Varanasi, leather and shoes of Unnao, Kanpur, Agra and Hamirpur, glassware of Firozabad and Chitrakoot, pottery of Bulandshahr, Azamgarh and Gorakhpur, mint of Barabanki, printing and perfumes of Farrukhabad and Kannauj, wood carving of Saharanpur, brass and locks of Moradabad and Aligarh, sugar industry of Kheri, Balrampur and Shahjahanpur, integrated tourism and stone of Agra, horticulture (mango processing) of Malihabad, betel leaf, medicinal herbs of Mahoba and Lalitpur, agro-processing (of Awanla) of Pratapgarh, aviation of Amethi and Rae Bareilly. Besides, new hubs would be developed at Noida, Ghaziabad, Kanpur, Gorakhpur, Jhansi, Meerut, Allahabad and Bareilly.The vision document has also laid emphasis on empowering minorities with a commitment to ensure full economic and social empowerment of minorities. It stated that the Congress-led UPA government had already approved 4.5% reservation for socially and economically backward Muslims under OBC category across the country in central government jobs, PSUs and educational institutions. \"We will aim towards a sub-quota/reservation for socially and economically backward minorities in UP as part of the OBC quota in state government employment and educational institutions, commensurate with their population,\" said the document that also laid emphasis on empowering SC, ST and OBCs/MBCs.For land acquisition, the document advocated for immediate steps to implement new law on land acquisition introduced by the Congress led central government in the Parliament. For the balanced regional document the Congress promised that they would ensure that every region including Poorvanchal, Bundelkhand, and the Tarai gets rightful attention it deserves. \"We will rapidly and effectively implement the UPA government's flagship scheme on integrated development of backward districts, Backward Regions Grant Fund, in 32 districts of UP,\" said the document.Election 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11656964", "title": "Obsession with fashion reaches hair-raising level", "text": "MUMBAI: Sheetal Mayekar feels out of place among her peers if she is not wearing a label. Though just 14, her favourites include Zara, Promod , FCUK, Nike, among many others. Without these labels on her back, she feels unconfident.As self-image, all around, becomes increasingly dependent on 'looking good', personal grooming has turned indispensable for children too-no matter what the cost. They want their clothes to come from the latest collections of High Street brands or designers and their shoes to be purchased from international sportswear stores. Their hair, they strongly feel, should perennially be perfectly set, and their hands should always be immaculately manicured.Lavanya Vij, a class IX student in a Navi Mumbai school, is extremely aware about what she likes to wear. Her skirts, she points out, are invariably paired with designer tops. \"I shop at High Street stores even for regular wear,\" says Vij. \"I love experimenting with clothes and looks.\" Since she does not get a fixed pocket money, all her demands are met by her parents.Fourteen-year-old Simran Kamra prefers her clothes from Kazo, Tommy Hilfiger and Jealous 21. Her shoe rack is filled with purchases from Catwalk. \"I am not fixated on any specific label. I buy whatever I like and whatever suits me. My mother is a fashion designer, so she is knowledgeable about various brands. She helps me shop.\" Kamra likes her hair falling on the face, though she pins it up when going to school. \"I am bored of my curls, so I straighten my hair or try different cuts for special occasions such as dance shows and weddings.\"Homemaker Sucheta Vasudevan says her son plays tennis and is consistently \"demanding branded accessories\". \"Be it shoes, bag or racquet, we give him the best. We never calculate the amount we spend on him,\" she asserts. Many families travel from Navi Mumbai to swish stores in Mumbai because the clothes for kids \"are really good\" there.Not all parents are so indulgent, though. The father of an 11-year-old declined outright when his daughter insisted on straightening her hair for a school event. \"She is just 11 and her hair is well managed. There was absolutely no need for her to straighten the hair,\" he says.Experts too believe that parents should be cautious before giving in to children's demands. \"Children learn by imitation. Kids whose parents are conscious about brands also fall prey to it,\" says psychiatrist Anjali Chhabria.\"For some kids, it is about following peers. They feel low if they do not have brands to flaunt. If all their friends use a Nike water bottle, they also want one. If they do not possess labels, they end up suffering from low self-esteem. Parents need to explain to children that they need not purchase a brand all the time. They need to give them valid reasons for their refusal.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11658288", "title": "Kanchi MP to launch padayatra", "text": "CHENNAI: Kancheepuram MP P Vishwanathan of the Congress will begin a 100-day padayatra from Kanathur village on the ECR around 7am on Sunday to get to know the needs of his constituents.However, since Viswanathan is scheduled to attend Parliament session, the padayatra will be staggered and is expected to end only in December.He will meet residents, traders, elected representatives of local bodies and members of welfare associations and seek feedback on various centrally-sponsored welfare schemes.He is expected to cover around 4,000 km in 100 days with an average of around 40 km a day. Everyday, on an average, Vishwanathan plans to walk around eight hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "11662146", "title": "Governor Kumar says Nagaland peaceful, lauds security forces", "text": "Kohima: In his Republic Day address, Nagaland governor Nikhil Kumar said the state has, by and large, remained peaceful over the past few years and law and order was being maintained. He acknowledged and complimented the police force, district administration and security forces for effectively dealing with all law and order threats, and for ensuring a peaceful atmosphere by effectively controlling crime.\"As per the latest report released by the National Crime Records Bureau, New Delhi, our state has had the distinction of having the least crime rate in the country in the last year,\" he said while addressing the gathering at Civil Secretariat Plaza, Kohima on Thursday on the occasion of the 63rd Republic Day.Kumar called upon the people of Nagaland to contribute to the best of their ability to ensure peace, progress and prosperity and re-dedicate themselves to the cause of national services. \"Let us strive afresh to lay a strong foundation for the future generation and also word hard to drive away hatred, distrust and corruption from our society, so that peace and prosperity reign supreme in this great land of ours,\" he said.He added the ceasefire with underground groups has been holding good, despite many threats. \"There is an air of optimism and hope that the ongoing political negotiations will soon result in a peaceful resolution of the six decade-old Naga political problem,\" Kumar stated.The governor also lauded NGOs, tribal hohos, the church, members of civil society and the Forum for Naga Reconciliation (FNR), all of who have worked hard to foster dialogue and understanding among various underground groups with considerable success. \"I thank them all for their sincere efforts. I also want to exhort the people to strengthen their hands in this noble endeavour,\" he added.Further, Kumar said that Nagaland, as the 16th state of the Indian Union, has also been an equal partner in the nation's journey of socio-economic progress. He added that despite many challenges, the socio-economic progress of Nagaland has been remarkable over the last five decades.Kumar announced that elections to the municipalities and town councils are likely to be held in the month of April.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11658422", "title": "Postal ballots for those on poll duty", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Election Commission of India has decided that officials and personnel on poll duty will cast their votes through postal ballots. As per available provisions, the election commission allows postal ballot facility for voters in remote and inaccessible areas, so that voters in such places can exercise franchise.Joint chief electoral officer, Anita Meshram informed that all personnel on poll duty will be provided with form-12, so that they can present an application for availing the facility of postal ballot.Those on poll duty can provide these applications during the training for election. Keeping the same in mind, Meshram directed all district electoral officers to meet representatives of department of post, so that the responsibility can be executed smoothly.As many as 21 FIRs were lodged in 4,234 matters related to violation of the model code of conduct on Friday. Besides, two FIRs were lodged in 117 matters regarding misuse of red/blue beacon lights. Police also seized 55 illegal fire arms and 75 cartridges from different places in the state while the action taken by the enforcement squad of the excise department, 4,975 litre of illegal liquor was recovered in JP Nagar, Kushinagar and Maharajganj districts. Apart from this, cash worth Rs 3 lakh was seized by the flying squad and a warrant was issued against a person in this connection.UP Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11658483", "title": "BIA asked to pay Rs 3K for senior's agony", "text": "BANGALORE: Bengaluru International Airport (BIA) has been asked to cough up Rs 3,000 for making an 80-year-old man sit on the ground after charging him Rs 80 for entering the arrival lounge.Adjudicating an appeal filed by BIA, the Karnataka State Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission has ruled that not providing a facility (of chairs to sit) after charging for the same amounted to deficiency in service.It directed the BIA to pay SN Subramanya, a resident of Mysore, Rs 2,000 as cost of litigation and Rs 1,000 as compensation for the mental agony he underwent when he visited the airport to receive his son and grandson on December 11, 2010.\"Being 80 years old, the complainant couldn't afford to sit on the floor. There was no seating accommodation. When he enquired about the inconvenience suffered by him at the information desk, there was no proper response,\" the court noted, while observing how the complainant was made to suffer because of deficiency in service.In April 2011, a Bangalore Rural district consumer redressal forum allowed a complaint from Subramanya on this. The forum had directed the BIA to compensate him. But the airport authorities went in appeal against the district forum's order to the state consumer forum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "11657305", "title": "Coast guard rescues sick Filipino sailor off Goa", "text": "VASCO: In an early morning rescue operation on Republic day, the Indian Coast Guard ship evacuated a sick Filipino national from a merchant vessel at sea, off the Goa coast.The vessel, MV Maersk Lebu, was on a trip from Turkey to Singapore when one of her crew members Saaavedra Hernando was seriously ill and had to be evacuated immediately.On receipt of a message the maritime rescue sub-centre, Goa, immediately swung into action. Maritime rescue sub-centre, Goa, directed the merchant vessel to come closer to Mormugao while Indian Coast Guard ship C-148 sailed out to evacuate the person and brought him to Vasco.The coast guard personnel in a very professional manner evacuated the patient from the ship and later handed him over to the local agent at Vasco for further management, says a press note issued by the Coast Guard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11658298", "title": "MNS ready for pact with BJP, says Gite", "text": "NASHIK: After the saffron combine failed to work out a pre-poll pact for the Nashik Municipal Corporation election scheduled for February 16, political leaders reckon that the BJP may form an alliance with the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena.After the fall-out of the saffron combine, everybody's focus on the civic polls of February 16 has become even stronger. The drama unfolded after the meeting of Shiv Sena (SS) and Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) that went on till late in the night on January 25. The most likely alliance that some party leaders opined was Maharashtra and BJP. A source in the secular alliance revealed that the threat from the saffron alliance is no longer felt.The MNS will declare its candidates on Saturday and the party is confident of winning a significant number of seats this time as compared to the last elections.Member of legislative assembly Vasant Gite said the party was willing to align with the BJP if need be. \"The fallout is good for us. We are not into any pre-poll alliance. We are fighting the elections alone. We do not believe in sycophancy,\" he said.Gite said that MNS did not have any qualms about forming a post-poll alliance with BJP. \"We have sufficient seats as of now and don't mind a coalition with the BJP,\" he said.One of the MNS volunteers said that his party was sure that the BJP did not have enough seats whether or not the latter felt so and hence, a union between the two parties after the election should not be a problem for either of the parties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11661720", "title": "Every student wants to win", "text": "KANPUR: The students who have come to IIT-Kanpur for taking part in Techkriti are highly enthusiastic to exhibit their skills in various competitions that have been lined up for the next three days.Nidhi Singh and Anima Varshney, BTech students of an engineering college who have come to IIT-Kanpur along with other team members to take part in the event called Wild Soccer, have prepared three robots for the competition. The two informed: \"It took us around two months to make these robots, a wired robot and two wireless robots. Now, we are here with the intention of winning the competition.\"Sumit Chandra, a BTech student of IIT-Kanpur, said the teams arriving on the campus were full of zeal as every competition also had a prize money. Swapnil Agarwal, Roopal Thakur, Pallavi Ahuja and Ravina Srivastava, the gang of four girls from Madhya Pradesh, have arrived at IIT-Kanpur for the very first time with the hope to win the competition in which they would take part. \"We have worked hard for nearly two months for making a water rocket and therefore hope to win the two events- Impulse and Gearlose- in which our team will take part,\" they said.Sumit, Pratyush, Nikunj and Nitin, who have come from an engineering college in Agra, said they would be participating in the event -Electromania- starting from Saturday. Alim Khan and his team members, who have come from Dehradun, said they would be participating in the event, Gearloose.Divya and Shrishti and their team members would be participating in Lumos event where they would be exhibiting the talent of the two robots developed by them. A team of students from Delhi University are here to participate in the event-Boomerang.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11657287", "title": "Three in the dock over illegal mining", "text": "MARGAO: The Sanguem police on Thursday registered an offence against Jakir Khan, Abral Khan and Ismail Khan on charges of carrying out alleged illegal mining in a property located at Cotarli, Sanguem. Police sources informed that an FIR was registered based on a complaint lodged by Ahmed Khan who had complained to the police that illegal mining was being carried out in his ancestral co-owned property by the accused thereby depriving him of proprietary rights and causing damage to the property. The complainant had pointed out that huge amount of mineral ore had been extracted illegally and without any permissions or approvalsfrom the concerned authorities.Ahmed has been working abroad for the last several years and the case of alleged illegal mining in his ancestral property came to light during his latest visit to Goa in August 2011, police sources informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11658717", "title": "Double dose of celebrations", "text": "It's time to leave all routine work aside and get to some fun activities as two of India's widely celebrated festivals, Basant Panchami and Saraswati Puja, fall on the same day. From kite flying to musical events and food fests, the day will pack it all. In Chandigarh, Bengali families will celebrate the Saraswati Puja at Kalibari temple in Sector 47, Bonga Bhawan in Sector 35 or Kalibari temple in Sector 31.Kite flying At Leisure Valley, kite flying and kite painting competitions will take place all through the day. The event is going to be a mini Chandigarh carnival organized by DAV College, Sector 10, students and Chandigarh tourism. The carnival will have swings, food stalls and traditional delicacies.Musical evening Chandigarh Sangeet Natak Akademi will celebrate arrival of spring with \"Aai Basant Bahar\" programme at Tagore Theatre at 6.30pm. Bhuvanesh Komkali will present a classical vocal recital. Professor M Venkateshkumar, will conclude the festival with his classical vocal recital. Everyone is supposed to wear yellow.Hate khari Children over two years will begin their educational journey on Saturday. The priest will make them write the first ever words on slate. The first word the children are made to write is \"om\". Children who are already studying keep their books in front of Goddess Saraswati, who is worshiped on this day. Neelkant Das, a resident from Bengal, said, \"Special slate is made for kids and after the priest worships the Goddess of Knowledge. On this day many people keep a fast which they break during Anjali,\" he added.Bengali food fest First time ever a Bengali food fest will be organized in Kalibari in Sector 31. It is an event initiated by ladies of the Bengali community. Six famous Bengali dishes will be prepared by 10-15 Bengali ladies on voluntary basis. The cuisines will include dud puli, patti sapta, ghoogni, karai-suti, matar kachouri and aloor dum. The fest will begin from 1pm onwards after the pooja. Nivedita Bose, a resident hailing from Bengal who is also one of the voluntary cooks at the fest, said, \"Bengali food is not very popular here so we though of hosting a festival. This time we've planned it on a small scale, but from next year onwards it will be on a large scale.\"Puja timings (At Kalibari temple)9.30am: Pooja will start 10.30am: Anjali will take place. People chant matra after the priest 10.30am: Hate Khari. Children will start their educational journey 1pm: Food festival will begin followed by langar", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "11659091", "title": "Gang of 8 loots 2 lakh from bus", "text": "MALDA: A gang of eight members robbed passengers, travelling on a bus, off Rs 2 lakh on Thursday morning. The bus driver was injured in the process. No one has been arrested yet.On Thursday, a North Bengal State Transport Corporation bus started from Behrampore for Jalpaiguri at 7.30am. At Farakka, a group of eight persons boarded the bus. When the bus reached Sujapur-Danga at 12pm, the gang took out their arms.An eyewitness, Sabita Sing said, \"First, they hit the driver with a revolver. The driver immediately stopped the bus. He was bleeding profusely.\" It was then that the gang began to rob other passengers and looted at least Rs 2 lakh.On getting the news, police reached the spot. The miscreants had, however, managed to flee by then. A complaint was lodged at Kaliachak police station.When the bus reached Malda, passengers were infuriated.Barun Kr Saha alleged, \"I had Rs 90,000 with me. I was coming to purchase goods for my shop at Farakka. The entire money was robbed. I don't know what will happen.\"Another trader Purnachandra Sarkar was robbed off Rs 60,000.\"Five of the miscreants were carrying revolvers while the rest had sickles.\" It is thought that the robbers had targeted the traders much earlier. However, such an incident on broad day light had startled the passengers.The driver Nanigopal Mandal was admitted to Sujapur Hospital. Nobody has yet been arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11661314", "title": "RSB T-20 cricket tourney from today", "text": "Come Saturday and cricket lovers of the Steel City will witness international players like Wasim Jaffer , Saurabh Tiwary and Romesh Powar exhibiting their skills with the bat and ball here. The RSB Twenty-20 Cricket Cup Tournament, beginning here on January 28, will witness the experienced and promising cricket talents vying for the Rs 1-lakh prize money. \"The tournament is unique and first of its kind in Jharkhand involving players, who have represented the country and in the Ranji Trophy and Duleep Trophy teams and for different IPL teams,\" said RSB Group VP Nishant Behra, which is organizing the T-20 tournament.Eight teams - Air India-New Delhi, Orissa Cricket Association, RN Sports-Mumbai, South Eastern Railway-Ranchi division, Telcon-Jamshedpur, Metro Rail-Kolkata, Jharkhand Cricket Academy and host RSB - are participating in the four-day event. \"The idea behind organizing the tourney is to promote young cricketing talents in Jharkhand by giving them an opportunity to play alongside international players,\" said Behra. All matches of the tourney will be played at Shaheed Nirmal Mahato Stadium, Sonari.The organizers said JSCA is not participating in the event as several of its players are busy with the ongoing camps for the upcoming board matches.\"Tiwary (an employee of Tata Steel ) will play for RSB as he has got a no-objection certificate from his company and JSCA has also released him for our tournament,\" said Behra, adding that Shahbaz Nadeem was also supposed to play in the tournament but owing to his selection in the Duleep Trophy he had to withdraw.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11658942", "title": "Basant Panchami paints Mumbai yellow", "text": "MUMBAI: The colour yellow fills the air as the city prepares to celebrate the festival of Basant Panchami on Saturday. The festival welcomes the onset of spring on the fifth day of the Hindu month of Magh.Spilling over from Makar Sankranti, kite-flying is a routine practice this day, particularly in north India. Women dress in yellow, which is the colour of spring, and prepare a variety of sweets flavoured with saffron.The day is dedicated to the worship of Goddess Saraswati , the deity of learning and music. Santoor artiste Rahul Sharma has imbibed the tradition from his father, Pt Shivkumar Sharma. He says, \"This is a little-known festival although all musicians revere this day, of course. For my part, I chant the Saraswati mantra every day. Saturday is doubly special so I will spend more time in prayer and hope that the goddess of music continues to bless me.\" His father, also his guru, is away at present or the family celebrates as a unit.Over at Shivaji Park, the Bengal Club will host a fulllength celebration. \"We will begin with a prayer to the goddess at 8 am followed by the pushpanjali or floral offering a half hour later,\" says the secretary of the club, Moloy Purkayastha.\"In the afternoon, we will distribute khichdi bhog to all the devotees who assemble there. Around 2,000 people come each year, among them several urchins who are treated with equal dignity and served with love and respect.\" The multi-course vegetarian meal at Bengal Club will end with payesh and sweetmeats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "dugri", "code": "11662511", "title": "She celebrates colours on canvas", "text": "DUGRI: Painting gives her solace. Whenever she is sad, she paints. Kirandeep Kaur, 38, a resident of Dugri, says colours are her lifeline and she cannot survive without them. As a kid, she used to draw pictures of vegetables and birds in her drawing books and every one was fascinated by her talent. They used to ask her to draw more pictures and this is how she took to drawing and painting. Today, art lovers from Denmark, Norway, United States, United Kingdom and Canada purchase her paintings.But it was not before 1996 that she took it seriously. She did not have any major exposure in painting before that, but in the same year, she participated in a painting exhibition in Sutlej Club and exhibited a number of paintings in that exhibition. \"During my first participation in group exhibition, some of my paintings were purchased by the art lovers. That motivated me a lot,\" she said.Now she is working as a professional painter here after graduating in fine arts. Till date she has painted over 200 canvases and works in oils and acrylics and textures fascinates her. She said she works on the combination of abstract and realistic work. Initially, she used to imitate others idea but then three years ago, her sister suggested her to paint original ones. From that day, she started painting her ideas on the canvas. She said she spends seven hours on painting and it gives her solace and satisfaction.Kirandeep has painted pictures of 10 Sikhs gurus, the Golden Temple, Hindu gods and goddesses and flowers. Nowadays, she is working on the paintings of Lord Buddha and would exhibit her series soon in a solo exhibition in city.Her sister, Kamaljeet is her inspiration who has guided her in this sphere, as she is also an art lover. She said her sister has exceptional skills. She said Kirandeep is sincere and jovial kinds and this is the reason she produces impressive ideas through her art.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11657312", "title": "Telugu weddings in US stick to tradition", "text": "HYDERABAD: The wedding season in Hyderabad may begin soon, but stealing their thunder in grandeur are Telugu weddings abroad. Telugu expats settled in the US have woken up to traditional wedding dos, saving on their air tickets but instead splurging on gold-studded ceremonies, ensuring they have not missed out on anything, be it the mettelu (toe ring) or the jeelakarra bellamu (jaggery and cumin seeds).Over the last few months, Telugu expats have imported clothes, jewellery, wedding items, traditional gifts, marriage delicacies, cooks and even local photographers from Hyderabad to give marriages in the US the perfect traditional look and feel. \"Telugus staying abroad are increasingly trying to stay traditional and are clued into different customs and rituals,\" said G Madhavi Latha of Sowbhaghya Pelli Kanukalu, Hyderguda, who specializes in wedding items. In the last wedding season, her clients based abroad sourced cloth screens that are placed between groom and bride, chokis, hand decorated pots and traditional toys from her. \"Surprisingly, Telugus marrying from other communities or even a person of another nationality too are going for traditional marriage,\" she says.K Satyanarayana Rao, a wedding planner from Tarnaka, a popular figure in the Telugu NRI circle, has exclusive designs for his clients abroad. \"There is a conscious interest that NRIs are taking in keeping their marriages traditional compared to a couple of years ago. They are also doing it to showcase their culture to their foreign friends,\" says Rao, who recently designed a silver vermillion holder with carvings which was ordered in bulk as a return gift for a wedding. He says he interacts with clients either on webcam or phone and sends them designs of jewellery, clothes and marriage items.Given that only Indian photographers would be able to do justice to traditional weddings, the demand for city photographers has shot in the recent past who are now being flown down to capture the ceremonies. The frequent overseas wedding assignments have now led to photographers carrying a separate rate card for NRIs, which starts from $ 4,000 and above.D Ravinder Reddy, professional wedding photographer of Ravi studios, Somajiguda, who has covered more than 30 overseas Telugu weddings says Telugu weddings abroad have in fact become more traditional than those back in the land of their birth, with each extending for over three to four days. \"Indian marriages are very complicated and local photographers know exactly how to cover them since we are accustomed to the procedures and importance of the various customs. That apart, Indian photographers are quite flexible and hassle-free when it comes to timings and obliging with requests for additional photos,\" Reddy says. He cites an incident: \"At a recent Telugu wedding in the US, apart from me a foreign photographer was also assigned to cover the event. At the crucial time of the groom tying the knot to the girl which marks the completion of marriage he stopped taking photos. When I asked him the reason, he said that it was not included in the agreement and it appeared unimportant.\"Much like photographers, even cooks from Hyderabad are being airlifted to complete the tradition, with the opportunity of sightseeing thrown in. Various big and small outlets have opened in the city. The snack items ranging from laddoos, pickles to wheat and rice based snacks, are packed in four-layered boxes and couriered to the US.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11662534", "title": "Gang of medicos hogs &amp; shops to chill out", "text": "LUDHIANA: Shopping and food are the glue that makes 'Desilicious' stick together. A fusion of 'desi boyz' and 'desi galz', this gang of four friends boast in their true-blue Punjabi spirit and \"deliciousness''.Enjoying their weekend at a cafe on Pakhowal Road, the friends - Sumati Verma, Gautam Gupta, Navneet Kaur and Robin Jindal - say they have known each other for four years and have no clue how time flew. \"Maybe we are just a nice bunch of people who feel good about each other. In the last four years we have always been on the lookout for new places to shop and eat. Whenever we plan to hangout, we end up at a restaurant. We eat a lot and it gives us a lot of energy to chat endlessly,'' says Model Town-resident Sumati aka \"kiddo''.The 'Desilicious' say they are all medicos interning at Dayanand Medical College &amp; Hospital (DMC&H;). \"We met at a festival in AIIMS, Delhi and have since then been sharing lives,'' adds Sumati.The most talkative one in the group, Sumati's trademark is fighting for anything from chocolates to bus seats. \"She has earned her name by always acting like a kid. She is also the shortest one among us but defies all in level of confidence and intelligence,'' says Robin, swiftly changing topic to cool cars and escaping Sumati's sting.Not one to back off, Sumati points to Gautam and says he is their \"Killer daddy''. \"Not only is he well-built, he also gives a lot of 'gyaan'. Gautam loves giving suggestions to everybody and to play the boss. But, he is very caring, always available and sticks to his commitments,'' says Sumati.Navneet rises to the occasion of introducing Robin. \"We call him king because that is how he behaves. He has the 'I'm above all this'-kind of attitude. Once he bunked a very important class and had absolutely no regrets. He didn't stop even then and bunked about three times more. Robin is very daring and caring person and 'number 1 bhukkad' of our group, but if he's around we keep laughing all the time,'' says Navneet, who stays in Adarsh Nagar.Gautam does not let Navneet escape being embarrassed. \"She is 'Dimpy','' he says, readying to give a detailed account of her. \"We call her Dimpy because of her dimples on both cheeks. She is very responsible and the peacemaker of the group. Navneet is the one to always decide the venue and time of our meetings and also keeps a track of us all the time. But when she gets angry, it becomes very difficult to control her,'' he says.Sharing their group's speciality, Navneet says they have a unique way to sort their fights, and that is to party. \"If anyone in the group gets angry, first we try to calm him or her down and at the first sight of a smile, we organize a party for that person. All the anger vanishes while we eat and our fights never last for more than three or four hours,'' she says. Sumati adds that they also like surprising each other on birthdays. A memory they all laugh about is when they were in Delhi. \"It was like a scene from 'Jab we met'. We had to catch the the last metro and hadn't even got the tickets when we saw the train. We ran like crazy across the station and just managed to squeeze in at the last moment,'' shares Sumati, while the others roar with laughter remembering the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11659087", "title": "CM to lay foundation for Rajbanshi academy", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee will lay the foundation stone of the proposed Rajbanshi academy at the Victor Jubilee Palace in Cooch Behar on February 10. She will do so by remote from the Kanchanjungha Stadium in Jalpaiguri while inaugurating the North Bengal Festival. This was announced by Gautam Deb, minister in charge of north Bengal affairs, at Writers' Buildings on Friday.\"The Uttar Banga Unnayan Parshad (UBUP) met for the second time on Friday since its formation. The chief minister and Manish Gupta, minister in charge of development and planning, were present during the meeting. We have now decided to hold a review meeting every two months. We have identified 361 projects that have been going on since 2004-05. Funds have been posted in the accounts of the district magistrates for timely completion of these projects. Of these projects, 228 are going on. Most will be completed by March 31, 2012. As many as 41 projects have not seen the light of day of which 28 are in Malda and Jalpaiguri. In the progress report for many of these, the remark given is 'Not Yet Started'. If this continues till the next meeting, we will be forced to drop them,\" Deb said.According to him, none of the projects in north Bengal will be kept pending. Projects have also been undertaken involving public sector undertakings, both of the Centre and the state. A major effort will also be given to check riverbank erosion in North Bengal.\"We will go to Delhi after February 16 and demand a permanent representative in the Brahmaputra River Committee. This committee will have to take responsibility of the erosion in north Bengal. We have already started allotting funds for projects that do not require Detailed Project Reports. Rs 5.2 crore has been allotted to the tourism department to develop four locations, two of which are in Kalimpong. Rs 4.96 crore has been allotted for the Calcutta High Court circuit bench in Jalpaiguri. Money has also been allotted for health equipment,\" Deb said.According to him, the government is trying hard to resolve the problems of the tea gardens in north Bengal. \"We are trying to convince the owners of abandoned tea gardens to return. Steps are also being taken to resolve the problems at Teklapara Tea Garden,\" the minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "11661317", "title": "Salary deduction of 29 malaria office staff ordered", "text": "HAZARIBAG: DC Manish Ranjan on Wednesday directed to deduct salaries of 29 staff of the district malaria office for dereliction of duty. Besides this, show-cause notices were issued to all the absentees asking why they should not be dismissed from service.Ranjan took this action during a surprise inspection of the malaria department and the office of the Urban Malaria Eradication programme. The 29 employees were mostly designated for collecting blood samples and also work for malaria eradication.District malaria officer Dr Prem Das, too, could not give any satisfactory reply. After examining the reports of the blood samples collected by the department, he was surprised to find that not even 40 blood samples had been collected. Malaria outbreak has been reported from various blocks. tnn Bishnugarh, Keredari, Chouparan, Churchu and Barkatha blocks of the district.He also said after receiving the replies to the show-cause notices, he will write to the state government for taking action against the erring staff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11657529", "title": "From Dec 24 to now, liquor worth 23 lakh seized", "text": "PANAJI: State excise officials have seized liquor worth 23 lakh since the election code of conduct took force.According to data provided by the excise department, 22,715 bulk litres of liquor worth 23,03,204 have been confiscated since December 24, 2011 the day the code of conduct took effect.Bardez taluka contributed the largest haul of 12,203 bulk litres of liquor worth 12,87,640. 32 cases have been booked in this connection.The highest number of raids was conducted in Sanguem, which recorded 80 raids. In all, 362 raids have been conducted and 147 cases booked throughout the state.A truck worth Rs 15 lakh has also been seized.In related news, Ponda excise seized liquor worth 10,000 on Republic day. Sources said the liquor included 17 cartons of Indian Made Foreign Liquor (IMFL) and 3.5 cans of country liquor (cashew). The liquor was stored at a residence. A case of illegal storage has been booked.Excise officials seized 2160 bulk litres of liquor worth 1 lakh on January 25. Sources told TOI that 69 cartons of IMFL and 172 cartons of country liquor were seized from a warehouse in Tivim. A Case of possession without transportation permit has been booked. Another case of selling liquor on weekly closing day was booked against a liquor selling premises the same day. No liquor was seized.Quepem excise officials also seized 39 bulk litres worth 1400 on January 25.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11658807", "title": "Pune spice", "text": "Saramayee Gurukul (an institution of the Prabha Atre Foundation) is organising the 101th baithak on Sunday, which will feature a sitar performance by Pandit Dharmbir Singh, a disciple of Ustad Vilayat Khan. Singh is a renowned sitar exponent and represents Imdad Khani and Vilayat Khani gharana. He took initial training from Sita Ram, Narinder Nirula and advanced training from Ustad Vilayat Khan in the traditional guru-shishya tradition. He has researched many aspects of Indian classical music, created valuable technology solutions for teaching Indian music. He would be accompaniment by Aravind Kumar Azad on tabla. Entry is free.Date: January 29Time: 6 pmVenue: Swaramayee Gurukul, opp Sambhaji Park, the lane adjacent to hotel Shiv Sagar, J M RoadThe Maharashtra Education Society's Vimalabai Garware high school has arranged a live music and dance concert to celebrate the 75th foundation year of the school. Participating artists include Maneesha Sathe (kathak), Salil Kulkarni (vocal), Sameep Kulkarni (sitar), Sharvari Jamenis (kathak), Sania Patankar, Yogita Gidbole (vocal), Sachin Ingle and Charusheela Gosavi (violin) and Gauri Swakul (kathak), among others.Entry is free.Date: January 28Time: 6 pmVenue: Abasaheb Garware College groundA violin concert has been organised to mark the 101st birth anniversary of Pandit Gajananbua Joshi. Nilima Radkar, a disciple of Madhukar Godse and Ramakant Paranjpe will present a violin solo, which will be followed by a jugalbandi between Bhalchandra Deo, a disciple of Gajananbua Joshi and Charusheela Gosavi, daughter disciple of Bhalchandra Deo. Raviraj Gosavi will provide accompaniment on tabla. Entry is free.Date: January 29Time: 5.30 pmVenue: Bharat Gayan Samaj, near Shanipar, Bajirao RoadEXHIBITIONAmazing Waterscapes is an exhibition of paintings by artist Shailesh Sonavane. An artist and businessman, Sonavane has come up with his latest series of waterscape paintings. He is an active member of the society of marine artists.Date: On till January 30Time: 9 am to 6 pmVenue: Bliss Art Gallery, Koregaon ParkArtist Sandeep Yadav will be putting up an exhibition titled 'Colour's Way'. The beauty of the Konkan region and the temples of Nashik and Wai in water and acrylic colours will be on display.Date: February 1 to 10Time: 10.30 am to 10 pmVenue: Grubshub art hub, Law College RoadSharada Borkar is displaying her paintings titled celebration of life. Borkar's work celebrates nature, mountains, trees and lakes.Date: On till January 31Time: 10.30 am to 10 pmVenue: Grubshub art hub, Law College RoadPainter Vishwajeet Kumar is showcasing his paintings in an exhibition titled 'Vision.' On display will be 30 paintings dedicated to nature. The artist has captured moods of nature through the atmosphere we live in and the colours in nature.Date: On till January 29Time: 10 am to 8.30 pmVenue: Art2Day gallery, 1048 Samarth, Hirabaug chowk, Tilak RoadRajesh Kunchur, who is interested in wildlife photography and has visited various national parks in India and in Kenya, has organised an exhibition of his photographs. His message to fellow wildlife photographers is not to disturb animals and birds while photographing them in trying to get better images than others. This sensitivity is important to preserve whatever little space is remaining for the wild life. This way our future generations will be able to see birds and animals in their natural habitat.Date: January 28 to 30Time: 10.30 am to 8.30 pmVenue: Balgandharva Kala Dalan, J M RoadTHEATREKeeping with the tradition of enriching the theatrical environ of the city, Dishari is presenting a multilingual theatre festival. This year, Dishari's theatre festival has been able to rope in the stalwarts of Marathi, Hindi and Bengali stage. The festival started on January 27 with noted actor Rohini Hattagadi's Avishkar group putting up the Hindi play - Jagadamba. This would be followed by Aneek theatre group of Kolkata, who will perform the Bengali play Tapati, originally scripted by Rabindranath Tagore. Sachin Khedekar and his team will join the fest on Sunday evening to perform the Marathi play Mounraag. Kaushik Sen's Swapsandhani group's presentation Samudrer Mauno will be the last play of this years' festival. Entry is by ticket.Date: January 28, 29Time: 7 pmVenue: Balgandharva Rangmandir, J M Road", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11657377", "title": "CM firm on retaining textile VAT", "text": "HYDERABAD: Chief Minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy on Friday ruled out withdrawing the VAT on textiles despite demands made by YSR Congress president YS Jaganmohan Reddy, who had staged a day-long dharna in Guntur calling for the scrapping of the tax, and former TDP minister Kodela Sivaprasada Rao.Interacting with a delegation of textile traders who called on him at his camp office, the chief minister made it clear that the government was not imposing the tax on traders with turnover of less than Rs 5 lakh per annum but collecting 1% tax from those with turnovers upwards of Rs 40 lakh.\"We are not collecting VAT from small traders with a turnover of less than Rs 5 lakh per annum. The opposition leaders' demand, calling for the removal of VAT on big traders earning more than Rs 10 crore yearly, is not justified,\" he said.He told the traders' delegation that the state was following the same model on textile VAT as implemented in other states. He clarified that there would be no tax on power mills, handlooms and zari sarees as they were exempted from VAT.He assured textile traders that they would not face any harassment from the commercial tax department with regard to collection of VAT.Both YSR Congress and TDP have promised that they would withdraw the VAT on textiles once they came to power. \"Were the government to withdraw VAT now, the credit for it would go to Jagan and TDP. Hence, Kiran took a firm stand on the issue,\" a senior official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "11661478", "title": "Paint and win a trip to Santiniketan", "text": "DHARWAD: Dharwad chapter of INTACH will organize an on the spot essay and painting competition for students of class VIII, IX, X and PUC I year on Monday on the occasion of Ravindranath Tagore's 150th birth anniversary.The competition will be held at RLS High School in Dharwad from 11am to 12.30pm. Topics: Essay: Story on Tagore, his works on travels in India, his contribution to art and culture.* Painting: Tagore's poetry, story plays, songs and essays or portrait of Tagore or Shanti* Medium: Water color, crayon, sketch pen; A-3 size paper will be provided. Suitable prizes will be awarded to winners. According to INTACH convener S Bhagawat, first ten winners at national level will be sent on a trip to Santi niketan. All participants will get certificates. Participants should be present at the venue on time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11658518", "title": "B'lore girl shines in abacus contest", "text": "BANGALORE: Pragati Natwar of the National Centre for Excellence, Bangalore, is the second runner-up in the international-level 12th Pan-Pacific abacus mental arithmetic competition held in Thailand, Bangkok . Pragati, incidentally, was the first runner-up in last year's national-level abacus competition.Till date, the Bangalore girl has received five gold medals, two silver, three bronze, 53 certificates, 17 trophies and 191 prizes in different streams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11655881", "title": "Kalpana Pandey to throw her hat in the men's ring", "text": "NAGPUR: Former mayor and senior BJP corporator Kalpana Pandey has decided to contest from general category becoming the first woman to throw a challenge to men in the 2012 NMC elections.Pandey is the corporator from existing Hanuman Nagar ward- 92 in South Nagpur. In the two-member ward system, Pandey's existing ward has been clubbed with adjacent Medical ward-89 for formation of new Medical ward- 49. There is one reserved seat for SC ( women ) and remaining one is general from where any man or woman may contest. As Pandey comes from open category, she cannot contest from the (SC) female category.With only one option left and stronghold in the ward, Pandey has decided to contest from general category. The other parties including Congress may field male candidate from the general seat. Thus, it would be a fight between Pandey and other men making the ward very interesting in the election.\"I have undertaken development works worth over Rs5 crore in last five years in my ward which has major share in new Medical ward. Besides, I have been active in other welfare activities like coordinating for foreign language coaching. The party believes in me,\" she said.Pandey was mayor in 2000 after being elected for the first time in 1997 election and is presently the deputy leader of ruling party in the NMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "munger (bihar)", "code": "11660369", "title": "Five charred to death in Bihar village fire", "text": "MUNGER (Bihar): Five people, including three children, were charred to death in a major fire which gutted more than 25 huts at Migaon village in Bihar's Munger district.The fire broke out late last night after villagers arranged a bonfire because of biting cold, official sources said today.The fire soon spread and gutted more than 25 houses at the village in Mufassil police station area, they said.Two adults and three children died of burn injuries, the sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11658146", "title": "Acquired property may be returned", "text": "MUMBAI: Scores of individuals and families in the suburbs whose properties, now valued at several hundred crores, were acquired by the government under the Urban Land Ceiling Act in the early 1970s have some hope of getting them back.An NGO, the Mool East Indian Sanghatna Trust, has a list of properties and is trying to get them back to their rightful owners after getting details under a RTI request. Activist priest Fr Michael Gonsalves has asked civic action groups to help people recover their properties which had been acquired under theAct which was scrapped in 2007.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11658337", "title": "300 miscreants in custody", "text": "NASHIK: With Nashik getting ready for the municipal corporation and zilla parishad elections and crime in the city on the rise, the police have taken 300 anti-social elements into custody during the past fortnight, deputy commissioner of police (zone 1) Sahebrao Patil said.To control criminal activities in the city, these anti-socials were detained, he said. The police have also asked the commercial establishments to shut down by 10.30pm and this has helped them to nab criminals who have been externed from the city limits.The police have also recovered an illegal stock of country liquor.Patil said it was during a combing operation that the police have been conducting during the recent weeks, that they were able to arrest three persons who were involved in the murder of 45-year-old Subroto Shrushtich-aran Das, a resident of Deolaligaon.Das was found dead on the Patil Nursery road in Nashik Road near the railway line, on January 12.Patil, while admitting that thefts of vehicles were still taking place, said they have brought down incidents of chain-snatching. They have also prepared a list of 60 anti-social elements to be externed, he said.While the city police claim to have curbed the menace of chain-snatchings, one incident of the crime did occur near Gandharvanagri, Nashik Road.A woman Vishakha Dorle of Anandnagar, Thorat Mala area, was passing near Shahunagar Board around 8pm on Wednesday on her bike, with her friend as the pillion, when two men on a motorbike came near them and snatched the gold chain worth Rs 40,000 that Dorle's friend was wearing. A case of chain-snatching has been registered at the Upanagar police station.Meanwhile, Zone 2 deputy commissioner of police D S Swami said every police station has prepared a list of 20-30 criminals under their jurisdiction and have been keeping close tabs on them.Also, they have made a list of persons with criminal records from 2007-12 and are looking into their whereabouts and source of income.\"We have rounded up some 300 criminals and taken preventive action on 60-70 of them. Besides, all police stations have started nakabandis in their respective jurisdiction,\" Swami said.\"The basic aim is to show presence of police on the streets. Four externed criminals have also been arrested during the combing operation,\" Swami said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11659124", "title": "3-day strike in mandis, biz worth Rs 8kcr hit", "text": "JAIPUR: Several farmers returned dejected from foodgrain markets without selling their crops on Friday after foodgrain traders throughout the state went on a three-day strike to protest against the Food Safety and Standards (FSS) Act, 2006.As many as 247 foodgrain markets in the state remained closed as the Rajasthan Khadya Padarth Vyapar Sangh (RKPVS) called for a three-day bandh. Edible oil and pulses mills too remained shut. RKVPS said business around Rs 8,000 crore has been badly affected owing to strike.In Bharatpur, tea sellers and retailers kept their shops closed. In Jaipur, foodgrain markets in Surajpole mandi, Deenanathji ki Gali and wholesale dealers of tea joined the strike.The loss includes daily sale of oilseeds (mustard, soyabean, groundnut, sesame) worth Rs1,500 crore, edible oil worth Rs 800 crore, pulses Rs1,200 crore, foodgrains Rs1,500 crore and dry spices worth Rs1,500 crore. Food Safety and Standards (FSS) Act, 2006 was implemented in the state in August 2011. However, from January 1, the state made it compulsory for foodgrain traders to procure licence from the medical, health and family welfare department, and that too with an increased fee.The Prevention of Food Adulteration (PFA) Act, 1954 was amended to form the new FSS Act. Under the newly-implemented FSS Act, 2006, foodgrains too will have to undergo inspection by the administration . Earlier, only cooked or packaged food was checked.A chief medical and health officer said, \"Earlier, we did not conduct raids at foodgrain storehouses as the licencing authority rested with the municipal bodies. However, under the new Act, the director (health) is now the food safety commissioner . The health and medical department is authorized to issue licences and at the same time check the licences of foodgrain traders.\"The revised Act however, has not been welcomed by the traders who feel that as they just buy the grains from farmers and sell it off to dealers, they do not play any part in adulterating it, and therefore, should be kept out of it.RKPVS president Babulal Gupta said, \"The strike is our way of showing solidarity with traders across the country who protested against the Act. A meeting of Bhartiya Udhyog Vyapar Mandal was convened to demand rectification in the Act and intensify the protests across the country.\"The traders also protested against the sharp rise in licence fee. Earlier the fee ranged between Rs 6 and Rs 12, but now it has gone up to Rs 2,000 and even up to Rs 7,500 in some cases , said Gupta. For a trader with a turnover of Rs 60 lakh, the fee should be Rs 20, while for those with a turnover of over Rs 60 lakh, it should be Rs 100, the traders demanded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11657528", "title": "Bhatkal received hawala money to carry out blasts", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even as security agencies redoubled efforts to track down Yasin Bhatkal-IM operations head in India-hawala money used to fund terror activities have also come under the scanner.Detention of Shameer alias Shameer Fagnest, a member of the southern IM module, by security agencies has revealed that he was involved in pumping money into India from the Gulf. Fagnest, whose name had been on the top of absconding Jamiatul Ansarul Muslimeen terror list, has been accused to have worked with Sarfaraz Nawaz, now in judicial custody, and coordinate with Lashkar conduit Wali Aziz, based in Oman , to park hawala money from West Asia to India.Mumbai ATS has claimed that at least two businessmen from Mumbai and south Delhi's Lajpat Nagar, who had been under suspicion in fake note cases, have been put under the scanner.A source in Delhi police special cell has told TOI that most of the hawala money from the Gulf and countries like Thailand get accumulated in Nepal before making their way to the two metros. He added that Yasin had received a substantial amount in Delhi from one of these businessmen and the money was used to sponsor not only the terror attacks, but also Yasin's extensive travel plans across Delhi, Mumbai and Chennai as he dodged the security agencies.Sources in ATS and the special cell claim that prior to 13/7, IM operatives Yasin Bhatkal and Riyaz Bhatkal bargained on the amount to be spent to execute the terror attack and the duo communicated on the issue while Yasin camped in Nepal. \"Though Yasin demanded Rs17 lakh to bomb three places in Mumbai, he was paid Rs12 lakh by his IM bosses,\" the ATS claimed. Delhi police though believes that the final amount delivered was substantially lower. A Mumbai-based hawala operator who channelized the money from Mumbai to Delhi was likely to be arrested soon, the police said.Riyaz Bhatkal also took 10% from the salaries of his module members in the name of jihad and used it for his own benefit, ATS chief Rakesh Maria said. \"Bhatkal had Rs 27 lakh in his bank accounts and Rs 11.40 lakh were found in his Mangalore home in 2008,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11658990", "title": "Raj varsity youths ransack bar after denied liquor", "text": "JAIPUR: Some students of the Rajasthan University (RU) allegedly ransacked a beer bar in the Bajaj Nagar area late on Wednesday when they were denied liquor after the bar was closed for customers.The bar owner has lodged an FIR alleging that a group of over 20 students damaged the property by pelting stones. According to the police, the incident took place at Ghoomar Hotel near Laxmi Mandir on Tonk Road.\"One Vijaypal Singh from the hotel said that some RU students including Kailash Meena and Ajay Meena came to the bar after it had been closed for customers and demanded beer,\" said an investigating officer.He added that when the bar tender refused and said serving liquor after 11 pm was not permissible, the students threatened him and left the place. However, sometime later, they returned with a bigger gang.\"They started pelting stones at the hotel and houses nearby. The window panes and tables were broken. The windows and glass doors of a nearby guest house were also smashed,\" the officer said.The bar owners informed the police but by the time a team from the Bajaj Nagar police station arrived, the students had fled the scene.\"We have launched a search for the students. A forensic examination of the spot has also been conducted,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "11657930", "title": "Army aircraft crash-lands in Gaya", "text": "GAYA: A microlight aircraft of the Army crash-landed in the fields near Tepa village under Panchanpur police outpost on Friday afternoon.According to reports reaching the district HQ, the aircraft crash-landed due to technical snag. No report of injury to either of the two occupants of the aircraft has been received. Rescue teams of the Army were airdropped at the site and the aircraft was mechanically lifted and brought to an abandoned airfield at Panchanpur.Gaya SSP Vinay Kumar said the Army officials did not care to inform the local police about the incident.This is the second such incident in the area in recent weeks. Earlier, an aircraft had crash-landed in the neighbouring Paraiya police station area.Taking serious note of the recurrence of such incidents involving military aircraft, the SSP said he would be writing to the Army officials to observe the flying protocol and take adequate steps to prevent the recurrence of such incidents as they also involve the security and safety of civilians.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11657748", "title": "CEO seeks police report", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa chief electoral officer has asked police to submit a report on the alleged stoning of the house of Fr Bismarque Dias.Addressing media persons, joint chief electoral officer N S Navti said Dais' supporters complained that Dias had been getting anonymous threatening calls ever since he announced his decision to contest from Cumbharjua constituency and that on Thursday night, some miscreants threw stones on his house.Navti said the CEO must ensure the safety of the candidates and has accordingly sought a report from the police so as to assess the gravity of the threat to the security of the candidates.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11658707", "title": "New flyover to cut snarls, declog drains", "text": "NOIDA: The newly-opened sector 37 flyover has solved two problems. Apart from reducing traffic congestion, it has also paved the way for the Noida Authority to begin a project to rid the city of clogged drains and open sewers. The move comes after repeated complaints from residents, particularly those living in sectors 29, 37 and neighbouring areas.Residents had been constantly reminding the Authority that the waste generated by construction of the flyover and underpass had blocked the main drain of sector 37 as well as those in neighbouring areas.The Authority now claims to have come up with a comprehensive plan to sort out the issue. The project will begin with fixing the drains in sectors 37 and 29 as an experiment.\"Depending on the result, the project will be extended to the rest of the city. Traps for silt and solid waste will be installed at regular intervals. Besides, catch basins and cleaning chambers are being created to make sure that the drain remains clear,\" said Samakant Srivastav, Project Engineer, Noida Authority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "11661149", "title": "Manipur assembly elections: 30 % votes cast in three hours", "text": "IMPHAL: About 30 % of the 17.40 lakh voters exercised their franchise in the first three hours in Manipur legislative assembly elections today, officials said.Long queues of enthusiastic voters were seen at many polling booths across the valley districts of Imphal East, Imphal West, Thoubal and Bishenpur with people waiting their turn on a sunny morning.Official reports said hundreds of people were seen outside RDS High School in Wangkhei constituency in Imphal East district where former minister and senior Congress leader Yumkham Erabot is pitted against his arch rival O Henry of Manipur State Congress Party. Henry is nephew of Manipur chief minister O Ibobi Singh.A large number of voters were seen at the playground of Wangkhei girls high school in Yaiskul constituency in Imphal East district as they could not find place to stand in the queue as they line was already too long.Trinamool Congress nominee and former education director Hareswar Goswami faces his cousin Jayadev Sharma in the seat.In Thoubal constituency in Thoubal district, where the Chief Minister crosses sword with his arch rival O Indira of BJP, brisk polling was reported from many polling stations.In Thangmeiband seat in Imphal West district, where former chief minister and NCP chief Radhabinod Koijam faces former BJP chief M Bhorot Singh in a multi-cornered contest, heavy polling was reported from many polling stations.Reports said turn out of women voters was much more at many polling stations in the valley districts.In hill districts, polling was heavy at Kalapahar, Motbung and Kangpokpi in Kangpokpi constituency in Senapati district.In some interior hill districts, polling at some booths was low because of cold weather, reports said adding turn out at Ukhrul was very low.Official sources said so far no untoward incident was reported from any part of the state.A helicopter was kept ready to meet any emergency situation, official sources said adding para-military forces were deployed at all the polling stations. Police and para-military forces were seen patrolling at many parts of the state particularly in valley districts to check movement of ultras who might disrupt the poll process.Special: Manipur Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11662855", "title": "For the Youth", "text": "KOLKATA: Good news is no news, bad news is good news, said journalist Paranjoy Guha Thakurta of a nation obsessed with cricket, crime and cinema and set the ball rolling at the sixth edition of the Y Factor seminar 2012.Organised by the NSHM Institute of Media and Communication (NIMC) on recently, the panel discussion on Media and Youth for Social Change is a Utopia compelled the audience to put on their thinking caps.Moderated by Guha Thakurta, the panelists for Y Factor 2012 comprised economist Abhirup Sarkar; dancer and social reformer, Alokananda Roy; adman Prahlad Kakkar; veteran actor Dhritiman Chatterjee and industry honcho Anirudha Lahiri.Y Factor has been conceived as a platform where the industry bigwigs interact with the students, said, Mrityunjoy Chatterjee, principal of NIMC in the presence of chief mentor Cecil Antony, A R Mukherjee, CEO of Tollygunge Club and Srijit Basu, campus director.As the first to take the stage, Sarkar said, Social change also includes economic and political change. The media has an important role to play in shaping our aspirations as it has increased the proximity of the whole world.Speaking from her experience with inmates of correctional homes, Roy advocated a change in the legal system of the land. Media should reach out to the less privileged sections of society and make them aware of their rights and duties, she commented.Lahiri stressed on the importance of the youth and media which are inextricably linked in the process that brings about social change. The youth are gradually realising the power they can command at the click of the mouse, added Lahiri.The perceptive observations of actor Dhritiman Chatterjee echoed Canadian philosopher Herbert Marshall McLuhans famous coinage, the medium is the message while the trademark wit of Kakkar was in full display when he charged out at those who brand the youth of today as philistines. Our generation did nothing to stand up and question. Thats why there are no icons or leaders left, said Kakkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11658171", "title": "\u2018Despair growing among minorities\u2019", "text": "LUCKNOW: Activists from some non-governmental organisations ( NGOs) voiced concerns over the factors affecting the development and progress of Muslims in the country. The activists were taking part in a seminar held in the city on Friday. In her opening remarks, Planning Commission member Shabnam Hashmi said that despite constitutional and legislative guarantees, minorities, especially Muslims, continue to lead a deprived life.\"At many places, they face discrimination which is violation of their rights guaranteed in the Indian constitution. Unfortunately, the last one decade has seen a steep rise in cases of discrimination,\" she said.She was joined by Mohd Arif from Varanasi who spoke on the issue of communalism at length.\"There is an almost universal sentiment of fear and growing despair among minorities. There are incidents to prove that all institutions of governance and more so the police and judiciary have behaved apathetically towards Muslims,\" he claimed. He added that there is a constant fear of being profiled as a terrorist which deepens with the risk of illegal and prolonged detention, denial of bail, torture, unfair and biased investigation and trial and extra-judicial killings.Another speaker Naish Hasan threw light on the issue of basics such as education, employment, housing and public services which entrap the community in hopeless conditions of poverty and want.Enlisting some major points that need genuine political attention and activism, she said, \"Accessibility to education, employment, health, civic amenities, women empowerment, provision of affordable bank loans and financial assistance, participation in democratic and political processes are essentials needed to help Muslims lead a normal life.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11658350", "title": "Fuel price hike in doubt: Oil Secy", "text": "KOCHI: Oil secretary G C Chaturvedi on Friday said that it was impossible to say whether the government would agree to the proposal of the oil companies to hike oil prices before the ensuing elections in North Indian States.\"We have given the details of acute losses being suffered by the oil companies due to subsidies on items like petrol, diesel, kerosene oil and LPG. It is for the empowered group of ministers to decide. I can't say whether the decision will be taken before the elections,\" Chathurvedi told reporters here after 100th director board the meeting of the Petronet LNG Limited. He said the oil companies were facing a loss of Rs 427 crore because of under recovery in oil prices. The total loss could be as high as Rs 1.35 lakh crore for this year. As per the current understanding the oil companies, government and consumers were to share 33% each of this burden in the first half of the current fiscal. The government has given Rs 30,000 crore towards that and was yet to give the balance of the Rs 1.35 lakh crore.\"If the government doesn't want to pass on the consumers' share to them, they will have to allocate that much amount to the oil companies. Or else, the government will have to hike the oil price,\" said Chathurvedi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11658515", "title": "Kids teach elders importance of voting", "text": "VARANASI: Walking amidst the chaotic traffic with hardhitting slogans on their lips and informative placards in their hands, it seems that young children who are yet to turn eighteen and be eligible to cast their vote are more enthusiastic and excited about the upcoming assembly elections than their elders. Schools are also seeking help of these schoolchildren to motivate their parents and family members to vote judiciously.According to Manoj Vishwakarma, his son Raj, a class five student, has been constantly telling him and other members of the family the benefits of casting vote in the upcoming polls. \"There will be better facility for everything we complain about at present if only people will go to the polling booths and cast their vote,\" says Raj. \"We were told at school to ask our elders to vote so that a responsible government could come into power.\"Most of the schools of the districts are conducting rallies, awareness camps, staging streetplays and a counselling session during the parents, teachers interacting sessions to encourage family members of the students to cast their vote.According to district inspector of schools, Vijay Shankar Mishra, there are directions for every government and private schools of the district to carry out awareness campaigns encouraging people to vote. \"At present over 200 schools of the city are done with these campaigns which include time to time interactive sessions, informative streetplays and rallies,\" added Mishra.Apart from the following the guidenlines, some schools are also conducting voluntary programmes so that a good awareness is spread among the society through the children. According to Dipika Joshi, director of a school in Rajnahiya, a special morning assembly was organised by the school in which students were told about the importance of voting and how to persuade their parents to cast vote in the assembly elections. \"A slogan writing competition was conducted thereafter to get an idea of how much they have learnt from that session. Slogans like \"vote today for better tomorrow\" and \"jab kahi ho koi khot to apna hathiyar vote\" by students of junior classes was very surprising,\" added Dipika.UP Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11658010", "title": "20% office space in Nariman Point vacant", "text": "MUMBAI: Average rates for outright purchase of office space in Nariman Point are in the range of Rs 35,000 to Rs 40,000 a sq ft.\"The Merrill Lynch-TBZ deal at Rs 24,000 a sq ft will now set a new benchmark for Nariman Point, although Tulsiani Chambers is considered to be a B Grade building,'' said people who track commercial property market in the city.Merrill Lynch has offices in Mafatlal Centre and Express Towers. \"It wanted to get rid of the Tulsiani Chambers premises because it saw Nariman Point as a diminishing market with no property appreciation. Most buildings here are old and their value has come down,'' said a source, familiar with the deal.Market observers said as much as 20% of offices in Nariman Point are currently vacant. A slew of companies, corporates and banks are moving out, preferring to relocate to places like Bandra-Kurla Complex and Andheri. Recently, the Royal Bank of Scotland vacated most of its premises in Sakhar Bhavan and shifted to BKC's Maker Max City building where it occupies around 75,000 sq ft. Last week, the Singapore-based investment firm Temasek moved out of Nariman Point and moved into a 10,000 sq ft premises in BKC (Maker Max City). \"The inventory is going up every week in Nariman Point,'' said a real estate consultant.Last year, when Bank of America took on lease (Rs 93 lakh a month) two entire floors in Express Towers, many thought the transaction could help Nariman Point redeem its fading image . However, it was a one-off deal and did not reflect the general market conditions in this commercial business district.In 2007, ABN Amro Bank renewed its lease for an office on the third floor of Nariman Point's 12-storey Sakhar Bhavan at Rs 500 a sq ft per month. This was the first time that the Rs 500 barrier was touched in Nariman Point. Current lease rentals are between Rs 200 to Rs 250 a sq ft here.Experts said that corporate houses and financial institutions prefer BKC because of its central location, good connectivity, superior quality of the properties and adequate parking facilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "agartala/silchar/shillong", "code": "11662149", "title": "Bird flu breaks out in parts of NE", "text": "AGARTALA/SILCHAR/SHILLONG: Outbreak of bird flu or avian influenza hit the ICAR complex in Agartala on Thursday prompting the authorities to cull about 2,000 ducks and chickens. The outbreak also forced authorities in neighbouring Barak Valley areas to take precautionary measures.\"The culling began on Friday morning and poultry birds and ducks were culled in adjoining villages too,\" Swapan Saha, secretary of the animal resources development department said. To stop the spread of bird flu, the state government on the advice of the Centre ordered culling within three km radius of the area, an official said.14 rapid response teams, which included veterinary doctors, were formed to undertake the culling. The official said an amount of Rs 40 will be paid for each of the culled birds to its owners.Bhopal-based High Security Animal Disease Laboratory (HSADL) earlier confirmed the presence of H5N1 virus in the blood samples of some dead birds sent to them. An official said chief secretary Dr S K Panda held a high level meeting at the civil secretariat on the issue.\"The BSF has also been put on alert to check the entry of ducks and birds from Bangladesh ,\" the official said. The state was first hit by bird flu in 2008 when 50,000 birds were culled at Dhalai district and neighbouring areas.According to official reports, Bijoy Lakshmi Das, joint director of the department of health, Cachar, on Thursday formed a district-level rapid action squad comprising health, veterinary, forest and civil administration officials in Silchar to stop any outbreak of bird flu in this part of Assam. Das said such Rapid Action Squads should immediately be formed in all the subdivisions and blocks of Cachar district.No poultry products will also be allowed to move into Barak Valley from Meghalaya and Tripura. The check gates at Digorkhal in the Assam-Meghalaya border and Churaibari in the Assam-Tripura border along NH-44 have been alerted so that no poultry products can enter Assam from the bird flu-affected states.However, there have been no incidents of avian influenza in Barak Valley. In Garo Hills, 498 households having poultry were disinfected, East Garo Hills deputy commissioner, Pavin Bakshi told TOI on Friday. The DC further informed that 6,538 eggs were destroyed and thousands of chickens culled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11657425", "title": "HIV helpline will hear TB patients", "text": "MUMBAI: The city's HIV helpline, Saadhan (2411 4000), will be used to disseminate information about TB as well. With one XXDR (extra extensively drug resistant) TB patient testing positive for HIV, health officials thought it logical to club the information system for both infections.Dr S S Kudalkar, project director, Mumbai District Aids Control Society (MDACS), said, \"The helpline will be later extended even to malaria. People will get information right from symptoms to treatment to testing centres.\"The MDACS is in talks with the World Health Organization (WHO) to prepare a module for helpline counsellors. Their training is likely to start in February. The helpline would be opened for TB queries in March.MDACS's additional project director Dr Harish Pathak said Saadhan gets an average of 30 calls per day and about 120 calls on disease campaign days. \"Presently, the helpline is used just 30-40% of its capacity. So we thought of utilizing it for TB as well.\"Once the helpline starts, judging by its response, the National AIDS Control Organization (Naco) can be requested to increase the existing strength of four counsellors, Pathak said. \"The helpline will also counsel patients about the importance of going for TB testing if they test positive for HIV and vice versa.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11661476", "title": "Nine-day mahamasthakabhisheka to Bahubali starts today", "text": "MANGALORE: The nine-day mahamasthakabhisheka event, which marks the anointing of Lord Bahubali after 12 years at Venur from Saturday, will not only provide spiritual solace to the religiously inclined, but the socio-cultural spread in terms of seminars, entertainment and cultural programmes will treat art lovers as well as the religious literary buffs.What is commendable is the fact that the mahamasthakabhisheka provides a platform for local artistes as all performers are from this coastal region.The inauguration of this mega event will be at the hands of chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda on Saturday at 3.30 pm. The most notable feature of this event is that it is the only mahamasthakabhisheka wherein a successor of Ajila Dynasty - which erected the Bahubali in 1604 AD - Dr Padmaprasad Ajila, will guide religious activities and he is also the president of the reception committee. The president of the committee is D. Veerendra Heggade, Dharmadhikari, Sri Kshetra Dharmasthala.The festivities will also see the presence of three elderly Jain digambara Munis, nine Ariga mathas 14 Bhattarakas and other top Jain leaders.Ashok Jain, secretary of the Bhagavan Shri Bahubali Swami Mahamasthakabhisheka Committee, says that on the first four days the expected crowd for the event would be between 10,000-20,000, which will cross 30,000- 40,000 on the last days of the event.``We expect the total numbers crossing one lakh mark during the nine day festivities,'' he said.Mahamasthakabhisheka Committee Executive President V Dhananjaya Kumar says they expected the last day's attendance to cross a lakh. ``There is enough space available for all devotees and others who want to witness the event even outside the main areas,'' he said. The event cost is pegged at Rs 1.5 crore. ``We have almost reached the target as far as funds are collected mostly through donations for kalasa and from `poshaks,'' added Kumar.One of the highlights of the event will be ``pusphavristhi'' (showering of flowers) by a helicopter. ``It's not on till now. We definitely want it. We will talk to Chief Minister to spare a helicopter on one of the days for the event,'' said Kumar.On Thursday, the `ole muhurat' was conducted marking the opening of the kitchen to serve the guests and devotees. Understanding the present day needs, the organizers have made arrangement for buffet system for meals as also serving in two separate pandals. Each pandal can cater to 1,000 (serving type) to 2,000 (buffet type) people at a time, saysPremkumar Hosmar, chief coordinator and Ashok Kumar, coordinator of the Food Committee. ``We are ready with a 10,000 sq ft kitchen where 70 cooks will prepare meals, with three chefs.Kumar says that after the nine day festivities, the scaffolding will not be removed till monsoons and Jains from others centres can come and perform abhishekha for Lord Bahubali and clarified that only Jains will be allowed to perform this ritual to Bahubali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11658369", "title": "One-stop zone for I-T returns", "text": "BANGALORE: Now, you needn't stand in serpentine queues to file your income-tax returns.Following the success of Passport Seva Kendras, Aayakar Seva Kendras (ASK) have been set up to help applicants to file their returns easily. ASK is a single-window system for registration of all taxpayer applications and returns.IT applications (income-tax returns) at these ASKs can be filed in person as well as dropped in the box at the kiosk. The system will generate a unique acknowledgement number on the spot for the taxpayer. In future, ASKs will facilitate e-access for taxpayers to file applications online. It will have a kiosk, an ATM counter and two tax return preparers as well.\"The taxpayer will be able to monitor status of her/his applications and returns; information on resolution of requested services can be obtained too,\" said ML Agrawall, chief commissioner, income tax, Bangalore-I.Two other kendras will come up in Hubli and Mangalore by the end of this financial year. The fourth ASK will be at Panaji (Goa comes under Bangalore I-T jurisdiction).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11658787", "title": "Slap remark quoted out of context, an attempt to defame me: Anna", "text": "PUNE: Social crusader Anna Hazare on Friday alleged a conspiracy by politicians to defame him by implying that he advocated a tight slap for the corrupt. He said that his reaction to a Hindi film 'Gali gali me chor', was being quoted out of context to show that, despite being a Gandhian he supported violence.In a statement on his blog, Hazare said politicians perceived his anti-corruption crusade as a threat and wanted to discredit the movement by spreading lies in the hope that his crusade would fizzle out. \"But such a conspiracy will not have an effect on my movement. I was unable to tour the five states going to the polls, because of ill health but I will tour the country before the 2014 Lok Sabha election and make voters aware. I will prepare for the long battle against corruption which we have to fight,\" he said.Hazare explained what he actually said about slapping the corrupt and in which context. \"Though I don't watch films, the producers of 'Gali gali me chor' wanted to screen their film for me as it was on the theme of corruption. The film showed how the police and politicians joined hands to harass a family that was fighting against corruption and how the head of the family gives a tight slap to the policeman and politician, when things become unbearable,\" Hazare said. He said that after watching the film he was asked to give a reaction and he said that when things become unbearable, what other option did a man have other than giving a tight slap.\"That does not mean that I have given a message to people to slap others. During the 30 years of my movement against corruption I have not slapped anybody. Why would I suddenly want to encourage violence four months after the August 16 agitation, when thousands of people took to the streets in a most peaceful manner, demanding an end to corruption?\" Hazare asked.He said that it was unfortunate that the media was projecting his reaction to the film as if he had advocated slapping the corrupt. \"During my battle against corruption, politicians tried to defame me, they sent me to jail and behaved badly with me but I never slapped anybody, nor have I incited people to slap others. Six corrupt ministers and 400 bureaucrats who had to resign because of my fight against corruption harassed me in several ways, but I did not slap any of them,\" he added.He said there would be no talk of slapping the corrupt, even when he sets out to tour the country after he is better. \"However, I will surely explain to people the truth behind my rumoured advice to deliver a slap. I will use it as an example to show how attempts to defame a person can be made,\" Hazare said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11659090", "title": "Lage Raho at book fair", "text": "KOLKATA: If you wish to experience what Sanjay Dutt did in Lage Raho Munna Bhai, just visit the American pavilion at the Kolkata Book Fair. Just sit down and get yourself photographed on the flagstone paved walkway before the pavilion. Lo and behold! There is Gandhiji seated right next to you, as though in animated conversation.There's no Mr India donning the Gandhi suit. And there certainly isn't any conventional magician doing any mumbo-jumbo. There's a magician of a different kind at work-a painter who makes objects appear out of nowhere when viewed through the lens.Tracy Lee Stum, an internationally recognized American streetpainter specializing in interactive three-dimensional chalk art street paintings, is weaving her magic at the book fair. Stum currently holds the Guinness World Record for the largest street painting by an individual. The 35ftx17ft recreation of Leonardo da Vinci's Last Supper at New York took all of three weeks to complete.A visionary and master in the chalk art world, Strum is creating a 3D image of Gandhi seated on the right page of an open book in front of the American Pavilion. Once the painting is completed by Saturday afternoon, viewers can take turns to sit on the left page. When photographed or viewed through the lens, he would appear to be in conversation with the Mahatma.\"It is the art of anamorphic projection that I stumbled upon in California 16 years ago. The art is popular in the US and Europe and comes in handy for fund raising events. When I paint, I want the viewer to be part of the painting, interacting with it and not just viewing it from a distance,\" she said.Strum uses 50-75 chalks, mostly made by herself, to render shadows and highlights to make the image appear as a projection. The more common 3D steet paintings create an illusion of a depression or hole in the ground.Though Strum's works often stretch for days and is painstaking, she says she does not feel bad when it is wiped out in a matter of minutes. \"There are many times when a dash of rain has wiped out hours of work. It doesn't matter because I am not very attached to the work once it is over. As corny as it sounds, the street painting is a metaphor for letting go in life,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11658460", "title": "Cops bust arms racket before poll", "text": "LUCKNOW: Police on Friday busted a major firearms racket in Lucknow and recovered over a dozen country-made firearms of different bores including a carbine and a 9 mm pistol from a native of Fatehpur district. The accused, who has a host of criminal cases pending against him including dacoity, murder and robbery, told the police that the seized firearms were to be to be delivered to a block pramukh of an adjoining district apart from two other individuals.In all, the police recovered 50 live cartridges of various bores, apart from 11 country-made single shot pistols of 315 bore and one that of 12 bore. Police also recovered a stein gun and a 9 mm pistol. Though all the firearms were country-made, the stein gun and 9 mm pistol were of exceptionally high quality. Lucknow district police chief DIG DK Thakur said, \"The arrest and recovery followed a specific tip-off about the movement of a cache of illegal firearms that were to be used possibly during the assembly election.\"Lucknow district police chief DIG DK Thakur said, \"The arrest and recovery followed a specific tip-off about the movement of a sachet of illegal firearms that were to be used possibly during the assembly election\".On the basis of the tip-off, three different police teams were put on surveillance to keep a watch on the movements of suspicious looking man residing under Krishna Nagar police station.Commenting about the seized firearms, additional superintendent of police (ASP) City (East) Vijay Bhushan who supervised the entire operation, said, \"They were as good as any of the factory-made firearms that we had recovered during our service.At the first glance, it would have been difficult for a layman to differentiate these country-made weapons from the genuine ones.\"During interrogation, Kuldeep gave information about the people who manufacture these weapons and others involved in the crime. About the cost of the weapons, Kuldeep told the investigators that the country-made 315 bore single shot pistols were sold for around Rs 10,000 depending upon the urgency and paying capacity of the customer. The seized 99 mm pistol had a market price of Rs 20,000 to Rs 30,000 and the stein gun had a price tag of Rs 40,000 to Rs 50,000.According to police, Kuldeep usually did not entertain the first timers until and unless they were referred by any of his well known contacts.Though investigators were tight-lipped about the possibility of the firearms being used during the election, sources said that police teams are on the look out for a block pramukh from a neighbouring district, who had allegedly ordered some of the weapons that were seized by the police.UP Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "11657445", "title": "45-yr-old found murdered in Ponda flat", "text": "PONDA: Subhash Gyanmutti, 45, a native of Kerala, was found murdered in his rented flat at Bazarmol, Ponda, on Friday. The stabbed body was in the initial stages of decomposition leaving police to suspect the centering contractor could have been killed two days ago. The postmortem is scheduled for Saturday.Gyanmutti was living with his aged, partially-paralyzed mother. She told police that she asked neighbours to call an ambulance after her son, whose wife had left him about eight years ago, refused to come out of his room. She added that he would sometimes get drunk and sleep for two days or more. Neighbours said Gyanmutti had a spat with a person about two days ago. Police suspect he could have been killed in revenge. No arrests have been made yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11658607", "title": "Strategy will make solar power idea click", "text": "The government's move to make installation of solar panels mandatory on new houses will be a success only if there is a well drawn out strategy to implement this green effort.Energy minister Shobha Karandlaje had on Thursday said that all new constructions across the state must compulsorily install solar panels to cope with the state's power crisis.Magsaysay award winner and managing director of Selco H Harish Hande, who's been spearheading the solar power movement, said, \"Solar water heating reduces load on the grid and also consumers' electricity bills. The most economical and efficient use of solar energy is for water heating.\"First chairman of the Central Electricity Regulatory Commission (CERC) SL Rao said it needs political will to convince people to install solar water heaters compulsorily. \"Political parties should first get a consensus over the issue of such directives. The minister should educate the common man on how solar power is the need of the hour. Despite the investment of Rs 3,000 crore to generate and transmit quality power, the state's energy crisis does not seem to end,\" said Rao.Another energy expert, MG Prabhakar, said it is a good move but people wouldn't like to be burdened with additional investments. \"It depends on the direction the roof faces; if the roof faces north or south, solar panels get less hours of direct sunlight. The storage facility, like having a battery, adds to the person's investments, which will obviously enrage the public against the government,\" he said.Experts said the government should show the way. \"The government should set the precedent by installing solar water heaters, energy panels and pre-paid meters in its buildings, hospitals, municipalities and community centres to see the benefits from the investments, and then speak of implementation.\" He also suggested that all these policies can be thought about once the tariff of solar energy falls.\"Presently, solar power costs Rs72 per watt, but if they wait for another 12-18 months, the solar tariff will crash to Rs 50 per watt.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11658969", "title": "All Harbour line trains to get 12 coaches", "text": "MUMBAI: In an important development , the cabinet subcommittee on infrastructure has cleared the proposal to convert all nine-car trains into 12-car ones on the Harbour line. This will increase the passenger-carrying capacity by 33%.A senior official said, \"The cabinet sub-committee gave its approval a couple of days ago. It is a forward-moving development, considering that 12-car trains are going to become a necessity on the Harbour line. The project may find a mention in the railway budget.\"According to estimates, passenger growth on the Harbour Line stood at 10% per annum as against 3% registered by the Main line of Central Railway as well as the Western Railway.The total number of services on CR is 1,573, which also includes 208 services on the Thane-Vashi-Nerul-Panvel- Trans-Harbour route. As many as 580 services are on Harbour line, of which 172 services operate between CST and Bandra, and CST and Andheri.As of now, all the 785 services on the Main line of the Central Railway have been converted into 12 cars. Western Railway has also assured that their services will be converted to 12 cars by March-April .\"In anticipation of the project getting a mention in the railway budget, Mumbai Railway Vikas Corporation (MRVC) has already begun preparing the layout of the stations whose platforms will have to undergo modification to accommodate 12-car trains.By carrying out the process at this stage, MRVC will be well-prepared to issue tenders as soon as the budgetary approval comes in. The process will be complete in less than two months.\" MRVC expects to complete the project in three years once work begins on the ground.Total work on this project, including augmentation of the existing nine-car fleet to 12 cars, is estimated to cost Rs 800 crore. Apart from increasing the length of the platforms, the railway will also have to make changes in the location of signals , besides altering the overhead equipment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "bellary", "code": "11661429", "title": "Hampi Utsav '12 is in limbo", "text": "BELLARY: Locals who were looking forward to the annual three-day Hampi Utsav from January 27-29, have been left disappointed. The government has not evinced any interest in continuing with the festival.The Reddy brothers have been instrumental in organizing the festival for the past three years.Last year's grand utsav in January, coincided with the 500th year celebration of the coronation of King Krishnadevaraya of the Vijayanagara kingdom. But with the fallout of the Reddy brothers, the district is yet to find a representative to take on the responsibility of organizing the festival.One of the reasons for the postponement of the festival is said to be the prevailing drought situation. DC Amlan Aditya Biswas said that he has sent a proposal to the government seeking postponement of the festival as those who have been displaced from the 'saalu mantaps' at Hampi are being relocated to Kaddi Ramapura as directed by the high court. They have been given a month to be rehabilitated, and the process is underway.The government, he added has not responded to his letter seeking details of the festival for this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11661622", "title": "German Orchestra play A R Rahman's fine works", "text": "For music aficionados and fans of the Mozart of Madras, Thursday evening was something not to be missed.For, the German Film Orchestra Babelsberg's Classic Incantations played out some of the not-so-often heard fine works of A R Rahman, much to the delight of the audience present. While the thematic pieces from Lagaan and Elizabeth: The Golden Age won much appreciation from the audience, the rendition of popular tunes from Roja and Endhiran had the crowd applauding and asking for more. While Superstar Rajinikanth and A R Rahman himself were the cynosure of all eyes, there were several celebs present to enjoy the music. And needless to say, they were awestruck by the experience!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11658064", "title": "Cops conduct mock drill at Andheri lodge", "text": "MUMBAI: D N Nagar police conducted a mock drill at a lodge in Andheri on Friday, trying to enact a hostage-and-terror situation.The police along with the Quick Response Team (QRT) raided the lodge. People inside were caught unawares. Policemen 'shot dead' one terrorist and caught two others. But locals panicked assuming that a real terror operation was in progress. Traffic movement was not disrupted, though the police had started to divert traffic to an alternative road just before the mock drill.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11661475", "title": "Corrupt politicians should be jailed, says Rajesh Khanna", "text": "Fondly called 'Kaka' by his fans, veteran Bollywood actor Rajesh Khanna, who is leading the Congress charge in his birth place Amritsar, today said those found guilty of corruption should be barred from politics for life.Corrupt politicians, irrespective of which party they belong to, should be taken to task or jailed when they are caught embezzling public funds and thereafter should be barred from politics for life, he said.The 69-year-old, who is here to campaign for the Congress, said, \"I always observe my strong birth roots in the pious land of Amritsar and would always prefer to spend maximum time here.\"Asked why he did not take Congress high command's offer in 2009 to contest elections from Amritsar, Khanna said, \"I would never like to ditch my own people with hollow promises like other politicians. I am of the opinion that when you are not able to serve the masses then don't make fake promises to them since these are the sins.\"Khanna was a Congress MP from Delhi between 1991 and 1996.He attacked Bollywood colleague and former BJP MP from Gurdaspur, Vinod Khanna , saying, \"Vinod Khanna had made bundle of promises with the voters in Gurdaspur including that he would set up a film academy but never honoured his words. The voters threw him out.\"On Bollywood celebrities taking to politics, Khanna said, \"Film stars are crowd pullers as a reason, political parties prefer to use them in the elections.\"He claimed that when he was MP from Delhi, he worked \"full time as a politician\".Khanna described cricketer-turned-politician and BJP MP from Amritsar Navjot Singh Sidhu as a \"good comedian\", but said that he could never be a good politician, \"as politics was not comedy\".Talking about the 2007 general assembly elections in the state when Congress was defeated by SAD-BJP, Rajesh Khanna said that Congress had learnt its lesson.He said the party knew that it was thrown out of power since it failed to ensure development in Punjab.This time Congress party would bring a sea of development in the state, he said.Launching a scathing attack on present SAD-BJP government in Punjab, Khanna accused them for poor governance.He alleged that SAD/BJP had misused funds disbursed by the UPA Government, which resulted in poor infrastructure in health and education departments in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "11661059", "title": "Patan village celebrates maiden Republic Day", "text": "PALANPUR: Republic Day celebration in the remote Dhinoj village of Patan district turned out to be historic as it was function of illiterate and semi-literates who had for the first time realized the importance of Indian Constitution.Director of Schools R S Shekawat said that it was for the first time that women spared time from agricultural activities for the national function.A noted Gujarati litterateur and chief guest Keshubhai Desai was taken aback to see over 100 village women not only attending the function, but enjoying the cultural programmes staged by their wards.\"It was for the first time that people gathered at the village panchayat and schools in Dhinoj to hoist the flag making an effort to understand the significance of Constitution and makers of the new India,\" a villager Amaben Chaudhri said.It was our aspiration to rope in the women in the national programme, which had largely been remained up to the school going children, she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11658738", "title": "Min temperature dips to 10.9\u00b0C", "text": "PUNE: After a brief spell of warmer nights, Puneites can now expect it to get colder.The minimum temperature, which fell from 13.5 degrees Celsius on Wednesday to 10.9 degrees Celsius on Friday, is likely to fall further, say officials at the India Meteorological Department (IMD).\"We expect a slight fall in the minimum temperatures in the next two or three days,\" said Medha Khole, IMD's deputy director general (weather central), while speaking to TOI on Friday.The drop in temperature has mostly to do with local conditions, she said. \"The cloudiness that prevailed for the last two to three days had led to a rise in temperature. However, the condition no longer exists,\" she said.\"Increased temperatures were also due to the interaction between the westerly waves and the enhanced easterly amplitudes,\" Khole pointed out. This interaction has since moved to Chhattisgarh and neighbouring areas, she said.The western disturbance as an upper cyclonic circulation too has moved over north Pakistan and adjoining Jammu and Kashmir. \"The moving away of the western disturbance usually leads to a fall in temperature,\" said Khole.After remaining below normal for most part of January, the minimum temperature on January 22 was 11.2 degrees Celsius, normal for this time of year. By January 23 and 24, however, it rose 13.8 degrees C, 3 degrees above normal.There has been no major change in the maximum temperature, which was recorded at 30.7 degrees Celsius on Friday, 1 degree Celsius below normal for this time of year.Elsewhere in the state, minimum temperatures were appreciably below normal, i.e. a difference of 3 to 4 degrees Celsius from the normal mark, in the Konkan and Goa region.The same were below normal (a difference of 2 degrees Celsius from the normal mark) in the central Maharashtra belt between Jalgaon/Nashik in the north and Kolhapur down south with Pune at the centre. Minimum temperatures were above normal in Marathwada and Vidarbha regions.Nashik recorded the state's lowest temperature on Friday at 9.4 degrees Celsius, which was 2 degrees Celsius below normal. Ahmednagar was second lowest at 10.4 degrees Celsius (-3) while Mahabaleshwar recorded 13.3 degrees Celsius (-1). Jalgaon recorded 14.2 degrees Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11659008", "title": "Tongues wag as Pichad claims another NCP coup", "text": "MUMBAI: A week after Shiv Sena Lok Sabha member from Thane, Anand Paranjpe, made a dramatic appearance at NCP president and Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar's impromptu media briefing , state NCP president Madhukar Pichad dropped another bombshell on Friday, saying an Independent MP who is president of a state-level organization would join the party on Saturday.Pichad told a large NCP rally at Sangli , hometown of home minister R R Patil and rural development minister Jayant Patil, \"A member of the Lok Sabha, who is also president of an organization , will join the NCP on Saturday in the presence of deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar.\"Pichad's statement caused a flutter in political circles, with even senior NCP leaders expressing doubts over whether a sitting MP would join the party. \"We are not sure. Prima facie it appears to be a slip of the tongue. He probably wanted to say that a former MP would join the NCP,\" said a senior NCP leader.Sources said that if a sitting MP was referred to, then Pichad's statement indicated Hatkanngale MP Raju Shetty or Dahanu MP Balasaheb Jadhav. Both head state-level organizations. Shetty, a former activist of the Shetkari Sanghatana , has floated his own party, Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatana, and contested the 2009 Lok Sabha elections. He defeated NCP nominee Nivedita Mane. A month ago, Shetty had marched to Baramati, hometown of Sharad Pawar , to demand a better deal for sugarcane growers.However, both Shetty and Jadhav have denied any move to join the NCP. \"Shetty and Jadhav have already denied any proposal to join the NCP,\" the NCP leader said.If not Shetty or Jadhav, then the question is who was Pichad referring to? While Pichad and Pawar were unavailable for comment, a senior NCP minister said a former Shiv Sena MP could join the NCP in the presence of Ajit Pawar.Ever since Paranjpe gave a jolt to the saffron combine, the Sena has been drafting a strategy to halt defections.\"It was a shocker for the Sena. We never expected Paranjpe to shift loyalties in such a manner. We are monitoring the activities of all MPs and MLAs. We are in constant touch with them and are sure there will be no fresh embarrassment ,'' a senior Sena leader said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11656456", "title": "Trials delayed as another two SIT prosecutors quit", "text": "AHMEDABAD: More special prosecutors have quit the Supreme Court-appointed special investigation team (SIT) and withdrawn from the process of grilling the 2002 riots accused during trial before special courts.According to sources from SIT, advocates Ajay Choksi and Vaibhav Vyas have tendered their resignations from all cases they had been handling on behalf of SIT. Choksi and his junior Vyas were looking after the trials of the Naroda Gam case as well as the killings of British nationals in Sabarkantha. Besides, Choksi was special prosecutor representing SIT in all its cases in the Gujarat high court.With Choksi and Vyas quitting, this is the fifth pair of special prosecutors that has withdrawn from representing the high-profile investigation agency founded by the apex court to probe and prosecute nine sensitive cases, including the Godhra train burning case.Advocate Vyas said that they have quit because of purely personal reasons. \"Advocate Choksi is not able to spare much time for SIT matters due to his personal engagements,\" he said.With the lawyers exit from the cases, the trials are likely to be delayed further. The trial in the NRI killing case in Himmatnagar court is pending at the stage of recording evidence. The proceedings have already been delayed for more than six months for the purpose of examining two British envoys. Moreover, the court hearing the Naroda Gam case is recording evidence for more than two and a half years. The case was also slightly delayed following exit of the earlier special prosecutor.The first departure from SIT's legal wing was by senior counsel R K Shah and Naina Bhatt, who were appointed in the trial of the Gulbarg Society massacre. Both the lawyers left amid controversy and expressed discontent with the prosecuting agency, particularly blaming SIT for its apathy.While the Gulbarg case controversy was going on, special prosecutor Nigam Shukla and his two assistants left the job of representing SIT in Naroda Gam case in 2010. By this time, the issue regarding dissatisfaction on part of prosecutors had reached the SC, which expressed shock over the development.After advocate Shukla's exit, Choksi and Vyas were appointed as special prosecutors in Naroda Gam case. Apart from prosecutors in Gulbarg, the special prosecutors in the Dipda Darwaja and Ode town massacres have also quit SIT cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "11655245", "title": "Five die, nine injured in truck-taxi collision", "text": "AMRAVATI: Five persons died while nine were hurt when a truck and a taxi collided head-on on Asegaon-Amravati road on Friday.According to reports, names of the deceased are Sandeep More, taxi driver and a resident of Borgaon Peth, Ashfaque Ayub, Rijwan Parwen, I Khan and Saiyyad Farukh Saiyyad Hasan, from Nagpuri Gate.Those who were injured included Riyasut Bi Shaikh Majid, Jawed Khan Bismilla Khan, Uttam Jawanjal, Azad Mujahid Habib Siddiki, Najim Ahamad Rahim, Shaukat Taslim Hussain, Rajesh Thakare and Hussain Isaris.The truck (MP23/D 6067) was heading towards Amravati from Paratwada while taxi (MH27/Q 5645) carrying 14 passengers was going to Paratwada.Near Sairatna Bar on Asegaon-Amravati road, the truck rammed the taxi in which five persons were killed. The injured were rushed to District General Hospital at Amravati.Truck driver Shaukat Hussain Taslim Hussain is among the injured and is recuperating. Police are investigating the matter. It was learnt that steering of the truck malfunctioned, so the driver lost control over the vehicle and rammed the speeding taxi from the opposite direction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "seoul", "code": "11662609", "title": "Samsung keeps pace with Apple in smartphone war", "text": "SEOUL: Samsung Electronics Co jumped to a record in Seoul trading after surging smartphone sales boosted profit and helped Asia's largest consumer-electrics company keep pace with Apple Inc.Fourth-quarter net income rose 17% to 4 trillion won ($3.6 billion), from 3.42 trillion won a year earlier, the Suwon, South Korea-based company said in a statement. The average of 28 analyst estimates compiled by Bloomberg was 3.99 trillion won. Sales rose 13% to 47.3 trillion won, in line with a preliminary estimate announced January 6.Samsung shipped more smartphones last year than Apple did iPhones, with the popularity of its Galaxy models helping the Korean company sell a record 300 million handsets. Samsung, whose parent group plans a record investment this year, is introducing more phones and tablet computers to cushion slumping profits at its liquid-crystal display business amid a global economic slowdown.\"They have such a good product line from top to bottom,\" said Kim Chang Yeul, a Seoul-based analyst at Mirae Asset Securities. \"The economic slowdown won't be much of an issue for their phone sales. Only Samsung and Apple phones are selling these days.\"Smartphone sales Operating profit was 5.3 trillion won, in line with the company's preliminary estimate of 5.2 trillion won. Full-year net income fell 15 percent to 13.7 trillion won, while sales climbed 6.7% to a record 165 trillion won.Samsung rose 1.1% to a record 1,125,000 won at the close in Seoul trading, and was the main contributor to the benchmark Kospi index's 0.4% gain. The stock has gained 13 per cent in the past 12 months, while the Kospi has lost 7.1%.Samsung was the top smartphone seller in 2011, more than doubling its market share to 19.9 per cent, though Apple sold more handsets in the fourth quarter, Strategy Analytics said today.Apple had a 19% share last year after selling 37 million iPhones in the three months ending in December, compared with Samsung's 36.5 million. Apple said this week that its quarterly profit more than doubled to $13.1 billion.Sales quadrupled Samsung's smartphone sales in 2011 more than quadrupled from the year before, according to Boston-based Strategy Analytics, generating record operating profit and revenue at the telecommunications division. Profit at the business jumped 79 percent to 2.64 trillion won in the fourth quarter.The company plans to offer more phones and tablets this year and is reviewing \"various options\" for deciding when to unveil the next version of its best-selling Galaxy phone, Lee Young Hee, a senior vice president at the telecommunications business, said on a conference call today.Sales of the Galaxy S II, which began in May, surpassed 10 million units quicker than any other Samsung mobile device, the company said in December. The phones use Google Inc.'s Android operating system. \"In smartphones, the whole competition boils down to Apple and Samsung now,\" said Lee Jin Woo, a fund manager at Seoul- based KTB Asset Management Co.Capital expenditures Samsung will spend 25 trillion won this year in capital expenditures, including 15 trillion won in the chip business and 6.6 trillion won in the panel business, as it seeks to widen its lead over rivals.Profit at the semiconductor division rose 29% to 2.31 trillion won on sales of 9.17 trillion won. The unit's operating profit compares with the 1.6 trillion-won median of the four analyst estimates. \"We have strong momentum going into 2012,\" Robert Yi, senior vice president for investor relations, said today.Samsung is faring better than its rivals amid an industry downturn because of its diversification into specialty chips for mobile devices, analysts said. Shipments of smartphone DRAM probably more than doubled last year from 2010, according to an October forecast by researcher IHS iSuppli.The price of the benchmark DDR3 2-gigabit DRAM slumped by 51 percent last year amid slowing personal-computer sales, according to data from Taipei-based Dramexchange Technology Inc., operator of Asia's largest spot market for semiconductors.Panel losses PC shipments in the US declined for the first time in a decade last year, said research firm IDC.Samsung's display division, which makes flat panels for TVs and computer monitors, had an operating loss of 220 billion won, compared with an operating profit of 100 billion won a year earlier, the company said. Revenue climbed 19% to 8.55 trillion won.The average selling price of Samsung's flat-screen panels dropped 21% in 2011 amid stagnating TV sales. Global LCD TV shipments probably were 206 million units last year, falling short of an earlier projection of 211 million units, according to research company DisplaySearch.LG Display , Samsung's closest competitor in flat panels, on Friday reported a fourth-quarter loss of 6.3 billion won.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11658658", "title": "Bopaiah should quit, he'll make guv blush: Cong", "text": "BANGALORE: In the wake of the Supreme Court passing strictures on Speaker KG Bopaiah with regard to the disqualification of five Independent MLAs whose membership was restored by court, the Congress on Friday demanded his resignation. Party members said it was to avoid embarrassment to governor HR Bhardwaj, who will address the joint legislature session on January 30.Opposition leader Siddaramaiah maintained that Bopaiah should resign from his post so the governor does not face the embarrassment of sitting next to him. \"By passing the disqualification order, the Speaker had ensured the survival of the then Yeddyurappa government,'' he told reporters here.Asked what would be the Congress action plan inside and outside the House if Bopaiah declines to resign, Siddaramaiah said there was little the Opposition could do as it is a constitutional post. \"We cannot ask the governor not to sit next to him or refuse to address the joint session. If we boycott the House, which the BJP wants, it will adjourn the House,'' he added.On the notice seeking the Speaker's removal, Siddaramaiah said their no-confidence motion cannot be taken up in the upcoming session as rules stipulate there should be a 14-day gap after it is served to be taken up. The session is expected to last 10 days.Supporting Bhardwaj's action of not appointing Justice SR Bannurmath as Lokayukta, Siddaramaiah said: \"Justice Bannurmath is not a unanimous choice, as claimed by chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda. The government did not convene a meeting of the panel. We had suggested some other candidate.''What the SC order saidAs a follow-up to an interim direction in May 2011 on the issue of disqualification of five independent MLAs in Karnataka, the Supreme Court on January 25 criticized the Speaker for acting in a mala fide manner due to \"obvious\" political reasons. A bench of Justices Altamas Kabir and Cyriac Joseph said the Speaker's order of October 10, 2010, disqualifying 11 BJP and five Independent MLAs, was taken in \"undue haste\". It was done a day before the then chief minister BS Yeddyurappa faced the crucial trust vote.Stating that the reason for passing such an order by the Speaker was \"obvious\", the 97-page verdict said: \"We hold the Speaker's order is vitiated by mala fides. Unless it was to ensure that the trust vote did not go against the CM, there was hardly any reason for Bopaiah to have taken up the disqualification applications in such great haste.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11658022", "title": "8 archaeologiststo be feted today", "text": "PATNA: Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) has decided to organize year-long national-level celebrations throughout the country to mark the occasion of its 150{+t}{+h} anniversary. The national-level function was inaugurated in Delhi on January 20 by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh .The regional centres of ASI are also celebrating the anniversary. ASI, Patna circle, is organizing its inaugural function here at the AN Sinha Institute of Social Studies on Saturday.Bihar governor Devanand Konwar will inaugurate the function. Culture minister Sukhda Pandey would be the guest of honour. On this occasion, eight eminent archaeologists, including B S Verma, B K Sharan, B Nath, D P Sinha, B S Jha, S K Chaudhary, R K Sinha and A N Roy will be felicitated for their valuable contribution in the field of archaeology.A 'special cover' designed with centrally protected monuments under the jurisdiction of ASI, Patna Circle, and a brochure on 'Vaishali revealing the past' will be released on this occasion. The official website of the excavation branch-III, Patna of ASI will be launched on this occasion. tnnThe superintending archaeologist, ASI, Patna circle, S K Manjul, said the CGM, India Post, Bihar, Uday Krishna, and the joint DG, ASI, C Dorje, would be present on this occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11658200", "title": "Andheri flyover will save 15 minutes", "text": "MUMBAI: Poornima Sanghvi, a Juhu resident, and her family was in for a pleasant surprise when a traffic constable at Juhu galli directed her to take her car straight on the newly-built arm of the flyover to reach the Western Express Highway. Thanks to the code of conduct for civic polls, the northern arm of the Burfiwala flyover for traffic moving from Andheri (W) to East crossing SV Road was opened on Friday without any formal inaugural ceremony. Onlookers clapped when the traffic police removed the barricade to allow vehicles to take the ramp.\"I am happy today. After several years, my minimum waiting time of 15 to 20 minutes at the busy Burfiwala junction will go. The flyover provides for two lanes each up and down to help vehicles reach Tipu Sultan Chowk (Juhu galli) in Andheri (W) from Gokhale Bridge (WEH side) and back unhindered. The Burfiwala flyover will helpmore than 70,000 vehicles to travel between east and west of Andheri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11657725", "title": "Poll-related violence raises ugly face in state", "text": "PANAJI: The house of Fr Bismarque Dias, independent candidate from Cumbharjua constituency, was attacked Thursday night. A complaint of criminal intimidation, assault, trespass, damage to property and election conspiracy has been lodged. Dias lives in St Estevam.Narrating the sequence of events, Dias said, \"I went to sleep at around 11.30pm on the first floor of my house. At around 1.30am, my sister-in-law came and woke me up, informing me of the attack. I went down and heard our front door rattling and heard aggressive voices saying 'you want to sit for elections, we will finish you'. When we switched on the lights and opened the door the miscreants, who had destroyed our vases and plants, ran away.\"Panaji DySP Gajanand Prabhudessai said, \"We received a complaint Friday evening from Fr Bismarque Dias. We are registering the offence. Security will be maintained in and around the house.\"Panaji: Setting the tone for a pitched electoral battle, independent candidate from Cumbharjua Fr Bismarque Dias on Friday termed the attack on his house on Thursday night as \"the death of democracy\".Dias, whose decision to contest surprised many but has largely been welcomed, said he would not be cowed down by the attack and hinted that he has was receiving ample support and encouragement in his electoral quest.He has also asked that Cumbharjua constituency be declared sensitive and sought security until elections. A representation to this effect has been made to the chief electoral officer.\"I am not a politician. I'm here (to work) for the future of Goa,\" Dias, who is contesting under the banner of the Zagrut Goemkarancho Ekvott, said. \"Politicians are scared and this attack shows that their money and muscle power is not working,\" he added.Dias recalled that he had also been threatened by others who whizzed past his house on the day he had declared his candidature.PCF president Prakash Bandodkar said, \"Fr Bismarque has taken a step to work for the people of Goa. Through this act, politicians have shown they are scared.\" He demanded that the police nab those involved within 24 hours.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11658239", "title": "Corpn to buy plastic from residents and use it to relay roads", "text": "CHENNAI: Soon, the corporation will pay residents for the plastic waste generated. At the corporation council meet on Friday, mayor Saidai S Duraisamy said they planned to buy plastic waste from households and use it to re-lay roads.On Wednesday, TOI reported that the corporation's plastic road project was floundering as enough plastic couldn't be collected. The corporation commissioner had expressed concern that the civic body was forced to buy plastic material from the plastic manufacturers association at Rs 20 a kg to use in the bitumen mix for re-laying roads. Nearly a tonne of plastic is required for laying a km of road, sources said.Separately, kuppathotti.com was recently launched in the city to collect plastic waste. \"We launched the website to reduce the piling up of plastic waste. Presently, we buy plastic waste at Rs 9 a kg. The rates will be updated periodically,\" said Joseph Jegan, co-founder. He added that they were collecting about 60 kg of segregated plastic waste a day.Mayor Saidai Duraisamy said all new re-laying of roads will be with plastic waste. \"There are also plans to distribute plastic dustbins to all households. The price of the collected plastic will be determined later,\" he said. Many councillors expressed concern about the piling up of garbage on streets. \"If the civic body collects all plastic waste, how will rag pickers survive,\" asked a councillor.The council also passed a resolution on road-side eateries, making it mandatory for them to register with the civic body. \"Licences will be provided to all road-side eateries whose staff will be provided training. Only certified eateries will be allowed in the future\" the mayor said. The council also introduced 'transferable development rights certificates' that will enable a person whose land has been acquired for development activity to claim a similar measure of land elsewhere in the city. To a question, Duraisamy said there were no plans now to hike taxes in the newly-added wards. \"The tax will be revised, once the basic amenities are provided,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11657331", "title": "The country needs individual super-excellence: CSIR chief", "text": "PANAJI: India does not lack in innovation, as is commonly believed, but needs individual super-excellence for the nation to forge ahead in the race, Council of Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR) director general Samir Brahmachari said. He was speaking at the 24th annual convocation of the Goa University at Taleigao on Friday.\"India went from being an exporter of raw hides to being a leader in fashion leathers. India is the only country where the life expectancy has gone up from 35 to 62 without the per capita income rising, because the cost of medicines was brought down tremendously. I hear of lot of people saying that India lacks in innovation. But I say we have innovation in abundance. What we need is individual super-excellence,\" Brahmachari said.He added that the education system must be flexible to incorporate and exploit new technology. \"Facebook provides a platform that allows students to network with others and learn from one another. Facebook teaches to escape the confines of classrooms to the vastness of cyberspace. In our time, we were restricted in our access,\" he said.Brahmachari said that another advantage for today's youth is that their world is flat with less of the hierarchical structures that characterized the world in his youth.\"Indian students must first and foremost develop self-confidence by coming out of the inferiority complex left by the British colonial rule. The mindset must be one that takes you from being a job seeker to becoming an entrepreneur or job-creator. From being a Facebook user, you must aspire to be a Facebook creator,\" Brahmachari said.He, however, urged students that in their march ahead they should not forget the 'millions who sleep hungry under the stars each day'.GU vice-chancellor Dileep Deobagkar said the difference in funding, facilities for teachers and infrastructure provided to central universities as compared to state universities has and will generate unwanted differences in availability of good faculty in state universities.\"This would affect access to quality of education to majority of students. It is significant to note that 80% of students enrolled in higher education institutions learn at state universities as compared to central and other institutions in the country,\" Deobagkar said.Deobagkar said GU is looking at reinventing itself. \"It is imperative for the university to plan for catering to the educational requirements of people from the rest of the world. Goa certainly has that advantage as well as the capability. Networking between research, industry and academia, as well as sharing faculty with other universities and institutions and incorporation of open distance learning are inevitable in the future.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11661504", "title": "UP assembly elections: Candidates banking on family members", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Most of the candidates are inducting the families in canvassing.Be it wives, siblings , brothers or sisters and other relatives, the family members are evolving ideas too woo voters. It is not possible for every candidate to visit all areas personally, the family members are leaving no stones unturned and trying to cover each and every area.Some of them are delivering impressive speeches, others are busy in door-to-door campaign and meeting the voters personally. These relatives are targeting youth and fairer sex.The wives of the candidates do not hesitate to discuss the favourite TV operas. Apart from this, they also discuss about recipes with women voters and appeal them to cast their franchise in favour of their husbands.Similarly, siblings of the candidates are raising issues related to development. They are appealing youth to cast their votes so that right people could be voted to power. The wards of some candidates are also busy is door-to-door campaign and reminding the people about their responsibility to cast vote in the elections.Pradeep Pandey, a relative of a candidate contesting from city north Assembly constituency said that he goes around appealing voters to cast votes and realise the importance of voting.Special: Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "wardhannapet (warangal)", "code": "11657775", "title": "Woman loses life to clinical trial drug", "text": "WARDHANNAPET (WARANGAL): A 55-year-old tribal woman died after taking drugs for a clinical trial at Donga Chintha Thanda in Wardhannapet mandal in Warangal district on Friday. The incident set off alarm bells once again on the dangerous consequences of trials of this nature involving poor and innocent villagers.Tapawath Chilukamma was bedridden ever since clinical trials related to gynaecology were conducted on her by Axis Clinical Labs. Upon hearing the news of her death, villagers took out a protest rally while youth staged a rasta roko on Wardhannapet-Khammam main road shouting slogans against clinical trials.Sources said Chilukamma was among 10 others who were taken to Hydarabad for conducting the first phase of trials on June 27, 2010. After keeping them there for 10 days and taking blood samples and testing the medicine, the women were sent back. Three women from the group started vomiting and complaining of severe physical pain soon after. Chilukamma was wracked by severe joint pains, dizziness, nausea and chest pains.Their condition never got back to normal and a team of Central Pharmacy Board arrived at the village on June 25, 2011, and enquired with Chilukamma as to what line of experiment was done on her by Axis Lab. Two other women, Rangamma and Ratnamma, who also fell ill are still bedridden. Sources said the lab had promised Rs 8,500 each, but the women were yet to be paid the amount. Relatives and family members staged a dharna with the body of Chilukamma and demanded stringent action against the lab. BC welfare minister Baswaraju Saraiah has directed the district collector to conduct an inquiry into the clinical experiments on the innocent tribals. The villagers gheraoed RDO Sangeetha who visited the thanda and demanded action against the pharma lab.It may be recalled that some 35 women and a few men in Piduguralla in Guntur district were also taken for clinical trials by Axis Lab last year, which earned all-round criticism. In 2009, teenage girls in tribal welfare hostels in Khammam district were given HPV vaccines (to prevent cervical cancer) like Gardasil and Cervarix. It was only after the death of five girls that the clinical trials stopped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "yanam", "code": "11657973", "title": "Looting spree at Yanam ceramic factory", "text": "YANAM: Rioters went berserk in the town as they looted whatever they could lay their hands on, even as the Regency Ceramic Limited factory was burning here on Friday in the aftermath of the death of union leader Murali Mohan in police lathicharge in the morning.More than 500 rioters mingled with the agitators and entered the factory soon after violence broke out, and went on a looting spree. They grabbed ceramic tiles, computers, laptops, electronic devices, iron rods, electric motors and wooden logs from the Regency factory. There was nothing left in the plant except big machinery as the angry workers burnt down the premises. The protesters torched 150 two-wheelers and bicycles parked on the premises.Sources said every looter was seen taking away two or three items from the factory. The looters did not spare the LPG storage godown besides the ceramic plant and carted away some gas cylinders. Most of the people were seen carrying gas cylinders in their hands or on their heads. Sources said the storage godown had almost 300 Bharat gas cylinders at the time of rioting. But all the cylinders disappeared in half an hour.\"The situation was very grave as several unidentified persons torched the factory and looted the plant,\" M Krishna Rao, a resident of Yanam, said. The looting drama continued for more than three-and-a-half hours as no police official was seen at the incident spot and all the security forces ran away from the spot.The looters later targeted the nearby school run by Regency management. They took away computers, chairs and tables from the school. Later, they set the school on fire. Sources said it would take a minimum of one year for the plant management to bring the factory back into shape.Regency Ceramics Limited, the largest exporter of ceramic tiles in India, was formed in collaboration with Welko Indistriale Spa, Italy, another leader in ceramic manufacturing equipment, in 1983. Its chairman G N Naidu, who hails from Rajampet in Kadapa district, set up the company to manufacture 4,000 square metres of tiles every day. It has now become a pioneer in the Indian tiles industry with a daily production exceeding 44,000 square metres with a turnover of Rs 206 crore in 2010-11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "11657495", "title": "Congress yet to respond to Omar's call for campaigning in UP", "text": "SRINAGAR: Having volunteered to campaign for the Congress in upcoming UP polls, Jammu and Kashmir CM Omar Abdullah is still waiting for the Congress high command to accept his services.While Abdullah could be expected to work his appeal with minority voters, Congress has not yet sought the help of National Conference (NC) leaders - Omar and father Farooq Abdullah - in an election where its stakes are high.Congress sources claim that the Abdullahs' stand on Salman Rushdie controversy at the Jaipur Litfest and their position on Armed Forces Special Powers Act (AFSPA) were deterrents for the Congress.The sources said Congress president Sonia Gandhi did not respond to Omar Abdullah's request for joining the campaign in UP when the CM met her on January 5 in New Delhi on completion of three years of his government in J&amp;K.;Congress leaders present at the meeting said Omar asked Sonia about joining the campaign in UP. \"Madam Sonia did not respond to Omar's request ,\" the leader, who wished not be named, said.NC is supporting the Congress-led UPA government at the Centre while the J&K; party is supported by the Congress in the state. Omar's call for campaigning for Congress in UP was to strengthen the ties between Congress and NC in his home state.Omar on January 11 had tweeted that there were more pressing concerns than Rushdie's visit to India . \"I don't think this is an issue that anybody should be concerned with. We are more concerned about day-to-day livelihood issues of Muslims of the country,\" he wrote in his blog.His repeated demand for withdrawal of AFSPA from J&K; has embarrassed Congress as well.The CM's assertion of his demand for removal of the law in his Republic day address further embarrassed local Congress leaders in the Jammu division.A senior Jammu-based Congress leader said, \"We have informed Congress leaders in New Delhi about the way Omar Abdullah is hurting our image in Jammu.\"Assembly elections 2012UP assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11658828", "title": "80-yr-old found dead at Mundhwa residence", "text": "PUNE: An 80-year-old man, Mahadev Kakade, was found dead under mysterious circumstances at his residence in Keshavnagar in Mundhwa on Friday. Kakade lived with his wife and mentally-challenged son. \"He had not been feeling well for 15 days and had been in bed,\" said a neighbour. She said that the neighbours had been providing food to the Kakade family.\"Last week, the son, Keshav, became violent. He beat his mother. For two days, Subhadra stayed elsewhere.\"On Thursday, around 4 pm, Subhadra went to the house but Keshav would not let her enter. \"Subhadra told me that her husband was alive at that time and had asked her for something to drink,\" the neighbour said.On Friday, Subhadra went to the police and sought their help\"Our team went to the house and forced Keshav to open the door,\" said senior inspector Devidas Patil of the Mundhwa police stationThe police found Kakade unconscious on the bed. He was rushed to a nearby hospital but declared dead,\" he said. tnnPatil said that the exact reason behind the death has not been ascertained. \"The viscera has been kept by the hospital authorities for further investigation and we are waiting for the chemical analysis report,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11657463", "title": "Suspect bomber from Pakistan joined Gawli's gym", "text": "MUMBAI: Investigations into the 13/7 serial blasts have revealed that one of the two suspected Pakistani bombers had enrolled himself at a gym set up by gangster-turned-politician Arun Gawli. The bomber, said the police, had paid three months' fee in advance. But the officials refused to reveal his identity.Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS) has seized the Shambu Narayan Trust's gym attendance register and the admission card from which it has got the suspect's photograph. \"Someone else had introduced this person (bomber) to the gym and helped him get admission there. We have recorded the statements of the gym manager and the trainers,\" said ATS chief Rakesh Maria. The bomber, suspected to be Waqqas, had paid the gym Rs 3,700, which included the admission fee and three months' fee. The gym is located at Dagdi Chawl near Byculla station.The police claimed to have learnt the identity of the person who had taken Waqqas to the gym but he is now reportedly absconding. \"The suspected bomber joined the gym on August 10 and worked out there till the last week of October,\" said Maria, adding that the bomber used to go to another gym near the Zaveri Bazar bomb blast site in the evening and worked out at the Dagdi chawl gym in the morning for two hours. \"We don't want to disclose the name that had been given to the gym. He is around 24 years old,\" said Maria. The police are baffled by the suspected bomber's motive behind joining the gym at Dagdi chawl. They are exploring if the CCTV cameras at any of the two gyms had his image.\"The bombs planted at Zaveri Bazar, Opera House and Dadar did not have any shrapnel. It contained explosives like TNT and ammonium nitrate. A report on the metal used to cover the bomb is yet to come,\" added Maria.Accused Naqi Ahmed's elder brother, Taqi, who has been summoned by the ATS for questioning has written to the ATS, saying he had not been able to book a train ticket from New Delhi. Taqi owns a leather bag shop in Delhi. \"Taqi said he could not get a ticket and he was unwell. We have asked him to speak to us at the earliest,\" said Maria.Narco test on Naqi?When asked if blast accused Naqi would be subjected to narco-analysis and brain-mapping, Maria said a decision was yet to be taken. But, he added, they had concrete evidence to prove Naqi's role in the blasts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11655981", "title": "Cotton rates inch up but farmers not enthused", "text": "NAGPUR: Lower than expected supplies took cotton prices beyond 4,000 a quintal mark in the last fortnight. The crop linked with farmers woes in the region had become a political issue last year. Every party raised the banner demanding a hike in the minimum support price (MSP) to at least 6,000 a quintal from 3300 at present.The last fortnight saw a higher demand and insufficient supplies pushing up the prices. Cotton, which was priced at 3700 a quintal, on an average so far is now being quoted at 4,040 a quintal. The best quality is fetching around 4400 and the lowest grade 3800. However, experts and farm activists said this still was not enough to cheer the Vidarbha farmer. Poor yields had disturbed the whole calculation for the region's growers and many had not grown enough to even break even at current rates, they added.Moreover, Friday's session left the traders apprehensive too as the rates of lint (processed cotton) have gone down by 500 at 35,000 a candy (3.56 quintals). This is expected to have a ripple effect on raw cotton prices too.Dr NP Hirani, president of state's cotton marketing federation, said the overall output has been below estimates. \"The estimate of 356 lakh bales throughout the country has come down to 345 bales. In Maharashtra, too, it may come down by 15-20 lakh bales touching 55-60 bales. However, this is not going to bring any cheer for the framers as the yields here have been abysmally low except in Khandesh region. Although growers in Punjab and Gujarat have recorded much better yield,\" he said. Hirani said given the rising cost of production, a rate of 6,000 a quintal alone will leave some surplus with farmers.According to the data compiled by Cotton Corporation of India (CCI), Maharashtra has the second lowest yield at 355 kgs per hectare. This translates to around 1.5 quintals an acre. Karnataka yield is 322 kg a hectare or 1.28 quintals per acre. According to Hirani, a yield of at least 5-6 quintals per acre is needed for the farmer to turn a profit. This doesn't happen here mainly due to lack of irrigation.Kishore Tiwari of Vidarbha Jan Andolan Samiti said even though state government has announced relief package, it was too less to make good the farmers' losses. Under the scheme, a farmer gets 4,000 per hectares with the dole being capped at 8000 per cultivator. \"If the losses are considered, the grant is too less. The only solution is to increase the minimum support prices as market trends only indicate bearish outlook for future,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11660973", "title": "Cong launches its UP website", "text": "VARANASI: While releasing its vision document for UP assembly election, the Congress party also launched its website www.congressforup.org on Friday.The party would be using information technology and social networking to reach out to voters in UP. Ajay Maken, who released the vision document here, said that the main idea behind launching the website is to engage net-savvy youths of UP to know about their needs and aspirations. The website will allow a two-way communication between the Congress party and the voters, he said.UP Assembly Election 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11658142", "title": "Cop who turned in son says he was duty-bound", "text": "CHENNAI: For police head constable Narayana Babu, duty comes first. Babu helped Kancheepuram police arrest his son, 20-year-old Santha Kumar, suspected of murdering J Toulath Nisha, wife of a library assistant at Crescent Engineering College on Tuesday.\"My son had a problem with Nisha who apparently threatened to kill us using black magic. Had my son told me about it, I would have settled the issue amicably. But when my son is an accused, it's my duty to hand him over to the police,\" said the traffic cop, tears rolling down his cheeks.Babu joined the force in 1994 as a constable and is now a head constable at the traffic investigation wing in Pallavaram. \"I took a loan and bought him a computer. He chatted with Nisha's daughter after befriending her online. I didn't suspect anything and believed that he was only watching wrestling matches online. He loved wrestling and used to watch it on TV too. If I'd known, I would have stopped him,\" he said. Santha Kumar, who has completed his diploma in mechanical engineering, is Babu's only child.A sub-inspector said, \"Babu is honest. This should not have happened to him. He is always dedicated and sincere, habits missing in many personnel.\"Nisha was found murdered at her residence inside the quarters of Crescent Engineering College on Tuesday afternoon. Guduvanchery police recovered a knife, sickle and mobile phone that was later traced to Santha Kumar.Police said Santha Kumar had an affair with Nisha's daughter and asked Nisha if he could marry the girl. Nisha apparently threatened him and rejected his marriage proposal. \"After we confirmed that Santha Kumar was behind the murder, we spoke to Babu. He was inconsolable but gave us information about the whereabouts of his son,\" said Guduvanchery police inspector S Venkatachalam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11662167", "title": "'Humans invited big cat attacks '", "text": "GUWAHATI: Incidents of leopards straying into human habitats in Guwahati have risen sharply with four such incidents being reported within a month. Forest officials and experts say the spurt in straying is a consequence of the encroachment of the habitats of the wild animals by human beings.In the latest such incident, two persons were seriously injured when a leopard attacked them at Lalung village in Lokhra area of the city on Friday.The first attack this month was on January 7 in Silpukhuri, in which three persons were injured, with one of them succumbing to his wounds later. In the second leopard attack, within less than two weeks on January 20, three persons were seriously injured when a wild cat mauled them at Pandu area in Guwahati. The leopard, which had strayed into Lakubari Railway colony here, could not be captured. In the third incident, a leopard, suspected to have strayed out of the nearby Rani-Garbhanga reserved forest, was found hiding among cement sacks at a steel workshop in the Lalung Gaon area of the city on January 25.S K Seal Sarma, divisional forest officer of Guwahati wildlife division, blames human beings for bringing on the attacks by creating a situation that's causing these leopards to stray into the city. \"Leopards appear more in cold weather. Unlike past years, this year, winter has been severe with the mercury remaining lower than normal till the end of January across the state. This is one of the reasons why straying of wild cats has increased in the city this year. Leopards do not prefer living in dense forests and the jungles on the periphery of Guwahati are favourable for these big cats. In the past four years, there have been incidents of leopards coming down from the hills, but this year the number of incidents has gone up sharply,\" said Seal Sarma.\"Leopards are active at night and when they stray into human habitats, they try to enter houses. But they return to their habitat before dawn. Given these facts, residents of the city should remain on their guard. Also, if a leopard strays into a human settlement, they should steer clear of the animal, because leopards attack in self-defence. In all the recent incidents in Guwahati, leopards have attacked human beings only when they went close to the animal,\" Seal Sarma added.He also pointed out that rampant cutting down of hills and forests for construction of houses in Guwahati has resulted in degradation of forests and it is one of the notable reasons for the increase in the numbers of conflicts between humans and wild animals. \"Dogs, chicken and pig are their prey. As their numbers are reducing in Guwahati, the leopards have no other option but enter human habitats\" Seal Sarma added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "theni", "code": "11657849", "title": "Final rites held for cop killed during stunt", "text": "THENI: A pall of gloom descended on Karungattankulam village near Chinnamanoor in Theni district, as the final rites were performed for the policeman who died while performing an acrobatic act during the Republic Day celebrations at Ooty.The body of M Pandian (31), a member of the Armed Reserve Wing of the Nilgiris police was brought to his native Chinnamanoor late on Thursday night. Besides his relatives and friends, a large number of villagers also participated in the final rites, stung by the sudden loss of Pandian. Policemen from Theni also joined the personnel from Nilgiris and the special task force - where Pandian served earlier - in offering tributes.While displaying his prowess over acrobatics, Pandian performed a somersault over 13 children, but suffered a neck injury. He was rushed to the Government Headquarters hospital, but died due to cardiac arrest.Pandian hailed from a poor family where his widowed mother Karuppayi raised him and three of his sisters amidst much difficulty. Pandian had developed an interest in sports and used to visit the gymnasium even as a school-going boy. He had also started his own gym. Pandian had won several prizes for his skills in sports, including kabaddi. He joined the police force in 2003 and was posted in the special task force at the height of the hunt for forest brigand Veerappan.He was married to Sathya of Nagalapuram in 2007. The couple had a four-year-old boy and a 11-month-old girl.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11663941", "title": "Spice Girls set for royal reunion", "text": "The Spice Girls look set to reunite for the Queen's Diamond Jubilee.The 'Wannabe' group - who were formed in 1994 and went on a hiatus in 2000 before reforming again for a comeback tour in 2007 - look set to get back together to mark the British monarch's 60th year on the throne later this summer after band member Mel B let slip some \"top secret\" information.When asked if the group - who are made of Victoria Beckham , Emma Bunton , Mel C, Geri Halliwell and Mel B - were going to reform for the 2012 London Olympics, she said in an interview on Australian TV: \"I think the Queen's Jubilee concert is the event I'd be looking at more closely for that to happen.\"However, she quickly changed the subject after realising she had made the omission and after the show she admitted it was all \"top-secret\" information still.According to The Sun newspaper, Mel told TV crew off-air: \"I am going to be in such strife for saying that.\"It's all so totally bloody top-secret still.\"Mel recently admitted she would \"love it\" if the Spice Girls went on tour again and wouldn't rule out the possibility of the 'Spice Up Your Life' hitmakers performing at the 2012 Olympics.When asked if the group would be keen to play at the sporting spectacle, she replied: \"I would never say never. I think it's possible. I'd love it if we got back together and got to go on tour.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11658713", "title": "Youth's maiden visit to city turns sour", "text": "PUNE: Twenty-four-year-old Rajan Shukla's maiden visit to the city turned sour when after alighting at Pune railway station, the Jabalpur youth experienced the horrific incident near Swargate depot that landed him in hospital. Shukla suffered a deep wound on the right leg, while his cousin who had come to pick him up at the station fractured his wrist.Rajan said, \"I alighted at the Pune station at 7.15AM. My cousin Abhichal who stays here, had come to pick me up on his bike. When we reached the Swargate depot, near Vega Centre, we saw the ST bus coming from the opposite direction. The bus dashed against a car in front of us. Sensing danger, we jumped off the motorcycle but were injured by the hit car.\"Abhichal fractured his right wrist.\"Rajan bled heavily due to the deep wound.People helped us reach Ranka Hospital,\" said Abhichal, who works as a marketing executive at Hindustan Unilever , and stays on Sinhagad Road. \"Shukla needed ten sutures to fix his wounds.Both of them were discharged in the eveningWe have asked them to come for treatment after five days,\" said Ramesh Ranka, orthoapedic surgeon of the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11657667", "title": "Tight finish last week at violin competition at Kala Academy", "text": "A crowded Kala Academy auditorium witnessed some expected nervousness and unexpected drama on January 19 evening when five contestants from five regions of India competed in the Third National David Menezes Violin Competition. The nervousness caused a few flubs in performance; the drama cut performances short. Eventually, the all-male, all-German jury awarded first prize to Carol George of Cochin, second prize to Goa's Ashley Rego, and third prize to Averell DeSouza from Mumbai. Consolation prizes were awarded to Arun Sebastian Rozario of Bangalore and young Prayash Biswarkarma of Kalimpong. Pianists Lin Lin Fan and Neville Bharucha provided the accompaniment.In keeping with expectations, we heard much expressive playing, along with the bloopers. The programming choices were revealing: Ashley began the evening with a smoothly flowing, introspective, unaccompanied Bach Sarabande; Carol, who closed the evening, began his with a flashy, obstreperous, in-your-face Paganini Caprice. Averell came with a sheaf of concerto movements to choose from, by Mozart, Bach and Bruch; Prayash would have us focus on all three movements from a single Bach concerto. Arun chose Mozart's fourth concerto and a Brahm's sonata.All these budding artists got a rude shock when, part-way through Ashley's performance, Ulf Klausenitzer, head of the jury, rose to ask, politely but firmly, that in the interests of brevity he cut short the playing. Such a request is not unusual in contests overseas, but a gasp ran through the Kala Academy audience at what for them was an unexpected interruption; Ashley too was momentarily flustered, and Fan seemed ready to leave the stage. Fortunately, Ashley was able to pull himself together again, made some impromptu cuts in the music, and finished his turn. Prayash who followed him, also became distressed when cut short, and rushed through the rest of his Bach concerto as though afraid Klausenitzer would rise up to smite him again. Perhaps in fairness, when the competition rolls around again, a time limit should be set in advance and in writing, and embedded in the competition rules?In these circumstances it would obviously be unfair to sit in judgment on the evening's performances, but a few words on the candidates will not be out of place.George began playing the violin at age 9; his earliest teachers were KP Joseph and Edward J D'Nazareth, both of Kochi. He now plays violin with the Symphony Orchestra of India in Mumbai and viola in the BSM Chamber Orchestra. Competing in the Mahatma Gandhi University Youth Festival, 1998-2002, he won the first prize five years in a row. On Thursday night he capped the Paganini with Sarasate's \"Gypsy Airs.\"Rego began studying violin at age seven; his first teacher was Teresa de Figueiredo. He has been teaching at the Kala Academy since 2004, and currently plays in the Symphony Orchestra of India and also in the Goa State String Orchestra. The SOI presented him with an award in 2007 for his outstanding performance at their concerts. Thursday's cut caused him to lop off the first two-thirds of Sarasate's \"Romanza Andaluza,\" which robbed the ending of much of its effectiveness.De Souza began learning the violin at 6; his teacher was Micael Martins. Like George and Rego, he too is with the Symphony Orchestra of India. He has also played with the Japan Philharmonic Symphony Orchestra, and with the London Underground Orchestra at the 2007 BBC Promenade Concerts. De Souza, who has been a finalist before, seemed unruffled by the day's events; his playing earned him third place, so like Ashley he will be eligible to compete again.Goa's National Violin Competition grew out of the desire expressed by the late business leader and philanthropist David Menezes to further the cause of violin playing and music making in Goa. He and his wife Cecilia together dreamt of a time when young musicians from Goa, properly trained, would be able to take their rightful place as members of top orchestras around the world. After his untimely passing, Cecilia Menezes has continued to fund the effort, increasing the prizes to Rs 50,000, 30,000, and 20,000 respectively. The Guitar Guild Goa has joined in the effort, with Schubert Cotta and Rui Lobo providing organizational skills, logistics, and manpower.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11657437", "title": "Govt salvages UID, nod to cover all 1.2bn Indians", "text": "NEW DELHI: All 1.2 billion residents of the country should have unique identity numbers by June, 2013, the Union Cabinet decided on Friday seeking to cap a fractious internal debate on which agency should record and store biometric data.The Cabinet plumped for a complete rollout of the ambitious scheme, aiming to plug loopholes in welfare programmes where identifying beneficiaries and checking leakages is a major challenge.The government is keen to complete the UID registrations before the next general election. Under the compromise arrived at between the conflicting claims of the home ministry on the one side and the Planning Commission and UID Authority on the other, it has been decided that both the Registrar General and the Authority will split the collection of biometric data. RGI functions under the home ministry.The cabinet committee on UIDAI headed by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh ironed out differences between home minister P Chidambram and Planning Commission deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia and paved the way for UID authority receiving the mandate to enroll residents beyond the 200 million mark.Now, UIDAI will seek to enroll a total of 600 million residents in 16 states and Union Territories where it is already at work. The remaining 600 million will be recorded by RGI as part of the National Population Register (NPR). Now, the two bodies will share the information.In response to the home ministry's concerns, UIDAI has been asked to review its data collection process to address security issues. Chidambaram and the duo - Ahluwalia and IT czar-turned-Authority chief Nandan Nilekani - had differed on proprietorship of the data, with RGI reversing its earlier decision to accept UID data citing concerns over verification protocols. The turf war seems settled, with a middle path being worked out by the PM.\"The NPR will continue to capture biometric data, but if a person says he or she has taken an Aadhar (UID) number, no biometric details will be captured again by the NPR. So there will be no duplication in capturing biometrics,\" Chidambram said at a presser in the presence of both Nilekani and Ahluwalia.Arguing that getting Aadhar numbers is voluntary while NPR is mandatory exercise, he said those left out under UID enrollment can get the number after registering with the population register.The home minister said the decision will speed up both UID and NPR processes and the entire country will be covered by June, 2013.Considering security issues flagged by home ministry, Nilekani said the Authority will do a complete review of its strategy over the next six to eight weeks. \"We will start covering the additional 400 million people only from April,\" he said.The cabinet committee approved an additional expenditure of Rs 5,791 crore for the project under which around 170 million enrolments have been completed by the Authority. As on January 20, 190 million Aadhaar numbers have been generated.UID project is primarily aimed at ensuring inclusive growth by providing a form of identity to those who do not have any identity. \"It seeks to provide UID numbers to the marginalized sections of society and strengthen equity,\" Nilekani added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11656001", "title": "Nagmoney awes its visitors", "text": "NAGPUR: Each of the 105 glass frames containing various kinds of currencies exhibited at Nagmoney 2012, the all-India competitive numismatic exhibition being held at Mor Hindi Bhavan, succeeds in drawing a breath of awe from visitors. The exhibition, which is being organised by Numismatic Research Institute (NRI), Nagpur, for the last four years has been attracting collectors from all over the country.\"There are many collectors in Nagpur but there was no platform for us to come together and display our collection. So we started NRI and the exhibition,\" said Avinash Ramteke, member, NRI. He said that best collectors from all over India come and take part in this exhibition-cum-competition. \"It's a great honour to host them. During the inauguration ceremony we also conferred Farokh Todywalla, an eminent personality in the field of numismatics, with Jeevan Gaurav Puraskar for his contribution,\" Ramteke said.NM Dange, a 78-year-old collector from Pune, said that this was the only exhibition he took part in. \"Exhibitions happen in many cities but I feel this is the most informative and educative of them all. The variety of exhibits is also wide,\" he said. Notes of denominations ranging from 'Rupees Two and Annas Eight' to Rs 10,000 are on display. Coins as small as the head of a pin to a massive 1 kg gold coin are some of the other attractions.\"The smallest coin we have has a diameter of 1 mm while the biggest has a diameter of 22 cm,\" Ramteke said. He also informed that they had an exhibit containing 111 gold coins that cover time span of around 18 centuries starting from 2{+n}{+d} century to the 20{+t}{+h} century AD.\"Such exhibitions play a great role in inspiring interest among the younger generation towards numismatics and the organisers here have done a great job,\" said Rezwan Razack, chairman, India Banknote Collectors Chapter. He was in the city with Kishore Jhunjunwalla, another celebrated numismatic for inaugurating the exhibition and also for the release of a book on paper money which they had co-authored.The exhibition not only provides a stage for collectors but also to augment their collection. A portion of the exhibition is designated for stalls trading the notes and coins and the atmosphere is as lively as it could be. Malcolm Todywalla of Todywalla Auctions, who have been coming to Nagmoney, every year said, \"Nagpur being the centre of India is more accessible from all parts of the country. I think after Delhi and Mumbai it is the best venue for currency auctions,\" he said.Todywalla said, \"This is a hobby that generates a lot of passion. People pay depending upon their need and capacity. If someone needs to complete a particular collection, or has their heart set on a particular piece, they even pay double the price. The prices also depend upon the unique features of the piece and the demand and supply of the same.A 1939 one rupee silver coin which bears the portrait of George VI and was recalled from the market, has fetched Rs 3,45,000.\" The exhibition will end on Sunday, Jan 29.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11658201", "title": "Congress ad lauds Narendra Modi, calls him 'master organiser'", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat Congress scored a certain self-goal in an election year by praising chief minister Narendra Modi in a Republic Day advertisement issued in local newspapers. A two-page special supplement paid for by Congress describes him as a \"master organizer and an astute election strategist\".It listed the Vibrant Gujarat summits and other carnivals, often described by Congress leaders as a 'tamasha', as his achievements and credits Modi for raising the height of Narmada dam.More still, it credits Modi for striving to turn Gujarat into a vibrant state. The pull-out, 'Gujarat: Prarambh Thij Pragatisheel' (Gujarat: progressive since beginning) gives a graphic account of contributions by all chief ministers, including Modi, to drive home the point that the state's progress is due to its enterprising people.\"Our attempt was celebrate the enterprise of Gujaratis, not any individual. Hence, we have compiled contributions of all CMs irrespective of their political parties who held offices since 1960, when Gujarat was born. A false propaganda is being unleashed to misguide the people of the state,\" Congress spokesperson Manish Doshi said in a statement on Friday, struggling to explain the gaffe.The advertisement also speaks about developmental works carried out under other non-Congress chief ministers, including Keshubhai Patel and Suresh Mehta of the BJP.The blunder sent senior Congress leaders scampering to identify all those who cleared the draft. Gujarat state assembly polls are scheduled to be held in December and the laudatory words used for Modi only underlines the sinking feeling among party cadres and reinforces the general impression that the Congress is in no position to stop Modi, already by far the longest-serving chief minister of the state, from scoring a hat-trick of wins.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11658341", "title": "Auto thefts on the rise", "text": "NASHIK: Quite a few incidences of thefts and robberies were registered in various police stations on January 24 and 25, across the city. A Hero Honda was reported stolen from near the Nashik Merchant Bank on January 24.A Bajaj Pulsar was also reported stolen from Shiv Om apartments, Samarthanagar on the night of January 24. There was also an attempt to steal a CBZ motorbike parked in the same vicinity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11657484", "title": "Cabral creates Curchorem stir", "text": "MARGAO: The entry of Curchorem businessman Nilesh Cabral into the BJP party fold has created quite a stir in the Curchorem mandal of the saffron party, with all aspirants vying for the BJP ticket unanimously pledging to oppose any moves of awarding the Curchorem candidature to Cabral.The Curchorem unit of the BJP, along with the mahila morcha and Yuva morcha rallied before the media at Curchorem on Wednesday expressing their disapproval over the development. Though they stopped short of threatening to revolt, it was quite clear that the BJP foot soldiers in Curchorem were averse to welcoming into the party, the person who belonged to the rival camp, until recently.The president of the Curchorem mandal of the BJP, Pradeep Naik, who is also vying for the party ticket, demanded that the party reconsider its decision, if any, of awarding the party ticket to Cabral.Venkatesh Prabhudesai, an executive committee member of the party, chose to adopt a tad softer approach. Though he doesn't view Cabral's entry into BJP as an affront to the loyal party workers, he is definitely against Cabral contesting on the BJP ticket.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11657773", "title": "INTACH urges CM to protect 250-yr-old police station", "text": "MADURAI: The Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage (INTACH) in a letter dated January 25 has urged the chief minister J Jayalalithaa to protect from demolition, the 250-year-old Vilakuthoon police station, which is a heritage structure.On learning that there was a move to demolish the heritage structure, INTACH also sent petitions to the Madurai district collector and commissioner of police, who were prompt in their replies and giving it a ray of hope.Speaking to The Times of India, Aravind Kumar Shankar, convenor of the Madurai Chapter of INTACH said that though the exact date of the construction of this old police station is not known, it is believed to have been constructed during the brief Maratha rule in Madurai between 1740 AD and 1743 AD.This building remains cool inside even in the hottest summer day and the beautiful works of Nayak architecture can be seen within. It was used as an 'ushavadi', a place where the revenue and police gathered to settle civil disputes during the Nayak rule. It became the Vilakuthoon police station in 1912, making this its centenary year.\"We do not want to antagonise anybody, but we believe that ancient structures should be protected at any cost,\" Shankar said. Some of the other places that this organisation aims at protecting are the Muthuvadugar palace in Chittirai Street near the Sri Meenakshi Amman temple, which remains unprotected because it was not declared as a heritage site. The Neeradimandapam, the stone elephant in Yannaikkal and the stone lion in Simmakkal are also going to be brought to life by removing the oil paint coating on these structures. The Sethupathy Higher Secondary School, where the renowned poet Bharathiar taught for a brief period and the MDDC bank are also heritage structures which need protection, according to him.\"It is unfortunate that we do not have a body like the ASI or the state archaeology department under which even private buildings can be protected,\" he said. INTACH is beginning to document and give recognition even to small and significant heritage sites, in a move to save them. Unprotected public structures would also be listed and brought to the notice of the concerned authorities, he added.Apart from conservation of heritage structures, INTACH also aims at restoring Madurai's natural heritage by rearing Kadamba trees, which were once synonymous with the temple city. History has it that Madurai was once a forest of Kadamba trees. Felled for their strong timber, they have almost become non-existent. INTACH is rearing around 1,000 saplings under the first phase of the 'Kadamba' project. They would be distributed to 1,000 student members from 30 heritage clubs in the local schools in a move to ensure that these trees add to Madurai's green cover.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11657441", "title": "2 tourists drown off Baga", "text": "PANAJI: Two software engineers from Bangalore, Abhishek Shreshtha, 25, and Vivek Kumar, 24, holidaying with friends , drowned off Baga on Friday. Calangute police said the duo, hailing from Bihar, were staying in Anjuna and had come to Baga for a swim. Three entered the sea around 2.30pm and were dragged by strong currents. Pulled out by a lifeguard they were declared brought dead at the Candolim health centre. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11661498", "title": "Mahamasthakabhisheka: Organisers hope for a smooth-sailing event", "text": "MANGALORE: Though its going to be rush hour for the nine day mahamasthakabhisheka at Venur starting from Saturday with more than a lakh pilgrims expected to witness the mega event, organizers are confident that resources will not be stretched as improved connectivity would bail them out of this over problem of over crowding.Bhagavan Shri Bahubali Swami Mahamasthakabhisheka Committee Executive President V Dhananjaya Kumar says the road transport, rail and air connectivity to this region has improved a lot when the mahamasthakabhisheka held in the year 2000, ``Hence we do not perceive that there will be a problem for guests,'' he said.The committee has booked all rooms available, 40 in number, in Moodabidri town's only available two lodgings which provide pure vegetarian meals. ``The Mutt can accommodate about 50 persons and we have reserved 150 rooms at Dharmasthala. We do not think anybody will stay for all the nine days and most of the guests are bound to leave after the day's rituals after a night halt,'' said Kumar.Moodabidri Jain Mutt Seer Charukeerthi Bhattaraka, under whose guidance this event is being conducted, also admits that there is shortage of accommodation available and the government has done precious little from the past decade to improve facilities, apart from giving the ``Jain Kashi'' tag to the region. ``We have consciously not given much publicity to the event. Hence people from Southern India are the most likely visitors. Moreover those coming from Hastinapur, Delhi and Mumbai will come on that day itself by flight and leave the next day,'' he noted.``To be objective, the existing infrastructure will not suffice if people in the coast plan to witness the Mahamasthakabhisheka event,'' he said. The seer also notes that gone are the days when people coming for religious functions were content with minimal facilities provided by the authorities. In the year 2000, schools were declared holidays and the classrooms were made available for stay. ``They need a cozy room with at least a fan, if not air conditioned rooms, clean toilets etc,'' said the seer who was peeved that even clean toilets eluded visitors here.``We will not the onus on the district administration. We will give the best of facilities for those who visit here to the best of our abilities,'' added Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "11661477", "title": "UP assembly elections: Beni's prestige at stake on home turf", "text": "BAHRAICH: The Congress Party's OBC star Beni Prasad Verma will be on test in the first phase of Assembly elections to take place on February 8.More than 60 per cent of the tickets for the 25 seats going to polls in the first phase were given on the recommendation of Verma, who is the Union steel minister. Congress hoped that he would swing the votes of Kurmi community and other OBCs in the party's favour.These 25 seats fall in Bahraich, Shravasti, Balrampur and Gonda districts of Devipatan division in eastern UP. Verma is from Barabanki district and a Lok Sabha MP from Gonda.Given that the Congress has three other Lok Sabha members from this region, there has been resentment and even protests over Verma wielding such influence in the distribution of tickets. Problems have also arisen because many names which he has recommended are men he knew since his Samajwadi Party days and these politicians have joined Congress recently.In Bahraich, where Commando Kamal Kishore is the Congress MP, the party had given Dileep Verma the ticket for Nanpara Assembly. Dileep is a known Verma loyalist. At the last moment, when the party realised that Dileep was a convict and hence ineligible to contest, the ticket was given to his wife Madhuri Verma, who is a BSP MLC.Eastern Uttar Pradesh, popularly known as Poorvanchal, is one of the most backward regions of the state.There is stiff contest between the Samajwadi Party and BSP in Poorvanchal, with BJP and Congress vying to consolidate presence in the region. BJP is strong in pilgrim centres of Tulsipur, Ayodhya and Gorakhpur .In the 2007 assembly elections, Mayawati's carefully-crafted rainbow social coalition comprising Dalits, a sprinkling of upper castes, MBCs and Muslims paid electoral dividends, as BSP emerged victorious on many Assembly seats. It did well in Bahraich and Shravasti. SP, on the other hand, performed satisfactorily in Gonda.A churning within the region's electorate saw the tables being turned in the Lok Sabha elections held two years later. SP won 10 of the 28 Lok Sabha seats falling in Poorvanchal while BSP and Congress shared seven seats each. BJP had to remain content with four seats. Congress performed with aplomb in Devipatan and Gorakhpur divisions, having a significant presence of Kurmis and Muslims.SP, which sees itself as best-positioned to capitalise on the growing disillusionment among upper castes and Muslims with the BSP, has launched an aggressive campaign to strengthen its hold in the region. Yadavs comprise 10% of the electorate while Kurmis and MBCs such as Mauryas or Kushwahas, Lodh, Nishads, Rajbhars and Noniyas have their pockets of influence. Compared to western Uttar Pradesh, Muslims do not have a strong presence but can swing the balance in several Assembly segments in Gonda, Bahraich, Shravasti and Balrampur district in Devipatan division.Special: Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11658777", "title": "Mamata balm for transport PSUs", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Friday hit the brakes on the high-speed reform that her ministers had hinted to revive the ailing transport PSUs. Simultaneously, she also succeeded in pulling her government out of the firing line it had been subjected to after one CTC employee committed suicide following non-payment of salary for months.At the meeting - chaired by Mamata and attended by union leaders, transport PSU bosses and transport minister Madan Mitra - the government kept the unions in good humour and promised to pay salary and pension to all valid employees in the next six months. There was also assurance of no job cuts. The CM stressed on taking the private-public partnership route to revive the transport bodies.The five corporations - Calcutta State Transport Corporation, South Bengal State Transport Corporation, North Bengal State Transport Corporation, West Bengal Surface Transport Corporation and Calcutta Tram Company (CTC) - are bleeding the government of Rs 600 crore subsidy every year, most of which goes to pay salaries for its nearly 21,000 employees. At Friday's meeting, Mamata asked the corporations to prepare turnaround plans within the next 15 days. The state government has been stating repeatedly that it is getting difficult to continue to the subsidy.By the end of the meeting, Citu leader Rajdeo Goala \"congratulated\" the chief minister for taking the unions into confidence. He said the CM had heard their grievances and assured that decisions would be taken though discussions between the unions and corporation authorities. It was a turnaround on Friday since guns were trained at the government only a few days back when the CTC worker committed suicide. Citu state president Shyamal Chakraborty even demanded arrest of the transport minister for his reported comments to stop payment of subsidy that had allegedly led to the suicide.The government has been facing the heat for the past few days over payment of salary for the corporation employees. With a CTC employee -- who was not getting salary for the past few months -- committing suicide in Serampore, guns were trained at the government. Citu state president Shyamal Chakraborty even demanded arrest of the transport minister for his reported comments to stop payment of subsidy that had allegedly led to the suicide. Under the circumstances, assurance of salary and pension for next six months and promise of no job cuts seemed the only way the state could now deal with this impending crisis.Friday's meeting is also being deemed as a success for the government since the unions are majorly controlled by the Left. Former chief minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee had failed to bring in reforms - that included early retirement schemes (ERS) for employees - due to the opposition from the same Left trade unions. Despite attractive packages from the Department for International Development , the schemes could not be implemented and the excess flab could never be shed from the corporations.Mamata on Friday suggested the corporations to use space on buses and trams, and even on tickets, for advertisements. \"The chief minister has said that they can commercially utilize space,\" Mitra said. \"Many depots have space which can also be used for parking.\" However, Mitra quickly clarified that the chief minister was \"against privatization and under no circumstances does the government want to give up its control over the corporations. We are just keen on corporate sectors in the form of joint venture.\" Therefore, PPP (public-private-partnership) was welcome, but not privatizing, he made it clear.There were also discussions on whether it would be possible to merge some of the corporations. \"There are five separate top-heavy corporations. It would help if one or more corporations could be merged,\" Mitra said. However, Citu leader Goala was quick to add that this was going to be discussed with the unions.The CM asked Mitra to ensure that there should be no splurging on food and flowers in the corporation programmes. \"Austerity measures have to be followed, and if required, even felicitation programmes at corporations have to stop as well,\" Mitra said. It was, however, not made clear whether the state government would have this policy adopted for its overall functioning. \"The corporations have to spend less and earn more\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11657716", "title": "Guards suspected in Goa's biggest robbery", "text": "PANAJI: In what could be Goa's biggest robbery, items stolen from the Museum of Christian Art on Wednesday evening are valued at crores of rupees by virtue of being antiques of a unique nature. Museum security guard Luis Bogato, 55, was killed during the robbery.Old Goa Police suspect the involvement of other security guards and have arrested Ravi Kumar, 20, from Bihar and Tikka Bahadur, 29, from Nepal , on suspicion.\"They have denied involvement. We are corroborating their claims with evidence gathered from the scene of offence. We are also looking into other aspects of the case. It is clear that the robbers' intention was to steal gold and they didn't know the value of antique items as ivory artefacts in the museum are untouched,\" police said.Train tickets from Panvel to Margao found in the bushes near the museum, have raised suspicion that security guards may have executed the plan with the help of an outside hand.\"A jacket found near the bushes had railway tickets, indicating that two persons travelled from Panvel to Margao on January 24, and two bus tickets from Margao to Panaji and Panaji to Old Goa. We also found three live rounds in the jacket. We are investigating whether the plan was hatched in Goa by the security guards and executed with the help of robbers from Mumbai,\" police said.\"It is suspected that the security guard was attacked in front of the gate and then dragged into the compound. There was a pool of blood at the entrance when we arrived,\" police said.Sources said Ravi was arrested after police found a blood-stained pant, suspected to be his, in the bushes. Two more live rounds were found in the pant pocket. \"The staff at the museum said the pant belongs to Ravi, who used to regularly wear it to the museum, when he was working there. The pant size is that of Ravi's,\" police said. Ravi was transferred from museum security duty after the museum committee, unhappy with his behaviour, requested the security agency to replace him, sources said.What has raised further suspicion is that Ravi has fresh minor injuries on his right hand finger and temple. \"We have referred him to Goa Medical College and Hospital for medical examination to check the wound of the age. Also we are trying to verify if the blood stains on the pant are Bogato's,\" police said.Interestingly, there are two men on security duty at any given time in the museum. On Wednesday evening, Bogato was alone when the robbers broke in. \"Tikka was put on duty but reached the museum at about 7pm, when the police team was already at the spot. When the police asked him to open the main entrance to the museum, he said the keys were with Bogato. He also denied having his mobile number,\" police said.The police team had to climb a tree and jump into the compound, where they found the body. \"With a cutter we cut open the lock of the museum gate. Later, on checking Tikka's mobile, we found that he had Bogato's number,\" added police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11648375", "title": "Vidya Balan's item number won't be sexy", "text": "The makers of Ferrari Ki Sawari are being extremely conscious that Vidya Balan's Lavani item song is more aesthetic and less sexy.Vidya Balan's first item song in Ferrari Ki Sawaari has been making a lot of news ever since it was announced. Her item number theme is the Marathi form Lavani, which has been recently made popular by Katrina Kaif's 'Chikni Chameli' act in Agneepath .But with Katrina's number being a huge hit, the makers are consciously trying to make Vidya's item song a little hatke. A source from the production team of the film says, \"After trying almost nine different looks, Vidya Balan, Vidhu Vinod Chopra and director Rajesh Mapuskar chose the Lavani form. However every one is extremely conscious that this would be more aesthetic and less sexy Lavani. More importantly authenticity towards the dance form will be maintained\".Director Rajesh Mapuskar confirms, \"Finally we have short-listed Lavani and are looking forward to the item song. Vidya Balan is extremely excited and would be rehearsing extensively for three weeks for the song\". Ask him about Katrina's item-song being a competition and he smiles, \"Katrina's dance is inspiring us to do better\".Vidya Balan would take about three weeks to rehearse and get the finer nuances of the dance form correct. Lavani is a combination of traditional song and dance and is noted for its powerful rhythm and erotic sentiment. It is very popular in Maharashtra and southern Madhya Pradesh, Karnataka and also Tamil Nadu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11658532", "title": "Karnataka's Yuva Garjane to give talent global exposure", "text": "BANGALORE: There are stories of never-give-up journeys by the sons and daughters of Karnataka, stories of undying commitment, battle against all odds, rewriting of destinies and of impossible dreams turning real.Here is a platform to share those. Vijay Karnataka of The Times Group and World Economic Forum are set to dig these stories out, and present them on the world stage. It's the Global Shapers Community organized by World Economic Forum, an international organization headquartered in Geneva , Switzerland . The community provides a platform for exceptional individuals from various walks of life to share their views, ideas and stories. It's their voice that will help shape the future and make the world a better place to be in.Vijay Karnataka is associating with the WEF because Yuva Garjane, as this initiative is called, will give our home-grown talent a global exposure.If you know of such success stories, it's time to act. The person could be yourself or someone you know. The nominee should be 30 years of age or less, and should have achieved something that has made a difference or is future-changing. The achievement can be in any field, from sports to arts or politics, theatre, to social service or science. Send the details to: VK Yuva Garjane Times VPL Ltd. #4, KCCF compound, Pampa Mahakavi Road,Chamarajpet, Bangalore - 560018.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "tirumala", "code": "11658036", "title": "Separate cell for VIP pilgrims", "text": "TIRUMALA: While the dust on the recent controversy over priority darshan for VIPs on Vaikunta Ekadasi is yet to settle down, the Tirumala Tirupati Devastanams (TTD) has decided to set up a separate cell at the Secretariat to process the recommendation letters of VIPs for darshan and accommodation atop the famed hill shrine.Though TTD did not come up with any concrete proposal, it tried to make darshan quick and easy for the VIPs at a board meeting held here on Thursday. This when common pilgrims kicked up a big furore over the preferential treatment accorded to VIPs during special festival days and special sevas. TTD put forth the proposals to smoothen the ruffled feathers of MLAs, MPs and ministers, who were disappointed with the classification of VIPs in the break darshan during the Vaikunta Ekadasi.According to the new proposal, visiting MLAs, MPs and ministers along with their families would be given VIP treatment. Special break darshan would be arranged for them from compartments 17 to 25 by forming separate queue lines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "11661279", "title": "FIRs lodged after scuffle in sindri", "text": "SINDRI: Tension prevailed on the BIT Sindri campus on Friday after two FIRs were lodged with the Sindri police by students and local shopkeepers respectively.Police said some of the students went to a 'litti' shop on Thursday evening where they had some heated exchanges followed by scuffle with the shop owner. \"Students were beaten up by the shopkeepers as they were in inebriated condition but later they came in large number to take revenge,\" the officer in-charge said.Locals said the 'litti' seller and three students suffered head injuries and were admitted at different nursing homes for treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11659019", "title": "Schoolkids enthral crowd with performance", "text": "KOLKATA: Lakshmipat Singhania Academy (LSA) organized its 16th annual intra-mural sports meet on January 21, at the Fort William Eastern command stadium. Retired Air Commodore Ujjal Biswas graced the occasion as the chief guest along with Shardaji Singhania, president, executive committee, LSA.A sunny winter morning on January 21 witnessed the 16th annual intra-mural sports meet of , organized by Lakshmipat Singhania Academy (LSA) at the Fort William Eastern command stadium. Retired Air Commodore Ujjal Biswas graced the occasion as the chief guest along with Shardaji Singhania, president, executive committee, LSA.The event began kicked off with a welcome song, 'The heat is on, on the field',sung by the school choir, a very inspiring and foot-tapping number, which was followed by a welcome address by the school principal, Meena Kak. Sports means breaking all limitations, an entire life compressed in a few hours, is a very true statement that was put forth by Kak.Kak read out the school report which highlighted the sporting achievements of the session. \"Playing in true sportsman spirit is most important,\" she said.With the school and house flags held high, the school leaders, house captains and house vice-captains led the parade and saluted the chief guest. carried the school flag and the four houses : Agni, Vayu, Prithvi and Jal led by their respective captains and vice-captains offered salute to the chief guest. Their poise and moves while they marched were indeed delightful to watch.The 29-member school band led by Captain Puneet Dhanuka was chic in their rhythm as the drums had raised the adrenaline rush.The symbolic lighting of the torch and the release of pigeons sent out the message of freedom and true sportsman spirit. as the birds flew across the sky to reach new horizons.The sports captain Shoily Nath administered the oath of sportsman spirit to all participants after which the chief guest addressed the gathering and declared the sports meet open.A series of colourful events followed. The events that followed were not just colourful but well organized.A spectacular presentation by the pre-schoolers, 'Around the world with LSA' as they called it, took the guests around the world in just 30 minutes. Through their performance, they provided a glimpse of five nations: England, Brazil, Japan, Spain and India. Dressed asIt was astounding to see them dressed as lions, bulls, tigers, orchids and roses, featuring the national flowers and animals of the countries, as well as sports stars. It was truly striking to watch the toddlers swayed to Samba beats and tap to the Flamenco and crisp movements in the ball room danceWhile their brisk movements with Japanese fans were worthy of appreciation, The chopsticks in their bun that moved briskly during the Japanese fan dance really attracted the audience representation of Indian culture, as they performed showcasing through different dance forms like Bharatnatyam, Bhangra, Manipuri and Dandia, attracted a huge round of applause. to Vande Mataram - taking India to a legendary pedestal.What followed was a karate display by students from classes VII to X. It was a choreographed display of the kata, combination movements, kumite and senior kata. It was a skillful display of the fighting postures, the tile breaking with elbow , punches and kicks. Strength, grit and determination reflected on the face of each student.Sporting events began a week prior to the final event and many prizes had already been won. the sporting competition had begun and many prizes were already won.The 100 meter, 50 meter and 20 meter dash, relay race, balance race and tug of war took place as students competed in true sportsman spirit so that their house could emerge victorious. sprinted ahead like cheetahs to gain points for their respective houses.Thunderous claps encouraged the colorful races and poised sprints.While students of classes II, IV and V put up performed yoga exercises, those of classes VI, VII and VIII put up a drill display. Yoga exercises and discus drill were presented by students of classes III, IV and V and Classes VI-VIII respectively.The synchronized postures and rhythmic movements of children impressed the audience. Races were also held for The parents and support staff's race were also heldRace for the top house was on the roll as the points tally showed Jal house leading with a whopping 178 at the end of the all the events, closely followed by Agni - 177, Vayu - 175 and Prithvi - 170.The closing march past was followed by the prize distribution ceremony as Jal house won the champions trophy and Agni was adjudged the best in march past. The overall best athletes wereMehul Sethia, Tanushree Agarwal and Harshika Agarwal were adjudged the best athletes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11658941", "title": "Henceforth, ST buses won't be left unattended", "text": "PUNE: Either the driver or the conductor of all Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) buses will stay back in the bus when it takes a journey halt.Fresh orders to this effect were issued after ST driver Santosh Mane went on the rampage killing eight people, injuring 30 others and damaging 40 vehicles on Wednesday.Senior manager of Swargate bus depot Vijaykumar Divte said, \"The stop at a bus-stand during a journey is called a halting period, when the driver and conductor leave the bus for a few minutes and complete the administrative procedures like reporting to the depot office, sharing information regarding passengers and luggage and turnover during the journey. However, after Wednesday's mayhem, orders have been issued asking either the driver or the conductor to stay back in the bus, as a precautionary measure.\"It is commonly observed that both the driver and conductor go to the canteen for breakfast or snacks, which would be avoided hereafter , said Divte.Meanwhile, the family members of five of the eight people who were mowed down by Santosh Mane received monetary compensation from the corporation. \"The families of Pooja Patil, Akshay Pise and Milind Gaikwad are in a state of shock so we have decided to visit the family members after a few days,\" said Divte.The city police have deployed two police officials to watch the movement of buses and MSRTC officials. The bus stand, known for heavy movement of commuters was back to business but passengers continued to discuss Wednesday's incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11658825", "title": "Assuming all Bandraites are rich, kidnappers targeted boy: Police", "text": "MUMBAI: The four men who were arrested for kidnapping a 12-year-old boy early this week chose their victim simply because he lived in Bandra, and assumed that anyone who could afford to live in the posh suburb would be able to cough up huge amounts of money, said investigators on Friday. The police on January 25 had arrested four men, who allegedly kidnapped the boy on Monday while on his way to school. They released him once the parents paid up the ransom amount of Rs 5 lakh, though they had initially demanded Rs 5 crore from the parents.The main accused Nirmal Mishra, who runs a garment business, hatched the plan with his employees, Vedprakash Yadav and Abdul Sattar , after he suffered a huge financial loss. Yadav and Sattar are Mishra's tenants: all three lived in a room at a Bhandup chawl, the same place where they had held the boy. They were joined by a local, Vinod Pande.Deputy commissioner of police (crime) Nisar Tamboli said: \"They selected the target randomly.\" A police officer added: \"They assumed that all Bandra residents are wealthy, and that kidnapping a child from the area would be an easy way to get rich.\" At 7am on January 23, two of the accused accosted the boy while he was walking to school, and convinced him to accompany them in their car (see timeline). The worried parents alerted the police the moment the kidnappers made contact with them that very day. Between Monday and Tuesday, they received more than five calls from the kidnappers. The special squad of the west region, Bandra police , along with crime branch officials tracked the movement of the caller (Mishra) by monitoring his cellphone usage. On January 24 evening, Mishra called the family and instructed the father to board the Sahyadri Express with the Rs 5 lakh in a bag. The kidnappers asked him to get down at Karjat and board a local to Badlapur . They instructed him to throw the money from the moving train the moment he saw a torchlight flashing along the tracks. The father, who was accompanied by the police, did not see the torchlight, and kept the money with him. The kidnappers then instructed him to board a train back to Karjat, and keep an eye out for the signal . They warned him that if he didn't throw the bag, he would not see his son. This time, the money was thrown onto the tracks.Deputy commissioner of police (zone-9 ) Pratap Dighavkar, said: \"The accused were inspired by old film (Inkaar) when they asked the father to throw the ransom from a moving train.\"The kidnappers released the boy on January 25 at BKC, from where he took an auto home. The father said, \"My son was in shock, but recovered quickly. He is a brave boy.\"The cops arrested the accused on January 25 evening itself. They were tracking Mishra's movements through the calls he made on his cellphone , but decided to act once they were assured of boy's safety. They are yet to recover the Rs 5 lakh from the accused.Around 7am on January 23, a 12-year-old boy who lives in Bandra (W) is on his way to school when two men in an Indica approach him. They convince him that they are known to his father, and ask him to accompany them. They take the boy to a Bhandup chawl An hour later, one of the accused drives to Ghatkopar and contacts the boy's father from his cellphone, but does not ask for a ransom. The kidnapper makes a second call and demands a Rs 5 crore ransom from the parents. They later reduce the amount to Rs 5 lakh On January 24 evening, the caller instructs the father to board an outstation train and get down at Karjat. From Karjat, he gets a call asking him to board a local train to Badlapur and drop the money from the moving train when he sees a torchlight on the tracks. The father does not see the signal and fails to throw the bag. The kidnapper instructs him to board a train back to Karjat, and once again keep an eye out for the signal. This time the father throws the bag onto the tracks.On January 25 around 5am, the accused free the boy near BKC from where he hires an auto back home. The police trace the accused the same night. All four are arrested from the chawl in Bhandup. The boy even identifies his kidnappers", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11657357", "title": "Battered baby: Cops on cabbie trail", "text": "NEW DELHI: While the two-year-old battered baby battles for life at AIIMS, police are trying to track down the parents of the abandoned child. And cops claim, they have definite clues in the case. They are trying to hunt down two men who played a crucial role in handing over the child to the main accused, Rajkumar.Police say they hope to question all accused in the next 48 hours, including Rajkumar, the 21-year-old cabbie who has a family in Mumbai. Police have clearly demarcated their roles.While south district police will track down parents of the child, cops from southeast district will investigate charges of the teenager that she had been repeatedly raped while living with the accused at Mahipalpur. A missing case along with rape has been lodged at the Sangam Vihar police station.Investigators are also close to cracking the rape and kidnapping case that was lodged at Sangam Vihar in June last year. \"The teenage girl has given us clues about the baby's parents,\" said Ajay Choudhury, additional commissioner (South-East), said.\"The child's parents have not been traced yet. We are scouring Uttam Nagar for a woman, Munni. It was Munni, who abandoned the child two months ago. She worked as a maid for Laxmi, who on her part knew another person, Manoj. Laxmi told us she had passed on the child to Manoj, who was in touch with the main accused, Rajkumar. The baby was handed over to him three weeks back. Rajkumar took the baby to the rented guesthouse where he was staying with the teenage girl. We have tracked down Rajkumar and the other women, except Munni. Manoj has been contacted, and he is expected to join investigations,'' said a senior police officer.Several people have approached the police, expressing willingness to adopt the child. But no relative has come forward yet. \"After so much media attention, someone would have turned up from her family, if she had been kidnapped. We think she may have been abandoned by her parents,'' said an officer.Sources said kingpin Rajkumar went out of the city leaving behind the teenage girl to take care of the toddler.It is suspected he went to Mumbai to meet his wife. And the girl may have hurt the baby in frustration. \"She admitted that the child was increasingly becoming a problem and she would often beat her up,'' said a police officer heading the probe. He refused to comment on the bite marks.On January 18, the girl claimed she took the baby to the bathroom for a wash when it slipped out of her hands and suffered head injuries. She rushed to a private hospital from where she took the baby to the AIIMS Trauma Centre.The teenager's mother died five years ago and she lived with her alcoholic father, who often abused her. Unable to bear the trauma, she fled from her residence on May 26 last year.Her father lodged a case of kidnapping at the Sangam Vihar police station on June 2. The girl told the police she went straight to her aunt's house where she stayed for three months, but her aunt did not inform her father.The girl again fled from her relative's place and was spotted at a bus shelter by a woman who offered her a job at her residence in Munirka. She stayed there for two months and was then handed over to Rajkumar, who took her to his residence in Dwarka. The girl alleged that Rajkumar raped her several times over a period of three months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11662257", "title": "Isro ex-chief quits as IIT-Patna chairman", "text": "NEW DELHI: In the eye of a storm, former Isro chairman G Madhavan Nair has stepped down as Chairman of the Board of Governors of IIT-Patna.Nair, who has been barred from holding any government post for his alleged role in the controversial Antirx-Devas deal, was in Patna yesterday to bid farewell to his colleagues.\"I went there to say farewell. Though I have not got a copy of the government order, I did not want to continue after what has come out in the public domain,\" Nair, the architect of India's maiden moon mission, told PTI.Earlier this month, the government barred Nair and three other senior space scientists from all current and future government jobs for their alleged role in Antrix Corporation's deal with Devas Multimedia for leasing out bulk transponders on two satellites for launch of digital multimedia services.IIT-Patna was among the eight new institutes set up by the Centre between 2008 and 2009. The permanent campus of the IIT is coming up at Bitha about 25 km from Patna.Asked about his plans to move court against the government order, Nair said that he has filed an application under the RTI Act to get a copies of the order and reports of the B K Chaturvedi Committee on the Antrix-Devas deal.He said he has also sought a copy of the report of a team led by former CVC Pratyush Sinha which recommended action based on the findings of the Chaturvedi Committee.\"I am totally in the dark. I cannot do anything unless I get some information under the RTI Act,\" Nair said.Nair said the Chaturvedi panel allowed them to present their case but the Sinha panel only sent a questionnaire, suggesting that they were denied the right to be heard. Devas Multimedia has moved the International Court of Arbitration to settle the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11658363", "title": "Birla planetarium no longer a popular haunt", "text": "CHENNAI: The Birla Planetarium in Kotturpuram seems to be slowly losing its status as a popular excursion and field trip destination. The Periyar Science and Technology Centre, once filled with school students throughout the year, is now relatively deserted.Many parents say they are not keen on taking their children there as most of the interactive and electronic displays at the popular science park are not working. Manushree Ranganathan (10), who recently went there expecting to see planets, asteroids or rockets, felt the stars looked better on the internet, CDs or even in her school textbook. \"The manuals ask us to rotate the handle or press the switch to see what happens, but they don't work. The submarine is supposed to dive into water, and the periscope is supposed to come out. It was one of the few machines that moved, but the ship was already under water and the periscope out. So the submarine just moves forward,\" the Class 5 student said.Others are irritated by the lack of guides. \"My daughter wants to sit on the toy train, Mercury Express. But where do we get the coins it asks for? Where is the insert hole? The place looks empty and haunted,\" said Vijaya Nagendra. The Ocean Gallery and Fun Mirrors section had only one person each manning the area.Among the exhibits that work are the four cylinder models, old cycle, and mechanical brake system. The linear and fun mirror sections remain popular. \"We had a lot of fun looking into the mirrors and trying different things. Since things are not functioning downstairs, people don't bother coming here and miss out on it,\" said Naseema Kutty, a class 6 student.Parents want a complete revamp. \"We feel students of big schools have stopped coming. I am annoyed and advising others not to go,\" said Manushree's mother Priya Ranganathan.Officials at the centre say the process of a major revamp was underway. \"We are changing a lot of panels and equipment. The Pongal rush worsened a lot of the touch panels,\" said an official.\"A switch that should last 10,000 presses gets worn out in a week and we don't have the personnel for maintenance,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11658136", "title": "Residents will have to live with metro rumble", "text": "CHENNAI: The apprehension of George Town residents that underground tunnelling works for a metro rail corridor - 33 ft below the houses in the area - will endanger public safety, is misconceived, the Madras high court has said.Justice Vinod K Sharma, dismissing a PIL of the George Town Building Owners Welfare Association on Friday, said Chennai Metro Rail Limited (CMRL) had stated in court that work on the tunnels and other structures is being done in a safe manner.The PIL, assailing a 'change' in alignment from Washermenpet to Mannadi, said that instead of the original proposal of having the corridor via the Old Jail Road and Prakasam Road, the deviated alignment passed through Seven Well and George Town. The deviation will affect at least 3,000 to 5,000 houses, the PIL said.Rebutting the allegations in the PIL, the CMRL however, submitted the vibrations generated during tunneling would be substantially low, and that too would be absorbed by the sand-clay stratum below the residents' houses. \"People living in houses above will not even feel it and this will have negligible effect on the structures above. This practice of tunneling below buildings has been in many places worldwide and is a proven method,\" the CMRL said in its counter.Identified residents, who have to close the tube wells and open wells, will have an option of choosing 1 lakh as compensation or the company-provided alternative borewells. By a notice dated November 28, 2011, the CMRL has asked owners/tenants of buildings to close borewells and open wells within the restricted zone of 16.5 metres on either side of the metro rail alignment.As for the allegation of change in alignment, the CMRL said the selected alignment was the shortest from Washermenpet to Mannadi and that the Old Jail Road was not technically feasible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11658197", "title": "Dspace library opened", "text": "KOCHI: Society was in need of youths who were ready to take the reins of the nation and transform themselves into global leaders, D Purandeswari, minister of state for human resources and development, said on Thursday. She was inaugurating the Dspace digital library at St Albert's College, Ernakulam.\"One of the greatest challenges that digital libraries will have to address is how to keep up with emerging technology in this changing world,\" the minister said.The Dspace digital library is one of the five digital libraries opened in colleges utilizing MP's local area development funds. The online library that will be based on Dspace, an open source digital repository solution, will be a platform for capturing, storing, indexing, preserving and redistributing intellectual output for the use of students.Apart from St Albert's College, the project is being implemented at Sacred Heart College,Thevara, St. Teresa's College, Ernakulam, Government Ayurveda College, Tripunithura, and Bharat Mata College, Thrikkakara.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11657308", "title": "Civic TB cell has a tough task ahead", "text": "MUMBAI: Every working day, two samples in sterile containers land up at Metropolis Laboratory's main office in Worli with an ominous appeal: search for drug resistance. What this means is that this single laboratory gets fluid/tissue samples from almost 600 tuberculosis patients who do not respond to the standard TB regimen.\"A third of these samples turn out to be positive for multiple drug resistant (MDR) strains of TB and another 10% for extremely drug resistant (XDR) strains,\" said Dr Kshama Shetya of Metropolis, underlining the average incidence of MDR and XDR TB in a single laboratory. But she added a caveat: \"As we are a referral laboratory, the TB incidence in our samples might seem higher than in the general population.\"MDR TB accounts for 17-20% of TB cases and XDR for less than 4%. In absolute terms, the city adds 3,000-4,000 MDR cases to the prevalence rate, according to previous studies done at Hinduja Hospital and the Foundation for Medical Research.But now, each of these numbers will get a face. The BMC, as part of a new plan laid out by the Union government, will track each TB patient who turns out to be resistant to drugs. The patients' close contacts will also be screened for the bacteria.The BMC has written to nine laboratories that do high-end TB testing to notify them whenever a positive person is found. \"We have written to Metropolis Laboratory, Religare Laboratory, and Hinduja, Holy Family, Holy Spirit, Lilavati, Breach Candy, Jaslok and Bombay hospitals,\" said Dr Anil Bandiwedekar, the city's executive health officer.Hinduja Hospital has given a list of 113 patients to the BMC, but the practical problems of the exercise are only just starting to hit public health officials. Dr P Keskar of the BMC's TB programme said, \"The TB cell will have to start evaluating the condition of these 113 cases from scratch. Their earlier samples are not available. So, we will have to take their samples all over again and check their level of drug resistance. After that, they will be given treatment accordingly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11658723", "title": "BSNL technician ends life in temple", "text": "BANGALORE: A telephone technician working at Chennammana Kere Achkattu BSNL office allegedly committed suicide in a temple near Vidyapeetha, in the CK Achkattu area in the city, on Friday morning.Pandurangappa, 56, a phone mechanic, reportedly kept himself aloof from his family and was staying on the premises of the Om Shakti temple near Vidyapeetha for the past seven or eight years. \"Around 8am, his body was found by a devotee in a shed used for cooking, next to the temple. He had used a lungi to hang himself from the iron rod holding the cement sheets of the shed,\" police said.\"He did not leave behind any suicide note. The man was depressed following some differences with his family, and preferred to stay in the temple since then. We found his identity from medical reimbursement records provided by BSNL,\" said a police officer.Pandurangappa was considered a \"sincere and honest\" worker among his colleagues. \"We don't know what prompted him to end his life. For the past couple of months, he was complaining of some shooting pain in his legs. But that should not have led him to take the extreme step,\" one of his colleagues said.Police summoned his wife and two sons to identify the deceased, and sent the body for a postmortem at KIMS Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11657281", "title": "Only a PI to probe Old Goa museum robbery", "text": "PANAJI: Old Goa police, who have been entrusted with the task of solving one of the biggest antique artefacts robbery from a museum ever reported in the state, are functioning without police sub-inspectors (PSIs) and assistant sub-inspectors (ASIs).The result: Police inspector Edwin Colaco is left alone to investigate the case. Even as he is busy with investigations in the case, in the absence of a PSI, he was also forced to go to GMC, Bambolim, to conduct an inquest panchnama on the body of the victim security guard, before sending it for post mortem.Thieves decamped with gold artefacts from the museum after killing the security guard Luis Bogato, 55, on Wednesday.The matter came to light after a few nuns who were out for an evening walk heard someone crying for help at about 6.30pm and informed the police.The accused had stolen two gold rosaries, one cross, one gold chain, one gold bracelet and one gold waist belt, either from the 18th or 19th century.The sanctioned strength at Old Goa is three PSIs and 2 ASIs. But at the moment there is no ASI posted at the police station. The three PSIs who are posted at the police station have been taken by the collector to be posted with flying squads and with the static surveillance team. These squads have to track poll-related violations.Though the sanctioned strength of head constables is 15, only 5 are posted at the police station. Also, of the sanctioned strength of 50 police constables, there are only 40.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "11662125", "title": "Top Berkshire executive Ajit Jain potential witness in Rajat Gupta trial", "text": "NEW YORK: A superseding indictment against ex-Goldman Sachs director Rajat Gupta , an accused in insider trading scam, is expected to be filed by January 31, according to US prosecutors, who said his \"close friend\" and top Berkshire Hathaway executive Ajit Jain could be a potential witness in the trial slated for April. At a hearing held in a Manhattan court yesterday, Assistant US Attorney Reed Brodsky said the deadline for the government to file the superseding indictment, which may contain expanded charges, is January 31.US Judge Jed Rakoff said an arraignment, if the superseding indictment is filed, may take place on February 6 or 7.The government had earlier this month said \"more likely than not there will be a superseding indictment.\" Gupta, 63, who has pleaded not guilty to the insider trading charges filed against him last October, was not present for the hearing which lasted nearly two hours.Prosecutors claim Gupta passed on insider information to Sri Lankan hedge fund manager Raj Rajaratnam about a USD five billion investment proposed by Berkshire in Goldman Sachs.Brodsky told judge Rakoff that Jain could be called in as a potential witness for Gupta during the trial, slated to begin April 9.Jain is head of Berkshire Hathaway's reinsurance business and has been touted as a possible successor to company CEO Warren Buffet . Jain had been interviewed by Gupta's defence team before he met the prosecutors.\"Ajit Jain, a close friend of Gupta's, spoke to us after he spoke to the defence. My understanding is that he spoke to the defence again after he spoke to us,\" Brodsky said. Goldman Sachs Director Claes Dahlback could also be a potential defence witness, Brodsky said. (More)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11657243", "title": "Workshop for parents on children\u2019s nutrition", "text": "MUMBAI: If Mumbai's parents are worried about whether their children eat right, here is a chance for them to know. As part of TOI's Mumbai for Kids campaign, parents can attend a session on healthy food options for children.On Sunday, nutritionist Rujuta Diwekar will speak on nutrition for kids. The event will be followed by a demo of healthy recipes by chef Sanjeev Kapoor. Celebrity mom Madhuri Dixit will also drop by to talk about her experience with nutrition for children.With obesity considered a huge epidemic in the country, it is important for parents to inculcate healthy eating habits in kids.Diwekar said, \"Children want to be like their parents, be it dressing style, personality or eating habits. So it is important for parents to be aware that if they do not eat healthy, their children will not,\" said Diwekar.The talk will include five most-misunderstood food behaviours of children. \"Many times, parents make children sit in front of the television so that their mind is diverted and they eat. But this is a wrong food habit to inculcate in children,\" said Diwekar.Nutritionists say that when children are not given what they like to eat at home, they end up having junk from outside. Making slight changes to recipes may help. To help mothers make these changes, Kapoor will hold a healthy recipe demo. \"Mothers know best what children like to eat. Tweak those recipes and add healthy elements without compromising on taste,\" said the chef.Dixit will give tips on how to keep food interesting while maintaining the healthy quotient.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11659011", "title": "Youth killed over 'booty row', two held", "text": "PUNE: A youth was murdered allegedly by four of his accomplices over \"previous enmity and distribution of booty they had gathered through pickpocketing\", at Hadapsar in the wee hours of Wednesday.After stabbing Arjun Alappa Pujari (21) of Ghorpadi to death, the suspects chopped off his head and dumped it in a nullah, 5 km from the crime scene, after dumping the headless body in a well.Rohit Ira Mudgal (21) and Mahesh alias Mendis Govindappa Bovi (19), both residents of Ghorpadi, have been arrested and remanded to police custody till February 3.The other two suspects, identified by the Hadapsar police as Vicki Potan and Raghu Vadar, are at large.The murder came to light around 6.30 am on Wednesday, when Dattatreya Kolte, a watchman of Amarnagari society, noticed a headless body floating in a well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11657218", "title": "Brake fails, alert DTC driver hits wall to save 20", "text": "NEW DELHI: DTC drivers are mostly in news for mowing down people. But on Friday morning, an alert DTC driver risked his life and showed presence of mind to save several lives on Shankar Road in central Delhi.When Sanjay (40) realized that the brakes of his old-model DTC bus had jammed, he screamed to the passengers to move to the rear. He also asked the conductor to ensure that everybody clinged to seats and windows. Seconds later, at Ganga Ram Chowk, the driver swerved to the right and rammed into the nearest hurdle, a wall of a gurdwara, and the bus came to a halt.A few days ago, a DTC bus driver mowed down a person after an alleged brake failure. In another incident in Pune just two days ago, an errant bus driver killed many people.Friday's bus, plying on root number 970, was going towards Rohini from the CGO depot. It had last stopped at RML Hospital where three-four patients boarded it, taking the number of people on board to around 22.Around 500m before Ganga Ram Chowk, \"a biker came in front of the bus and when I applied brakes to avoid him, I was shocked to see they were not working,\" Sanjay, who is not a permanent employee of DTC, told TOI. I swerved to a side and screamed at the passengers to go to the extreme back and cling on to seats and windows. The conductor also helped the passengers move back while I looked for a hurdle that could stop the bus. But there was a traffic signal in front of me and many people were there on the road. I saw a wall on the right and turned the steering towards it.\"Taking a very risky step, Sanjay swerved to the right towards Ganga Ram Hospital and took the nearest but the wrong lane and rammed into the wall of the adjoining gurdwara. Everybody escaped, without any serious injury. Passersby and police rushed to the bus and helped passengers come out of it. Three of the patients who boarded the bus, including a woman, had to rush back to RML Hospital for a medical examination.The police have found out that the brakes were faulty and had jammed causing the accident. \"We have found that the assembly kit of the bus was damaged, leading to the seizure of either the clutch or the brake. We have not registered any case as the driver showed his presence of mind and was not at fault. But we are investigating the matter,\" said a senior police officer.Even the injured hailed Sanjay as their saviour and said he should be rewarded and not punished. Sanjay, who stays in Shakurpur with his wife and three children, has been working with DTC on contract for many years.The incident has yet again raised question on the viability of plying the outdated DTC buses as these have caused most of the accidents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11661066", "title": "Prosenjit shoots in 500 kg of red chillies", "text": "TOI was present on the sets of Rajib's next in Hyderabad when Prosenjit Chatterjee shot a fight sequence in the midst of 500 kg of red chillies. Yes, you read the figure right.In fact, the entire unit was having a tough time fighting back tears and burning eyes. They armed themselves with masks to beat the heat but not apna Tollywood badshah. Professional to the core and a perfectionist when it comes to films, Prosenjit rehearsed for the shot without complaining even once. \"The film demands this set-up and as an actor, we should be able to adjust to any kind of situation. I am using an eyedrop after every shot to control the irritation. I only hope that the hard work pays off when the film releases. That will be my only solace,\" said Prosenjit.Compiled by Ruman Ganguly", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11657419", "title": "Sewri TB hospital is in for upgrade", "text": "MUMBAI: The civic-run GTB Hospital in Sewri is a step closer to becoming a comprehensive care centre. On Friday, a BMC health team comprising top officials visited the TB hospital and made an evaluation of infrastructure and aspects like infection control and hygiene.\"We reviewed the hospital's difficulties and the requirements of its operation theatre. It needs ward expansion. A TB lab also needs to be started there,\" said the BMC's executive health officer Dr Anil Bandivdekar.Last week, the Centre announced a pilot programme for TB control in Mumbai. The announcement followed Hinduja Hospital's research on 12 patients with totally drug resistant (TDR) TB; the government consequently said there were no TDR TB cases and the 12 cases should be called XXDR (extra extensively drug resistant) TB cases.As part of the pilot programme, the BMC announced an upgrade of GTB Hospital. \"We were planning a TB lab in the hospital. Ten months ago, we appointed an officer for infection control,\" additional municipal commissioner Manisha Mhaiskar said. \"There is enough ventilation and sunlight in the hospital. We have also decided to increase beds reserved for drug-resistant TB patients from 44 to 90. The hospital can treat 270 patients a month now..\"The hospital will be linked to KEM, Nair and Sion hospitals for better functioning. \"The OPD at GTB would open only twice a week. This is being increased to six days,\" Mhaiskar said.The TB hospital's staff has problems. Sources said the employees had a meeting with BMC authorities earlier this week and made demands for better working conditions, masks, better hygiene, nutrition, risk allowance and employment of next of kin on compassionate grounds. But Mhaiskar said the employees need not worry about catching an infection. \"We test all staff members every quarter. They do not have anything to worry about.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11657483", "title": "Insurance clerk, 3 held for cheating widow", "text": "MUMBAI: An LIC clerk, along with three associates, was arrested after the three of them encashed a death claim cheque, worth lakhs of rupees, issued to a widow.The Dahisar police said the gang, which included a woman, submitted bogus documents to a bank to open an account in the widow's name and withdrew all her money.After Harish Tahiliani from Dahisar died in 2001, his widow, Neha Tahiliani (49), received a death claim cheque of Rs 12.04 lakh from her husband's LIC policy. In October, 2011, Neha received an envelope from the insurance firm by post, but when she opened it, she found only a receipt but no cheque, the police said.When Neha informed the insurance firm about it, the officials told her that they had already dispatched the cheque in her name by post. The firm found that the cheque had been credited to Neha's savings account with a nationalized bank in Dahisar and 92% of the amount had been withdrawn. But Neha did not even have an account at the bank. On contacting the bank, the officials found that the account had been opened by a woman who had given Neha's name and address but a different photo. A complaint was lodged with Dahisar cops.\"The documents submitted by the woman were bogus. The only clue we had was the photo,\" said investigating officer Pravin Rane. Soon, the woman was identified as a resident of Mira Road, Yasmin Khan. \"We got hold of her phone number and her address. Our teams kept a watch on her house and nabbed her on January 14,\" said Rane. Yasmin admitted to the cops that her aides, Om Prakash Shrivastava and Kaustubh Das, prepared the fake papers. The two was already arrested by the Gujarat police in a cheating case. The Dahisar cops took the duo's custody on January 17. The two led the police to LIC clerk, Sudhir Ghadi, who had told them about the death claim.\"The accused withdrew Rs 11.16 lakh from the account opened in Neha's name. We have locked the account and recovered Rs 80,000. We recovered Rs 88,500 from the accused. Ghadi's aide, who has most of the amount, is on the run,\" Rane said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11656838", "title": "Liquor traders to resume biz", "text": "PANAJI: Wholesale dealers and retailers in packed bottles on Friday agreed to call off the shutdown of their businesses claiming that the office of the chief electoral officer has agreed to consider their demands.\"We were told that we could continue to keep wine shops open till 11pm up to February 6. We also fear victimization as any Tom, Dick and Harry can complain to the flying squad that our members are supplying liquor to candidates even if not true. The authorities agreed to verify such complaints before taking action. They also assured not to trouble us for minor issues,\" said Dattaprasad Naik, president, Goa Liquor Traders' Association. Naik said a 150-member delegation met with excise commissioner P S Reddy and CEO S Kumaraswamy on Friday. \"We also assured the authorities that none of our members will supply liquor to candidates during the election campaign and if any election candidate approaches us for the same, we will alert the poll authorities,\" Naik added. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11662767", "title": "Indian students reach YouTube's Space Lab competition finals", "text": "India may have ranked second last at the PISA a few weeks ago, but when it came to the YouTube Space Lab competition Indian students proved their mettle by being named the second largest group of finalists, next only to those from the US.The competition that was conducted by YouTube, Lenovo and Space Adventures, in association with The National Aeronautics and Space Administration ( NASA ), the European Space Agency (ESA) and the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA), gave budding scientists a platform to showcase their talent. Grouped in two age categories, 14-16 years and 17-18 years, either alone or in groups of up to three, participants had to design and submit a video describing a science experiment that can be performed in space. Thousands of youngsters from more than 80 countries participated of which 60 were shortlisted to the finals. While US led with 10 finalists, India followed with nine. The Indian finalists come from cities like Ahmedabad, Bangalore, Chennai, Hyderabad, Kolkata and New Delhi. So how does it feel like being a finalist?, Nitya Raju, a 14-year-old student from Hyderabad says, s fantastic.One of the first thoughts that came to my mind upon finding out that I was a finalist was that Stephen Hawking will judge my video. And it's not only Stephen Hawking, some of the greatest leaders, educators and space pioneers are on the panel of judges. Mohit Singhala, a 17-year-old student from Delhi adds, The experience has been delightful. It feels amazing when people around you congratulate you and show interest in what you have done or accomplished. Even this interview right now makes me feel awesome, its spell bounding to see your hard work paying off.The maximum number of entries, about 40 per cent, were received from India followed by the US with 15 per cent. Poland, Canada and Spain were other countries where maximum entries came from. Participants were required to describe their science experiment ideas via video as well as demonstrate and animate the procedures they were submitting.The winners will be decided on the basis of the judgement of the YouTube community alongside a prestigious panel of judges, including renowned scientist, Professor Stephen Hawking, NASAs Associate Administrator for Human Exploration and Operations William Gerstenmaier, NASAs Associate Administrator of Education and former Astronaut Leland Melvin, ESA Astronaut Frank De Winne, JAXA Astronaut Akihiko Hoshide and Cirque du Soleils founder Guy Lalibert.Six regional winners (two teams from each of the three regions- The Americas, Europe, Middle-East and Africa and Asia-Pacific) will be announced in February and will gather in Washington, DC, in March to experience a ZERO-G flight and receive a Lenovo IdeaPad laptop. From them, two global winners, one from each age group, will be announced and later have their experiments performed 250 miles above Earth aboard the International Space Station (ISS) and live streamed on YouTube from a ThinkPad laptop as part of a global event celebrating science and space. Additionally, the global winners will get to choose a unique space experience as a prize: a trip to Japan to watch their experiment blast off in a rocket bound for the ISS, or once they are 18 years old, a one-of-a-kind astronaut training experience in Star City, Russia , the training center for Russian cosmonauts.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11658366", "title": "Computer, cash stolen in 2 cases", "text": "NASHIK: A 32-year-old man of Shivaji Chowk, Cidco, was robbed of Rs 59,000 that he was carrying in a bag. The victim, Chandrashekhar Patil said that he was walking near Madhura Tower Building, in Untawadi area at around 5.30 pm on January 25, when an unidentified person approached him and hit him on the chest. Taken aback by the sudden blow, Patil fell down. The miscreant made away with the bag within a matter of seconds after assaulting him, Patil said.In a separate incident of theft, a computer and a photocopying machine were robbed from the office of Samata Parishad at Uttamnagar at around 7pm on January 25. In a complaint lodged by Rahul Duse at the Ambad police station, a duo impersonating as security guards came asking for Duse's boss. They then threatened Duse with sharp weapons and took away the office computer and photocopier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "11658829", "title": "Tibetan parliament writes open letter to Chinese president seeking end to oppression", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: Anguished over the recent incident of firing by Chinese police on Tibetans on January 23, reportedly killing one Tibetan and injuring about 30 persons, the Tibetan parliament-in-exile on Friday sent an open letter to Chinese president Hu Jintao , regretting that his government has no regard for human rights.In a press conference called by the speaker of Tibetan parliament, Pempa Tsering, at a short notice, he said that increasing cases of brutality inside Tibet has forced them to write openly to the Chinese president.\"The incident of open firing that killed innocent Tibetans and injured many, who were protesting peacefully, took place when the whole China was celebrating the Dragon's New Year,\" he said.The letter also cited seven points suggested by the Tibetan parliament-in-exile to restore peace and harmony inside Tibet.\"As human beings, we are sure you will understand why people resort to extreme measures like self-immolations. The brutal repressive measures adopted by your government on peaceful protestors leave us in no doubt that your government has no value for human rights, dignity or lives,\" the letter mentioned.The Tibetan parliament also said that Chinese leadership always turned a blind eye towards peaceful solution of the Tibet issue by stalling dialogues on flimsy grounds.\"Your leadership has always turned a blind eye, stalled dialogue on flimsy grounds and expected the Tibetan issue to die a natural death. But by now, you must have realized that Tibetan spirit remains indomitable and it shall remain so till a mutually agreeable solution is found,\" the letter noted further.A delegation of the Tibetan parliament will also leave for Delhi on Saturday to meet representatives of different embassies located there. \"We have prepared a memorandum clarifying the situation inside Tibet and use of extreme force by Chinese authorities. This will be submitted to the embassies, so as to seek international support for our cause,\" said Tsering.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11657388", "title": "Quota ousts 150 sitting councillors", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi Election Commission on Friday notified the 50% reservation for women in the three municipal corporations. The new arrangement has resulted in the displacement of about 150 sitting councillors of both the ruling BJP and Congress, including some of the heavyweights.This has caused much heartburn to even smaller parties like the Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD), with disgruntled councillors seeking succour.As per the notification, BJP leaders like Vijender Gupta, mayor Rajni Abbi, deputy mayor Anil Sharma, former mayor P R Sawhney, leader of the Opposition in MCD and Congress councillor J K Sharma, leader of MCD House Subhash Arya, health committee chairman Dr V K Monga are among those losing their seats.Parties like the BSP and SAD have been hit the hardest. Four of the five sitting SAD councilors have lost their seats. Similarly, 12 BSP councillors have lost theirs to the general category. Meanwhile, the permutation and combination of seats has already begun in the political circles. Councillors are now thinking of exchanging seats with each other. \"Though my seat got reserved, I'll be contesting from the neighbouring ward. It is not going to affect the sitting councillor. Almost all sitting councillors will get a chance to contest elections,\" said Congress councillor J K Sharma.The Delhi Congress brass is unhappy with the reservation formula. Delhi Pradesh Congress Committee president J P Aggarwal told TOI that he was not satisfied with the way it has been done and said that the Delhi Election Commission should have carried out extensive discussions with political parties before taking a final decision. According to Delhi BJP president Vijender Gupta, who is a sitting councillor from Rohini, 50% reservation has displaced scores of sitting councillors.The reservation formulae worked out by the Delhi Election Commissioner give women an additional seat in both general and SC categories in south and east Delhi corporations. Moreover, there are many Assembly constituencies where three out of four wards have been reserved for women. In North Delhi Municipal Corporation, there are 10 Assembly constituencies where three wards in each constituency are reserved for women. In South Delhi Municipal Corporation, eight constituencies are following this arrangement, while in the East Delhi Municipal Corporation, there are six such constituencies.Delhi Election Commissioner Rakesh Mehta delivered an elaborate explanation on the formula devised to reserve the seats for women. He pointed out that the power to carry out the reservation has been delegated by the state government to the Commission. He said that the formula is transparent and in case it is challenged in court, the Commission is ready with explanations.On the basis of population data of Census 2001, 46 seats have been reserved for Scheduled Caste candidates out of 272 wards. To select these wards, the Delhi EC adopted the formula wherein all Assembly constituencies (AC) in a Corporation with highest percentage of SC population were arranged in a descending order. For instance, in North Delhi Municipal Corporation, 20 wards have been reserved for SC candidates; in the South Corporation the number is 15; and in East it is 11. To reserve these wards the Delhi EC chose to arrange the 26 Assembly constituencies in North Delhi Corporation, 26 in South Delhi Corporation and 16 in East Delhi Corporation in descending order based on SC population.Thus, in case of North Corporation, the first 20 ACs were identified, in South 15 ACs and 11 ACs in East Corporation were shortlisted. In ACs with the highest percentage of SC population the first ward with highest SC population has been reserved. These wards are taken in serial numbers in each Corporation. For instance alternate wards, like 1,3, 5 and so on, have been reserved for SC women and 2, 4, 6 and so on for general SC candidates.Having done with the SC seats, the Delhi EC deducted the reserved wards for SCs from the remaining wards. In North, the number was 84, in South 89 and in East 53. These seats were arranged in a sequence and, using a temporary series starting from 1 against the original ward numbers, was used to reserve all odd numbers for women. The even numbers went to the general category.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11658236", "title": "Kochi still high on cigarettes", "text": "KOCHI: Even though Ernakulam was declared the first smoke-free district and tourist destination in the state, it seems Kochiites are yet to get rid of their habit of smoking in public. Except a few raids conducted near small shops in the initial days, the district administration has failed to make it a reality.As per the declaration of the district administration in October, the authorities were planning to make the district free from public smoking and tobacco products. However, social activists and environmentalists are of the opinion that initiatives and announcements like these remain only on paper.Environmentalist professor S Seetharaman says, \"Even though authorities have taken steps to control the sale of tobacco products, it is readily available in most of the shops. It is sold abundantly in tourist destinations and shops near educational institutions and the authorities are not doing anything to check this,\" he said.C R Neelakandan says, \"Shopkeepers are banned from lending lighters and matches to the public, but they are consciously forgetting the law. Before announcing the district as a smoke free destination, the administration should have taken necessary action to check the sale of tobacco products,\" he said.Meanwhile, authorities claim there is huge decline in the number of smokers in public. Saju V Itty, district coordinator of anti-tobacco campaign said the squads have caught many people and even fined them.\"Currently we are having a shortage of staff in the enforcement squad as many of the officers are out on Sabarimala duty. This has affected the raids for the last two months. We expect that the squads will be back in action in a week or so,\" he said.As per the declaration of the district administration, the authorities were planning to make the district free from public smoking and tobacco products. However, the initiatives and announcements remain only on paper.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "yanam", "code": "11657993", "title": "Leaders added fuel to Yanam fire", "text": "YANAM: What was the provocation for the mayhem at Regency Ceramics Limited factory which led to large-scale destruction and loss of two lives? A combination of political rivalry and irreconcilable differences between the management and the union as also politics of caste and police highhandedness besides the role of vested interests has caused this anarchy in this peaceful Union Territory of Puducherry town, landlocked in East Godavari district.According to sources, the management of Regency, which is a pioneer in ceramic tiles with an annual turnover of Rs 20,678 lakh, was reluctant to entertain any union activity. This caused a lot of heartburn among the workers and employees. The immediate trigger for the violence was the transfer and suspension of some leaders of the union last January.The war of attrition between the management and workers intensified when the former insisted on the employees giving them a written undertaking on some key issues for allowing them into the factory on January 2 this year. The management had barred the workers from entering the factory for demanding the re-instatement of union leader Murali Mohan and others. One of the employees who was removed in 1983 for forming a union had been re-instated following a court directive.In this background, politicians entered the scene and started \"fishing in troubled waters.\" Political leaders tried to settle personal scores by taking advantage of the situation in the factory. The area is dominated by fishermen community and SCs and analysts aver that caste played a key role in the entire episode on Friday.While one section of Yanam and Mummadivaram politicians of the ruling Congress are representing the fishermen community and the other section is represented by an MP of East Godavari. Both the groups have been trying to have a firm grip on the region which has high business stakes. Top industries like Reliance and Gujarat State Petroleum Corporation (GSPC) operate in this region and politicians claiming to represent fishermen have reportedly been getting kickbacks from the industrialists.This caused serious heartburn in the camp of MP who claimed to represent SCs. He reportedly provoked his supporters to float a union in Regency Ceramics and its members to take up cudgels against the management. Most of the workers are Telugus while 20-25 percent of the workers are from Tamil Nadu.Sources said legislators in East Godavari throw their weight behind Yanam Congress MLA Malladi Krishna Rao because of his grip over his fishermen community, who constitute a major vote bank and could influence the outcome of the elections. \"The MP's contention is that most of the industries are located in Andhra area, but the Yanam leaders are reaping the benefits in the name of agitations in support of affected fishermen because of Reliance and GSPC operations in the high seas. So, he wanted to create unrest in Regency where the majority working population is dominated by SCs,\" sources said.It may be recalled Yanam people's representatives and Mummadivaram Congress people's representatives conducted an agitation at Kakinada collectorate demanding compensation to the fishermen from GSPC after the fisher folk of the area lost their livelihood due to the dredging activity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11658141", "title": "It's a tragedy waiting to happen", "text": "KOCHI: If adequate steps are not taken without delay, chances are high that the city might witness a major tragedy similar to the Thekkady Boat mishap (in which 35 persons lost their lives when a boat capsized in Periyar lake on September 30, 2009).The Ernakulam Boat Jetty has become so congested that the Kerala Water Transport Authority (KWTA) fears collision of boats which could be disastrous.In the event of such an accident, the death toll would be very high due to strong undercurrents in the area, said a senior official of the KWTA. The official who preferred not to be named told TOI that the boat jetty was too crammed at the moment to serve both the KWTA services and private boats.\"The boats that KWTA operates are big, which are as long as 21m and are made of metal, while most of the the private boats are usually around eight meter long, and are made of fibre and wood.Many of these boats have not undergone any water buoyancy tests. In case of a collision the smaller boat would bear the brunt and capsize or sink,\" the official said. Considering the number of foreign tourists using private boats, and absence of necessary safety gears on board, an accident would affect the tourism prospects of the state also.According to KWTA sources, the existing boat jetty was built after demolishing the old one in 1994.The central tourism department, which funded the construction, after land was reclaimed from Vembanad Lake, allowed private parties to start tourist boat services from here.Over the years the private services increased congesting the boat jetty, sources pointed out.KR Vinod, Chief Surveyor of Boats, Kerala Ports, agreed that many private parties are operating boats that were built without any safety regulations.Considering the number of foreign tourists using private boats, and absence of necessary safety gears on board, an accident would affect the tourism prospects of the state also. The existing boat jetty was built after demolishing the old one in 1994.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11658724", "title": "Strategy will make solar power idea click", "text": "BANGALORE: The government's move to make installation of solar panels mandatory on new houses will be a success only if there is a well drawn out strategy to implement this green effort.Energy minister Shobha Karandlaje had on Thursday said that all new constructions across the state must compulsorily install solar panels to cope with the state's power crisis.Magsaysay award winner and managing director of Selco H Harish Hande, who's been spearheading the solar power movement, said, \"Solar water heating reduces load on the grid and also consumers' electricity bills. The most economical and efficient use of solar energy is for water heating.\"First chairman of the Central Electricity Regulatory Commission (CERC) S L Rao said it needs political will to convince people to install solar water heaters compulsorily. \"Political parties should first get a consensus over the issue of such directives. The minister should educate the common man on how solar power is the need of the hour. Despite the investment of Rs 3,000 crore to generate and transmit quality power, the state's energy crisis does not seem to end,\" said Rao.Another energy expert, MG Prabhakar, said it is a good move but people wouldn't like to be burdened with additional investments. \"It depends on the direction the roof faces; if the roof faces north or south, solar panels get less hours of direct sunlight. The storage facility, like having a battery, adds to the person's investments, which will obviously enrage the public against the government,\" he said.Experts said the government should show the way. The government should set the precedent by installing solar water heaters, energy panels and pre-paid meters in its buildings, hospitals, municipalities and community centres to see the benefits from the investments, and then speak of implementation.\" He also suggested that all these policies can be thought about once the tariff of solar energy falls. \"Presently, solar power costs Rs72 per watt, but if they wait for another 12-18 months, the solar tariff will crash to Rs 50 per watt.\"CRISIS CONTINUESThe minister should educate the common man on the importance of solar power. Despite the investment of Rs 3,000 crore to generate and transmit quality power, the state's energy crisis does not seem to end.S L Rao | central electricity regulatory commission (cerc)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11661573", "title": "Why Abhinav Shukla prefers Survivor over Bigg Boss\u2026", "text": "TV actor Abhinav Shukla, seen in serials like 'Geet', says why he prefers a daredevil show like Survivor over the dirty politics of Bigg Boss.Although his team performed miserably at the Rewards Challenge in the TV reality show Survivors , Abhinav is not one to give up so easily. Being an engineer, and having often taken the long and difficult route in life, he is no stranger to challenges. \"I like living on the edge\" he says.While he has been slowly and steadily making his mark on Survivors, when asked if he would be able to survive on a show like Bigg Boss, Abhinav laughs and says \"Might have to think twice as I'm too real for that kind of reality show. A few episodes of Bigg Boss and I'd go for a toss! In the jungle, I can kill and eat a poisonous snake to survive. But on Bigg Boss I'd be chewed alive by those man-eaters\".So would he refuse if the Bigg Boss people invite him? \"Well, to be frank I like natural beauty. Not artificial. I never make friends easily. And when I do, I'm faithful, for life. So you see I am certainly not the kind of person people want to see on Bigg Boss. Besides, dirty politics is not my cup of tea. I follow a simple funda in life. Jahaan baaton say baat nahin bantee, vahaan laaton say baat karoonga. So I am afraid I might get physical too\", laughs Abhinav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11658056", "title": "Water released for irrigation in UP", "text": "PATNA: In pursuance of the Centre's advisory, the state water resources department (WRD) has started releasing water from the Main Western Gandak canal from Friday for irrigational purposes in the Rabi cropping season in Uttar Pradesh (UP).Water would continue to be released from this canal till March 10, maintained the WRD. The department added that it had decided not to release water from the canal in view of the renovation of the canal system that was undergoing till June this year. Besides, the Nepal benefit scheme was also under implementation. However, the Centre advised the Bihar government to release water for farmers in UP for use in irrigation of Rabi crops, water resources minister Vijay Kumar Chaudhary said. The Bihar government has informed the UP chief secretary and the principal secretary, water resources, UP, about the release of Gandak water to the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11658847", "title": "Sasikalaa aide Ravanan held in abduction case", "text": "COIMBATORE: M R P Ravanan, who was influential in AIADMK politics in 10 districts of the western Tamil Nadu when his close relative Sasikalaa Natarajan was a key aide of chief minister J Jayalalithaa, was arrested by Coimbatore Rural Police on Friday on a number of charges including abduction for ransom, wrongful confinement, criminal intimidation, extortion and criminal conspiracy.Expelled from AIADMK along with other supporters of Sasikalaa, Ravanan was reportedly on the run to evade arrest. Police claimed that they arrested him from his residence at Ramanathapuram here on Friday morning. However, sources told TOI that Ravanan was taken into custody from Chennai on Thursday noon and brought to Coimbatore by night. He was initially interrogated at Karunya Nagar police station on the outskirts of the city on Thursday night and was subjected to another round of questioning at Chettipalayam police station. Police, however, made the arrest only on Friday morning.Ravanan's personal assistant PA Mohan was also nabbed by the police in connection with a complaint lodged by V Ravikumar, a public works contractor from Kitchagathiyur near Sirumugai. According to the complaint, Mohan met Ravikumar at his house during the end of May last year and said Ravanan wanted to meet him. He met Ravanan along with his friend Paramesh Kumar at the godown of Raga oil mill owned by Ravanan at Trichy Road in Coimbatore.During the meeting, Ravanan sought Rs 10 lakh as 'donation' from Ravikumar and warned that no contract work from any local body would be awarded to him if he refused to pay. When the complainant protested, he was threatened by Ravanan and his henchmen numbering around 10. Thereafter, Ravanan and his men frequently threatened him over phone.On October 9, Mohan along with few other men barged into Ravikumar's house and forced him to go with them to meet Ravanan. When the complainant resisted, he was threatened at knife-point. He was then forced into a car and taken to Raga Oil Mill godown where Ravanan was present.The complaint has alleged that Ravanan attacked him with dangerous weapons. He was told that he would be confined to the godown if he did not pay Rs 10 lakh.Ravikumar was released the same day at 5pm after his friend Paramesh Kumar handed over the money to Ravanan. It was after Ravanan's expulsion from AIADMK that Ravikumar mustered courage to lodge the complaint. During police investigation, Ravanan denied the allegations, according to police sources. Interrogation is continuing and it is likely that Ravanan would be produced before a judge at his house late in the night. Ravanan is son-in-law of the younger brother of Sasikalaa's father.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11658154", "title": "Big cat prowling in Rahmankhera remains elusive", "text": "LUCKNOW: The hunt for the elusive tiger is still on in Rahmankhera. The forest department has not been able to trap it, although a team of forest officers has been present in the area for the last three weeks. It's been more than 20 days since the big cat entered Rahmankhera, not more than 15 km from the city.Since then, the tiger has been seen on quite a few occasions in the area, but the department has failed to trap it. The forest officers had placed three enclosures, but the tiger walked out of the enclosure as easily as it walked in. During its stay in the area, the big cat has made the second kill. The wildlife experts who had been assisting the forest officers in the operation, have been suggesting the department to localise the tiger but the officers are yet to implement any of these suggestions.At the same time, several blue bulls could be seen moving in the area, where tiger has been hiding. \"There is a possibility that tiger is moving out of the area for a longer period of time,\" said Rahul Shukla, former wildlife warden, Kishenpur. The forest officers had also put up a `machaan' at the place but the tiger could not be darted. The officers, however, are still camping in the area. A lot of tiger pugmarks are seen along `behta nullah' at the place, indicating that the tiger is moving vigorously in the area.In such a case, there are increased chances of man-animal conflict, as the area has villages around. On the other hand, it's also a conducive habitat for the tiger as it is full of natural prey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11662933", "title": "Congress defends its ad lauding Gujarat CM Narendra Modi", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Congress party on Saturday defended its advertisement lauding Gujarat chief minister Narendra saying it was meant to be ssarcastic.\"It's a sarcastic comment on Narendra Modi. He has been ridiculed in the advertisement. His predecessors did a better job,\" Congress leader Rajiv Shukla said.The Gujarat Congress scored a certain self-goal in an election year by praising chief minister Narendra Modi in a Republic Day advertisement issued in local newspapers. A two-page special supplement paid for by Congress describes him as a \"master organizer and an astute election strategist\".It listed the Vibrant Gujarat summits and other carnivals, often described by Congress leaders as a 'tamasha', as his achievements and credits Modi for raising the height of Narmada dam.More still, it credits Modi for striving to turn Gujarat into a vibrant state. The pull-out, 'Gujarat: Prarambh Thij Pragatisheel' (Gujarat: progressive since beginning) gives a graphic account of contributions by all chief ministers, including Modi, to drive home the point that the state's progress is due to its enterprising people.\"Our attempt was celebrate the enterprise of Gujaratis, not any individual. Hence, we have compiled contributions of all CMs irrespective of their political parties who held offices since 1960, when Gujarat was born. A false propaganda is being unleashed to misguide the people of the state,\" Congress spokesperson Manish Doshi said in a statement on Friday, struggling to explain the gaffe.The advertisement also speaks about developmental works carried out under other non-Congress chief ministers, including Keshubhai Patel and Suresh Mehta of the BJP.The blunder sent senior Congress leaders scampering to identify all those who cleared the draft. Gujarat state assembly polls are scheduled to be held in December and the laudatory words used for Modi only underlines the sinking feeling among party cadres and reinforces the general impression that the Congress is in no position to stop Modi, already by far the longest-serving chief minister of the state, from scoring a hat-trick of wins.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11657530", "title": "India &amp; Yemen share old bond", "text": "President Ali Abdullah Saleh has left Yemen but not his presidency. Sitting in his temporary abode in Oman , before leaving for the US, he sends a message to President of India Pratibha Patil on January 24 congratulating her on the Republic's 63rd anniversary. That's not all. He tells his people that he would return to Yemen and lead his General's People's Congress.There is something seriously wrong with Saleh, as is the case with all dictators. They come to power on the promise of 'early elections and reforms in the interest of the country' and never leave unless they are forced out.India has specified its stand on the situation in Syria . It wants Bashar al Assad to give in to demands of pro-democracy groups, but it has not said so in so many words to Yemen's Ali Abdullah Saleh. India is interested in peaceful transfer of power, the prospects of which are becoming brighter in Yemen.There is a reason for this softer approach. India-Yemen relations date back, in modern history, to the times of British Raj. Yemen was ruled by the British from the Bombay Presidency beginning 1839 up to 1937. The Indian rupee became the official currency there. Dr Ausaf Sayeed, India's ambassador to Yemen, told TOI during a recent personal visit to Hyderabad that thousands of Indians began living in Aden and other parts of that country during the British rule. That made Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose and Mahatma Gandhi visit Aden where they were warmly received.Dr Sayeed, a Hyderabadi of Arab origin, said that two sets of people from Yemen, especially from Hadramaut in the south, have made India, more specifically the Deccan, their home. The first group comprised Sayyids, the descendants of the family of Prophet Mohammed, who came to India and got involved in the preaching of religious thoughts, particularly Sufism. They set up khankhas or hospices. The other group, bigger in number, came in search of greener pastures and got employment in the armies of native rulers in Maharashtra, Gujarat and Hyderabad. In Hyderabad, some of them rose to become part of the Nizam's nobility while the others entered the ruler's 'irregular army.' After independence those Yemenis who were married to Indian women or were children of mixed marriages decided to stay back. Their neighbourhood with unique Arab cultural traits is known as Barkas.The historical connection apart, the assessment made by the ministry of external affairs India says India would continue to enjoy special status whoever comes to power in Yemen. India has showed the grit to stay put in Sana when numerous other embassies were closing down their shops. While maintaining good relations with the senior functionaries of the government India did not antagonize any of the major groups fighting for the ouster of Ali Abdullah Saleh.Vice-President Field Marshal Abed Rabbo Mansour Hadi has emerged as the consensus candidate for presidency. Now is the time to prepare for transition and the drafting of new constitution thereafter.The impoverished Yemen is sitting on large deposits of petroleum and other mineral resources. The US would like to retain Yemen as an ally. But it is concerned about al Qaida improving upon its presence there. The Saudis want a friendly government that can be talked into dealing with several outstanding issues, including the disputed borders. India has shown the willingness and the capacity for exploring and refining oil.Let's continue to watch Yemen against this backdrop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11658261", "title": "Man makes a prank call about missing boy, lands in police net", "text": "CHENNAI: Police on Friday questioned and let off a 25-year-old man, believed to be mentally ill, for calling up the father of a 15-year-old boy missing since November 2011, claiming he knew the boy's whereabouts.Suresh of Ernavur, who made the call after seeing a poster about the missing boy, is a priest, police said. Businessman Venkata Prasad Rao, whose son Sundar Sai went missing from his school in Tondiarpet last year, got a call on Thursday morning. The caller said his son was in the custody of his abductors and asked Rao to come with 3 lakh to the Chengalpet railway station.Rao alerted the police and left with his wife for Chengalpet with the ransom in a briefcase. However, police narrowed down on the suspect at the Egmore railway station after tracking down his mobile number. \"We tracked the accused from Villivakkam to Egmore. Even after the train started for Chengalpet, the signal showed his presence in Egmore. Immediately, police teams called up his mobile and nabbed him,\" a police officer said.Suresh claimed he saw a poster of the missing boy at Villivakkam railway station and decided to extract money from the boy's father. After Suresh's family members showed police the medicines ha had been taking for his illness, he was let off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11663129", "title": "'Won't compromise state's interest'", "text": "A day after Rahul Gandhi announced at Tarn Taran that Punjab Congress chief Capt Amarinder Singh would be the chief minister if Congress were to win the elections, Khushwant Singh spent a full day with the Captain, who was on a road trip to district Hoshiarpur addressing rallies at Hoshiarpur, Tanda, Chabbewal and Garhshankar. \"I will never compromise the interest of the state,\" are his opening lines, as TOI, en route from Garhshankar to Chandigarh quizzes the man who is leaving no stone unturned to get his party back in power.Two days are left before Punjab goes to polls. What are your expectations? n I have been travelling across the length and breadth of the state, which no other politician has done - not even Parkash Singh Badal or Sukhbir Singh Badal since the father and son are trying to save their own seats. I can tell you that people are fed up with the Akali-BJP combine's corruption and goondaraj. Congress is winning more than 70 seats. The enthusiasm that I have seen among the crowds in the last few days clearly indicates that people want the Congress back.What has brought about this change that you are referring to? n People had already made up their mind but were afraid to come out, fearing reprisal by the government. As it became clearer that the Congress would be forming the government, they gained confidence and came out in the open to support us wholeheartedly. The other reason is that the Akali-BJP advertisement campaign has boomeranged. For how long can you keep fooling the people? People question this bunch of utter lies because they know the reality.During his Tarn Taran rally, Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi made it clear that you will be the chief minister if Congress comes back to power... n I thank Mrs Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi for making such a declaration, but my immediate goal is to win the elections for the party, for which I have been touring the state extensively. My focus for now is election, for that's the job Mrs Sonia Gandhi has entrusted me with. What are the issues this election is being fought on? n It's very simply - SAD-BJP failures. They have failed to deliver as a government is supposed to. On the contrary, they unleashed terror on Congressmen or whoever did not toe their line. They captured all businesses, including cable TV, transport and sand mining, leaving no occupation for the common man. The money that came from the Centre for development was squandered. They destroyed democratic institutions and the economy is in a shambles. They brought Punjab under unprecedented debt of more than Rs 72,000 crore.If the Congress was to come back to power, what would be the crucial issues? n Education and health, infrastructure and power, employment, law and order. Punjab must regain its lost glory to become the most prosperous state in the country. I want to see smiles on the faces of our young. There are as many as 47 lakh unemployed youths. Can you imagine their plight and the implications of this if opportunity is not created for them? Punjab is already showing inclination towards Naxalism.During your previous tenure, there were reports of some your ministers misusing their authority and indulging in wrongdoing that you charge the present regime with... n You will see the difference this time. Everyone makes mistakes and I am no exception. The problem arises when you don't want to learn from your mistakes. My priority is Punjab and that should answer your question.Abrogating unfavourable water agreements with contiguous states was a watershed decision in your political career. It changed the way people looked at you. Your comments. n It was a tough decision, but I did not want history books to show that Capt Amarinder Singh compromised the interest of the state. I will never do it. For the Badals, power has always been the priority, not the state.Your personal life? n It's personal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11657474", "title": "Fake currency haul: Main conduit arrested", "text": "NEW DELHI: Fifteen days after a consignment of fake Indian currency, of face value 2.25 crore, was recovered from the capital, the Special Cell of Delhi police has arrested the main conduit involved in the case.The conduit, identified as Mohammad Rafiq (27), was arrested on Friday from Poonch area, Jammu and Kashmir.Rafiq would allegedly \"take these deliveries\" from Pakistan border and deliver it to various dealers in Delhi, Punjab, Haryana, Uttar Pradesh and other states.Rafiq's brother, Ghulam Ahmed, was arrested earlier this week for smuggling the consignment, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11658805", "title": "Govt turns down operators' request to hike bus fare", "text": "KOLKATA: Private bus and minibus operators on Friday unanimously demanded for an immediate fare hike at a meeting with transport minister Madan Mitra at Writers' Buildings. However, the government has opposed the hike as of now. Mitra discussed the bus operators' problems with chief minister Mamata Banerjee at a meeting later in the day. It is learnt Mamata suggested that the operators should adopt the same measures like the state corporation buses - by renting out space in buses and tickets - to raise funds.However, private bus operators are already using this system at present. Many have advertisements on buses as well as on tickets. So this suggestion may not find many takers among them. Since the fares were last revised almost three years ago, it's not sure for how long the government would be able to resist the increasing pressure for a hike.\"When the new government was formed, we had given them time and asked them to take certain measures to keep the fares at the current level. But we haven't got any relief. So we've no alternative at this point,\" said Abashesh Daw, secretary of Minibus Operators' Coordination Committee. Dipak Sarkar, vice-president of the Bengal Bus Syndicate, iterated the same demand.According to Daw, the operators had requested the government to arrange for small changes - coins of Rs 5, 2 and 1 - from the Reserve Bank of India. \"However, we have now learnt that we are going to get just 5% of what we require,\" Daw said. The requirement was that of Rs 3.5 lakh per week for minibuses, but much less would be available. Under the circumstances, the bus owners have to purchase the loose change by paying more. \"If it is available on purchase, it means the loose change is available in the market, so why do we have to pay extra money to get it?\" asked Sarkar.Daw said his association had also demanded government checks on passengers to find out if they got themselves tickets, arguing that if the railways had such a system, it might as well be there for buses. \"Many travellers don't buy tickets and we could earn much more if the government organises checks,\" Daw said. The bus associations also want the government to ensure there is \"no police excess in the name of checks\".Since the last fare hike, the price of diesel has gone up by nearly Rs 10, and if this goes on, buses will stop running and the condition will be like the sick, closed down factories of Dum Dum, Daw said. According to Sarkar, if this was to go on, for every bus, an additional Rs 1.8 lakh to Rs 2 lakh has to be spent annually. \"Look at the condition of the state-run buses. Shouldn't the situation in the market affect us as well? Why isn't the government looking at the problems we are faced with?\" Daw asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11661673", "title": "Shagufta Ali in \"Punar Vivah\"", "text": "She has been a popular face on Indian television for over 15 years, and now a versatile actress , Shagufta Ali is all set to play a part in daily soap ' Punar Vivah'.Starring Kratika Sengarand Gurmeet Chaudhary, the show sensitively captures the dynamics of re-marriage, showcasing the trials and tribulations that are a part of re-adjusting to a second life partner.Shagufta's role will be that of a high-flying, big shot industrialist. With shades of grey, her character will be that of the main instigator whose actions will indirectly drive the lead protagonist Smriti (played by Kratika Sengar) to consider the prospect of remarriage. In a world full of people ever ready to criticize, her character will be the one to throw the first stone! The harsh words of this hypocritical, narrowminded person will act as a catalyst and ignite the first flames of remarriage in the minds of Smriti and her well-wishers.Shagufta told us, \"Yes, I have been approached to be a part of the new show \"Punar Vivah\" and I am eagerly looking forward to playing the character. I think my personality lends itself beautifully towards playing characters with shades of grey, not that I don't enjoy it thoroughly. Let's see how the role shapes up.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "mombasa (kenya)", "code": "11658013", "title": "School with difference nurtures pluralism", "text": "MOMBASA (KENYA): Saleem, a 13-year-old in Kenya's second-largest city, till the end of 2009, used to work at a cycle shop for three hours before and after school hours to pay for his term fees. But now, he lives in a spacious residential quarter facing the marine drive and has to spend not even a shilling on tuition fees. Saleem, like many other students at the Aga Khan Academy, is on a fully funded primary, middle and secondary school programme that allows him to get an International Baccalaureate ( IB) education at no cost.The Aga Khan Academy in Mombasa stands on 18 acres of land, housing 650 students between ages six and 18. It was established in 2003 and, since then, has been catering to the less fortunate in Kenyan society even while taking students from across the globe. The academy is located on the sea coast, just five kilometres away from the heart of the scenic, and busy, Mombasa town.The academy which has woven in readings on pluralism into its syllabus is, interestingly, a meeting point for the many cultures in Mombasa. The city which bears Portuguese and Arabic influence in its rich architecture encourages the best of all cultures. With living standards in this Safari tourism destination improving over the last decade, even the government has started diverting funds towards the education sector. Almost all students at the academy are receiving education subsidies, thanks to a tie up between the Kenyan government and the Aga Khan foundation. The academy is the first among the 18 academies which make up the Aga Khan Development Network.Academic heads of the institution said that they make it a point to reduce the cultural and economic distance between students. \"We are here to provide a mixture of all cultures and races. Within campus walls, students from various backgrounds mingle freely. They are encouraged to understand one another and assimilate the best of all cultures. This free and egalitarian existence makes them better human beings,\" said Salim AL Bhatia, director, Aga Khan Academies. Students from East Africa, Middle-East, Central and South Asia study at this academy. The academy has also been taking in exchange students from Tajikistan to further enhance the heady pluralism on campus.Students said that the training given to them at the academy had made them free thinkers. \"We are encouraged to think on our own in the academy. We draw from our experiences to understand theories which are universal. This also puts less pressure on us as we go through a rigorous academic programme,\" said Ham, a diploma student from Uganda . Starting from primary school, students are encouraged to engage in debates and discussions on just about everything. The academy has made it mandatory for students to take part in at least two sports.But what makes the academy different from other educational institutions is its commitment to the community of which it is a part. The academy conducts training programmes for teachers from across Africa and also runs outreach programmes to get government schools in Kenya to adopt a student-friendly approach to teaching.\"We identify schools and train teachers and principals to impart an inclusive education which is not based on direct and one-sided instruction. Interestingly, as a result of our outreach programmes in several government-run schools in Mombasa, one can now see a marked change in the way students go about learning the various subjects which interest them. They are no longer afraid of examinations and are confident,\" said Rob Burrough, head of the Mombasa Academy. About 40% of the students at the academy come from Asian countries and more than half of them are of Indian origin.Meanwhile, in Hyderabad, a chapter of the Aga Khan Academy is already functional. The Hyderabad academy is expected to be Andhra Pradesh's first state-of-the-art international school. The school, set up on a sprawling 100 acre campus near Rajiv Gandhi International Airport, is currently admitting students from eight years of age. Incidentally, the academy will also be one of the few international schools in the city to follow only the International Baccalaureate syllabus without any supporting Indian (CBSE or ICSE) affiliation, says head John Puddefoot. While the school has about 70 students at present, it could accommodate up to 1,200 students once the campus is ready within the next five years.(This correspondent was in Kenya at the invitation of the Aga Khan Foundation)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11656464", "title": "'Agneepath' first film to run anti-smoking scroll", "text": "NEW DELHI: Films with smoking scenes that glamourize smoking or tobacco products will now have to face cuts or run a statutory warning as a scroll along with the visual.The Censor Board has directed films to adhere to the ban on smoking scenes, which means that films applying for a censor certificate will have to run a warning during the film or cut scenes that glamourize or encourage smoking.Central Board for Film Certification (CBFC) CEO Pankaja Thakur said, \"Films that encourage smoking or alcohol consumption will have to run a scroll or accept cuts to get a certificate.\"Hrithik Rishan-Sanjay Dutt starrer 'Agneepath', released on January 26, has included a statutory warning scroll in the popular item number chikni chameli to evade cuts. The film also runs warnings before and during the film, and has been given a U/A certificate.The move comes at the back of a clash between the ministries of health and I&amp;B.; While the health ministry had issued a notification asking for slew of changes in films, the I&B; ministry had held the ban in abeyance citing concerns from filmmakers. However, CBFC is implementing the ban partially.Elaborating on the decision Thakur said, \"For the first time, CBFC has asked for a statutory warning scroll in a popular item song. The producers (of Agneepath) offered no resistance.\" The particular number has actor Katrina Kaif lighting up bidis, which the Board felt would send a wrong message.However, instead of forcing the ban, the Board feels that discussion on balancing artistic expression with health concerns has had a better effect. With the Censor turning an eagle eye on films, sources said that filmmakers will be cautious in filming smoking scenes. Sources said that the ban was being implemented as practically as possible rather than in entirety as mandated by the health ministry.According to the rules notified by the health ministry in November, 2011, old movies and TV programmes would have to mandatorily display anti-tobacco health spots or messages of minimum 30-second duration each at the beginning and middle of the film or the TV programme and run warning scrolls if a tobacco product is displayed.For new films and TV programmes the ministry had said that there should be a \"strong editorial justification\" for display of tobacco products and should include a disclaimer, of minimum 20-second duration, by the actor concerned regarding the ill-effects of the use of such products, in the beginning and middle of the film or TV programme. The film was also expected to run anti-tobacco health messages, of minimum 30-second duration each at the beginning and middle of the film or the TV programme and a warning scroll at the bottom of the screen during the period that the tobacco product is displayed. The notification also mandated inclusion of a health ministry representative on the CBFC.The notification also said that blatant display of tobacco brands should be edited or blurred in films and TV programmes and all promotional material.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11658087", "title": "Private minibuses won'tply on Jan 30", "text": "PATNA: Private mini buses numbering about 300 would not ply on January 30 in the state capital to protest the apathetic attitude of Patna district administration towards their problems.Patna Town Bus Services Owners Association general secretary Umesh Prasad on Friday alleged that the City Service buses, partially financed by the Union government, have been allowed the same parking slot as the private mini buses. He said the time of the mini buses has been fixed while the City Service buses leave the parking slot only after they are full of passengers.He demanded these buses should be parked at Bankipur bus stand where government buses are parked. \"Even the district administration cooperates with the City Service buses,\" he alleged and added that owners of three-wheelers are also morally supporting the private bus owners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11659002", "title": "Neuro screening for driving licence must, say docs", "text": "PUNE: The horror of Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation's bus driver Santosh Mane's act on Wednesday which snuffed out eight lives on the city's roads is beginning to sink in.For one, it has highlighted the lack of attention to medical fitness of bus drivers. Doctors have suggested a yearly or two-yearly health check-up including neurological and psychiatric assessment as mandatory for professional drivers.Experts have also suggested that the state government should make it a norm for all doctors and hospitals to update information of a person who may pose a risk to public life because of his medical conditions.\"There are some medical and especially neurological conditions incompatible with driving, or in which a person should not drive for his own safety and that of others. These conditions include epilepsy, stroke , recurrent syncope, psychiatric illness, sleep apnea syndrome (daytime sleepiness), alcoholism and usage of certain medicines,\" said neurologist Rajas Deshpande of Sancheti Hospital.Deshpande said, \"In our country, there is no effective health or neurological screening before issuing a driving licence. It is scary to imagine that there maybe many drivers on the road who can lose control without them realizing it or being able to stop it.\"He specialises in treatment of neurological conditions including epilepsy and sees about 150 to 250 fresh cases of epilepsy every year.\"Only after repeated questioning, do some patients disclose that they are drivers. Of the 150 patients of epilepsy I diagnose every year, three to four turn are drivers. Almost all others (except minors) drive some or other vehicle regularly. After explaining the risks, some comply, but most don't, and continue to ride or drive,\" Deshpande said.One can understand that a family may be dependent on driver, but it was not acceptable to risk many lives including that of the driver, who has the highest risk, he added. Besides, alcoholism is very common among drivers, and it can cause rum fits due to both excess and withdrawal.\"That's the reason why neurological and psychiatric assessment must be made mandatory for all professional drivers. This should include EEG and MRI scan of brain. Such a comprehensive health check of professional drivers can be conducted yearly or in two years,\" Deshpande said.Neurologist Anand Alurkar said, \"Patients with epilepsy or other neurological conditions working as a driver in private sector do get absorbed in other departments when they produce a medical certificate from a neurologist. I have seen such patients and given them certificates. This should also be a norm in government sector.\"\"Stressful situations include lack of sleep, fever, low blood sugar levels, drug or alcohol consumption etc. Almost all medicines used for treatment in this condition cause drowsiness and sedation of different extent. Those with a family history of epilepsy are more likely to suffer from this illness,\" Alurkar said.Hence a person applying for driving licence must be screened for this disorder, as is compulsory for all pilots, say experts in the field.Experts have also hinted at making it mandatory for doctors and hospitals to inform of a patient who may pose a risk to public life because of his medical conditions.\"The Regional Transport Office (RTO) must make it mandatory for hospitals, physicians and psychiatrists to update the name and details of medical condition of any patient who may be a risk to public life, and to ensure that adequate check-ups are done to treat and rehabilitate the patient,\" Deshpande said.However, senior psychiatrist Alka Pawar, head of Maharashtra Institute of Mental Health (MIMH), a state government unit that trains workforce in mental health thinks that a doctor can always inform the patients' office on his own if he is going be a threat to public life due to his or her medical conditions. \"The doctor can always inform the authorities in the best interest of society,\" Pawar said.However, some doctors said that informing the authorities without taking the patient into confidence may pose a threat to their security and lead to unnecessary legal procedures.Panel to review drivers' healthThe Maharashtra State Road Transport Committee (MSRTC) has decided to form a technical committee to review the mental and physical health of its 37,000-odd drivers. At present, the MSRTC does not have a system of knowing the health status of drivers, except for the mandatory health check done when drivers join service and when they turn 40.MSRTC managing director Deepak Kapoor could not be contacted despite repeated attempts.However, senior depot manager Vijaykumar Divte confirmed that a committee would soon be formed to look into the health of drivers and conductors. \"If some systemic change is brought in, it will be true homage to those we lost on Wednesday,\" said neuro-psychiatrist Sanjay Phadke.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "11661201", "title": "Minister hits out at UPA govt's new GST regime", "text": "Surat: State minister for industries and finance Saurabh Patel on Friday exhorted the Southern Gujarat Chamber of Commerce and Industry and National Small Industries Association (NSIC) to evaluate the negative implications of the UPA government's proposed new goods and service tax (GST) regime and take an aggressive stand against its implementation. Patel was in the city to inaugurate the eighth edition of Udyog-2012.\"Along with the small-scale industries in the state, the diamond industry, too, will come under the tax net of GST. Until now, the diamond manufacturers are not paying any taxes to the state government, but they will have to pay GST now,\" he said.The state government has been opposing GST saying the state will lose its autonomy in financial matters. According to state government's estimates, Gujarat will lose Rs 3,000-crore revenue annually, while the cumulative loss to all the states is estimated at Rs 31,000 crore. It has said that the GST regime will make luxury goods cheaper, but raise the prices of items of day-to-day consumption.Udyog-2012, a biennial signature event of SGCCI organized in the city since 1998, saw the presence of chairman and managing director of NSIC Dr H P Kumar and deputy minister of trade and industry of South Africa Elizabeth Thabethe apart from consul general from Ethiopia, Indonesia and other trade organizations from Japan, Korea and UK.Thabethe said, \"We are keen on working in close association with the entrepreneurs of Gujarat and especially those from south Gujarat. Surat is the biggest consumer of our rough diamond resources and thus, we are looking for skill transfer and enhancement on both the sides.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11658319", "title": "Talks on toll issue continue", "text": "KOCHI: The state government has decided to hold another round of talks with the leaders of organizations who are up in arms against the toll collection along Mannuthy-Edappally stretch of NH 47, in Thiruvanthapuram on January 23.Chief Minister Oommen Chandy hinted that the toll collection would continue till next Monday. But the protestors made it clear that they wouldn't allow the authorities to collect toll. The NH authorities should have completed the construction of bus bays, drainage, traffic signals, drainage, underpass etc before starting the toll collection. But they have not completed any of the works, the leaders said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11658224", "title": "Now, money chains can flourish", "text": "KOCHI: Those who duped the country's most literate state with numerous 'get-rich-quick' or 'earn-maximum-returns' schemes are breathing a sigh of relief. But now they are back in business with a favourable court order, aided by a government order that legalizes money chains.A recent government order on how to discriminate between legal and illegal companies has come to the aid of these money chain companies. Now companies accused of cheating more than Rs 1,000 crore from the public are beginning to secure favourable court orders citing the government order.PI Marketing Pvt Ltd (PIPL), the company associated with the money chain scam widely known as Penta World India that was active in the central and northern parts of Kerala, became the benefactor of the first court order.Media reports had earlier revealed that the government order issued on September 12 this year was an exact copy of the guidelines of Indian Direct Selling Association (IDSA). Even though many of the IDSA members were already booked for running money chains, the government had reproduced IDSA guidelines as the base for differentiating legal and illegal companies.This week, Penta World approached the Kerala High Court with an interim application that pointed out that the government order allows them to continue operations as it's a direct selling organization.Justice Antony Dominic, who heard the interim application filed in the original case that has the state government as the respondent, ruled in favour of the company and allowed them to continue with their operations.Penta World had the most number of investors from Thrissur and Kannur districts for its schemes priced in the range of Rs 1,000 to Rs 19,000. The company was selling products ranging from vegetable cutters to insurance policies, water purifiers, and apparels. Following complaints that alleged the company to be running a money chain, police had raided and sealed its Kerala head office at Thrissur on June 16 this year.While Penta World has already won a favourable court order, cases filed by the state against many other money chain companies are still pending before the high court.Commenting on the new trend, additional advocate general KA Jaleel said, \"The government order only allows companies that are doing lawful direct selling to continue. If they are found to be engaging in money chain operations, action will be taken against them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11658968", "title": "Tension in Old City over temple bell row", "text": "HYDERABAD:Tension was palpable near the historic Charminar on Friday afternoon, but, for a change, it did not take communal hue. A row over sounding the bell at the Bhagya Laxmi temple abutting the heritage structure during Juma (Friday) prayers put police on their toes for a couple of hours.However, the Friday prayers passed off peacefully at the Mecca Masjid. Trouble began at noon when nearly 300 Hindu rightwing activists descended on the Bhagya Laxmi temple and started ringing the bell, breaking an unwritten rule of not sounding it during the Juma prayers.For the next 90 minutes, the chiming continued and the temple authorities made an attempt to take out an aarathi (camphor burning) around the Charminar, but police foiled their bid. Unmindful of the gongs, the namazis filed into the grand mosque, said their Juma prayers and quietly left the place. With Milad-un-Nabi just a few days away, the Hyderabad police did not want to take chances and beefed up security near Charminar. Also, the top brass, including Hyderabad police commissioner AK Khan, camped in the Old City from morning.Police said that since Thursday SMSs were doing the rounds with Hindu rightwing organisations asking citizens to gather in large numbers and ring the bell at noon. Since it was Friday, police, to avoid any untoward incidents, deployed a large contingent of security personnel, including RAF and Task Force.Police blame Friday's tension on a photograph published in a local daily a few days ago of a police constable forcibly stopping a devotee from ringing the bell at Bhagyalakshmi temple. Police came to know that the photograph was a file photo, taken several months ago at the temple.\"The constable is now with the Nampally police station. Making it an issue, some religious outfits, which wanted to create trouble in the Old City, chose Friday afternoon for ringing the bell,'' a senior officer told TOI. DCP (South Zone) Manish Kumar Sinha said the temple management had informed them that devotees were facing parking problems. \"While the parking issue has been amicably resolved by offering members of both communities space to park vehicles, the temple trust has decided to stick to the previous decision of refraining from ringing bells on Friday between 1 pm and 1.30 pm,\" he added The temple authorities, however, maintained that police were frequently interfering in their activities.\"How can police ask us not to ring the bell? It is a decades-old practice,'' said Shashikala, a descendant of the family who founded the temple. Interestingly Mangalhat corporator Raja Singh, who is an accused in the 2010 communal clashes in the Old City, was picked up by cops at 10.30 am. Police suspect that he had played an important role in mobilizing people at the temple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11657909", "title": "HC gives reprieve to AIADMK MLA", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras High Court on Friday discharged AIADMK MLA A K Bose representing the Madurai North constituency from a criminal case, which was registered against him for non-payment of loan he owed from one K Chellathurai in 2004.Based on a complaint given by Chellathurai, the then inspector of police, Thilagar Thidal Police Station had registered a case against Bose. According to the prosecution, Bose had received a loan of more than Rs 11 lakh from Chellathurai in 2004 for the expenses while he contested as an MP. He agreed to pay the amount at the rate of 18% and the total due amount came to Rs 13,42,500 in 2007.On August 16, 2007 at about 7pm, Bose came to Chellathurai's office at Simmakkal.When Chellthuarai demanded the repayment of loan, Bose abused and threatened to kill him. , if he talked further about the money transaction.Hence, the police filed a charge-sheet against Bose. tnnfor the offences.After filing the charge-sheet, Bose filed a discharge petition before the judicial magistrate, Madurai. The magistrate dismissed the discharge petition in 2010. Aggrieved over the said order, Bose filed the present revision petition in the Madurai bench. tnnWhen the matter came up for hearing before Justice P R Shivakumar, Bose appeared in person and submitted that the dispute arose based only on money and now it was settled amicably between the two parties.After recording the compromise between them, Justice Shivakumar discharged Bose of the offences for which he sought to be prosecuted before the trial court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11663757", "title": "Firm executive held for uploading obscene photos of girlfriend", "text": "NAGPUR: A pharma company executive has been arrested for allegedly taking obscene pictures of his girlfriend and uploading them on a social networking site, police said today.Ajay Shalikram Gajbhiye, working as regional chief of a pharmaceutical firm here, took the girl to a nearby resort and offered her spiked soft drink. He then took her objectionable pictures on his mobilephone, they said.The 37-year-old managed to gain the victim's confidence and got the password of her account on the social networking site, where he uploaded these photos, they said.When the girl came to know about it, she blocked her account but Gajbhiye opened a fictitious account and continued with his misdeeds, police said.Police arrested Gajbhiye yesterday and booked him under relevant sections of IPC, including the one related to outraging the modesty of a woman, and Information Technology Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11658917", "title": "Missing elderly man found murdered", "text": "JAIPUR: The body of a 70-yearold man, who had gone missing from his house in Jawahar Nagar a week ago, was found in an abandoned house in Pratap Nagar on Friday. The man's throat was slit with a sharp-edged weapon. Police suspect that his body was dumped in the house at least two days ago.According to police, the deceased, identified as Anand Swaroop, a retired census officer, was a resident of Bharfkhana in Jawahar Nagar. \"Anand Swaroop had left his house on January 20 early morning saying he would return soon,\" said a police officer.He added that when Swaroop did not return till late evening, the family members registered a missing complaint with the Jawahar Nagar police station.\"On Friday, two children returning from school spotted blood stains on floor of an under-construction house. They spotted a body and then rushed to Jawahar Nagar police station. They informed the policemen there about the body,\" the officer said.A police team was then immediately rushed to the house. \"The body had injury marks on the neck caused by a sharpedged weapon,\" the officer said.\"Going by the condition of the body, it seems that the man was murdered at least 48 hours ago,\" the officer said, adding, \"We are recording the statement of the family members. They have raised their suspicion over some tenants who had a property dispute with the deceased.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11657247", "title": "Fire engulfs 4 Canacona shops", "text": "In a major fire incident at Palolem, in Canacona taluka on Thursday night, three garment shops and one shop selling musical instruments were gutted reducing to ashes property worth Rs 25,000 By the time the fire brigade personnel arrived, the shops were fully gutted. Kashinath Amonkar, Canacona fire station in charge, said that the cause of the fire is not known. Pradip Naik, chief officer of Canacona municipal council (CMC), said that the garment shops belong to Vallu Nayak of Karnataka, Ajay Kanja of Gujarat, Pappu C Karbani of Kashmir and Ishwar Nayak of Karnataka. The fifth shop adjacent to these, which belonged to Mohan Gurappa Lamani, was partially damaged, he added. In another incident, Amonkar informed that a cashew and coconut plantation at Khola suffered a loss of Rs 40,000 in another fire on Thursday.Margao house robbed: In a daylight robbery on Friday at Pajifond in Margao, unidentified culprits broke into the house belonging to Harish Makwana and decamped with gold ornaments worth nearly Rs 1.8 lakh. Police sources informed that the incident occurred at around 1.30pm when the house was locked. The thieves gained entry into the house through the backdoor, police said. Investigations are under way.GCZMA inspects structures at Colva: Alleged violations of Coastal Regulation Zone (CRZ) by structures near the Colva beach were looked into by the Goa Coastal Zone Management Authority (GCZMA) on January 27. The GCZMA, who conducted the impromptu site inspection based on the complaints filed by Colva Civic and Consumer Forum (CCCF), video filmed the entire inspection and said that action would be initiated against anyone found to have violated CRZ norms. \"We will be carrying out further investigations, but we would like to first check if and how NOCs were awarded to these structures by the local panchayat body,\" said GCZMA's senior member Arvind Gajanan Untawale, who headed the inspection team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11658892", "title": "21-yr-old student who stopped Mane felicitated", "text": "PUNE: The Poona Kerala Muslim Jamat (PKMJ) on Thursday felicitated 21-year-old Poona college student Sharif Ibrahim Kutty for saving many lives by overpowering rogue bus driver Santosh Mane (40) of Solapur who took over a parked state transport bus and went on the rampage killing eight people and injuring 32 on Wednesday.PKMJ chairman K K Abdul Majeed felicitated Kutty for his heroic act and presented him a memento and Rs 11,000 on Republic Day. Majeed, in a statement on Friday, said that Kutty's name will also be recommended to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan for a bigger reward through the Pune Congress Committee.Kutty followed the bus as Mane droves through arterial roads hitting all that came his way. Near Sarasbaug when he slowed down after two cars blocked any further progress, Kutty abandoned his two-wheeler and jumped into the bus and dragged Mane out from the cabin. The felicitation function was attended by the organisation's vice president K M Mushtak and office bearers K K Abdul Gafur, K P Aboobacker and others.Meanwhile, United Kerala Foundation general secretary K S Ravi also felicitated Kutty for his deed. Kutty told TOI that he was happy to receive felicitations from various organisations including some corporators for his role on Wednesday. \"However, I have not been able to sleep since Wednesday night as the incident of the bus speeding through the city killing innocent people is haunting me,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11663852", "title": "India needs more young leaders: Manmohan Singh", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh today said the country needs more youth leaders to infuse creativity, energy and dynamism in different fields of national endeavour.\"I have great faith in the youth of our country. I have no doubt that given the right opportunity, they will rise to the occasion.\"Our country needs many more youth leaders to infuse creativity, energy and dynamism in different fields of national endeavour,\" Singh said while addressing the NCC's annual rally at the Garrison Parade Ground here.Singh, who took the salute of an impressive parade by NCC's mounting and marching contingents, also lauded their contribution in various fields including sports and community service.\"I am very happy to learn that NCC cadets extended invaluable help in the aftermath of the serial bomb blast in Mumbai and the earthquake last year,\" he said.Many national leaders including freedom fighter Subash Chandra Bose were NCC cadets, Singh said.The Prime Minister also conveyed his wishes to cadets from other countries and asked them to carry back message of friendship, love and peace from India.Cadets representing 17 directorates dotted the landscape with vibrant colours at the ground, where the Prime Minister also distributed awards to the cadets.The march past was followed by a spectacular display of various skills by the cadets of the NCC's three wings.Particularly eye-catching was the creation of a modern war-field by the Army wing cadets of NCC, who carried out thrilling and daring drops from helicopters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11658118", "title": "Strikes make male nurses castaways", "text": "KOCHI: The strike by nurses across the country for better pay and other benefits seem to have taken a toll on the prospects of male nurses. Blaming them for inciting agitations, the private hospital managements are now ticking off the names of male nurses from their employee list. The worst-affected are those working in cities such as Delhi, Mumbai, and Kolkata.Many of them from Kerala have already returned home as they had signed bonds giving the management the right to sack them without notice. The situation is no different in the state where male nurses add up to 5% of the total nursing population. Recently a multi-specialty hospital in the state capital advertised in the media with a footnote forbidding the male nurses from applying for vacancies. Two major hospitals in Kochi too have given red card to male nurses.According to S V Biju, programme chairperson of Trained Nurses Association of India, Kerala branch, since almost all hospitals outside the state insist on signing bonds, many male nurses have lost their jobs after the strikes began. \"There is a general notion that male nurses are instrumental in precipitating strikes,\" he said. The nationwide strike had also made ripples in the state. Nurses from hospitals in Kollam, Kochi, and Thrissur agitated against exploitation by hospital managements. Last week, the nurses of Little Flower Hospital in Angamaly too came out in protest against the management's move to deny employment after training.Sobin Jose, a resident of Cherthala who lost his job in a private hospital in Delhi, has looking for employment in the state. But the hospitals in state too are not keen in hiring male nurses. \"I tried many hospitals in Kochi, but all private institutions now prefer female nurses,\" said Sobin. He is now trying for a job with the Co-operative Medical College. \"If I do not succeed in that, I will try a job abroad,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11656701", "title": "UP polls: BJP promises to do away with minority quota", "text": "LUCKNOW: The fight over Muslim sub-quota within the OBC job quota escalated, with the BJP declaring its intent to abolish what it called the religion-based reservation scheme in its manifesto released here on Friday.Opposition to the \"minority quota\" - the key issue in the assembly poll campaign this time around - finds pride of place on the first page of the manifesto, where the party has tried to outbid its rivals to woo the voters.The 72-page manifesto, released hurriedly, promises round-the-clock uninterrupted power supply to agriculture and industry, good and affordable homes for everyone, free tablet computers and laptop to poor students and creation of one core jobs in the next five years. While SP had promised free laptops and tablets for all, the BJP manifesto says it would be given free to poor students while the rest would have to pay a nominal charge.The booklet, with picture of Atal Bihari Vajpayee on its cover, claims to be a model to reinvent UP, pledges good governance, clean politics and social justice and confines temple agenda to a customary one-liner in the preface that the party was committed to remove all hurdles hampering the mandir nirman. Besides free ration, free medical facilities and pension, those below the poverty line have been promised a free cow even as the manifesto vows to ban the cow-slaughter across the state.\"Congress has decided to truncate benefits available to the backward castes by doling out 4.5% reservation to minorities and its senior leaders have promised to expand the quota to 9%. BJP is committed to protect the interests of OBC. It will immediately scrap the 4.5% minority quota once it comes to power,\" the document says.BJP is uniquely placed to raise its ante on \"Muslim quota\" as unlike other parties it does not have to worry about annoying the members of the minority community. Lack of support from Muslims has been, except during the 90s when the issue of Ram temple fanned \"Hindu\" sentiment, a handicap for the BJP. However, it has given the party an opening to engage in an OBC outreach without having to worry about hurting any of its supporters.UP politics in the 90s was seen as a battle between the pulls of rival planks of kamandal or BJP's temple campaign and mandal, or the effort of non-Congress \"secular\" parties to rally the numerically preponderant OBCs around the job quota. The \"Muslim\" quota presents BJP with an opportunity to blend both. The sub-text of BJP's attack on quota is the old theme of appeasement\", but the party has been able to cloak it in Mandal lingo.Predictably, the party has also repeated its promise to build a grand Ram temple at Ayodhya. The temple finds a mention in the preface, and not in the main manifesto. But the ritualistic tone only makes it evident that the party is banking more on the new version of kamandal politics.The effort to reach out to OBCs does not come at the expense of BJP's traditional sympathy for the upper castes, its core constituency. To keep them happy the party has promised a savarn ayog (upper caste commission). The ayog would submit its report within six months.CM Mayawati is specially targeted. The BJP promises to set up a inquiry commission to investigate corruption and scams during her tenure and stresses that \"not only the guilty be sent to prison, their property will also be confiscated\". It also talks about \"restructuring the memorials built during the BSP regime\". While condemning the \"tendency to use the memorials for personal glorification it promises 'new statutes to join existing dalit icons. The names listed interestingly include non-Jatav dalits and OBC icons like Uda Devi, Jhalkari Bai and Bijali Pasi .Farmers have been offered numerous sops, mainly debt-waiver up to Rs l lakh, and loan at the rate of 1% interest. The SP had promised loan-waiver up to Rs 50,000. The segment would be assured of 24-hour power supply if the party was voted to power. Then farmers with small holdings and farmlands can expect pension after the age of 65 along with artisans and weavers. Irrigation facilities for farmers would be made free, and Bundelkhand would be developed on the pattern of Israel model of drip irrigation.Below poverty line segment and their colonies can expect free 24-hour power supply, apart from a good and affordable home for everyone by 2017. The segment has also been promised \"medical facilities in four sate- of-the-art medical institutes on the pattern of AIIMS even as the senior citizens and children below five years would be treated free of cost. Poor students up to class XII have been promised free books, four pair of uniforms, a pair of shoes and school bag apart from tablet and laptop. Others would be given subsidy and need to pay only Rs 1,000 for laptop and Rs 5,000 for computers.Lucknow, Kanpur, Allahabad, Varanasi, Agra and Gorakhpur have been promised metro and rapid transport facilities and Purvanchal and Bundelkhad could expect special package for industrial development.Lucknow, Agra, Varanasi and Jhansi would have international airports and Chitrakoot and Ayodhya would get airports. The party has also promised to increase power generation to 20,000 mw.Assembly elections 2012 newsUP assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "11655221", "title": "NCP joins hands with RPI factions", "text": "AMRAVATI: Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) joined hands with Gavai and Khobragade factions of Republican Party of India. A formal announcement to this effect was made by tribal development minister Baban Pachpute here on Friday.Pachpute said that NCP will make pre-poll alliance with the Gavai and Khobragade factions of Republican Party of India. He said, PRI will contest on eight seats zilla parishad seats and nine in panchayat samiti polls with NCP. In Amravati Municipal Corporation, 10 RPI candidates will get ticket.Pachpute said, NCP may declare its list of candidates on January 29. He said 90% is prepared only at some places. \"There are some problems which will be solved after which NCP will declare its final list. Our activists understand that they would not create problem and we have taken care of activists while taking a decision on seat distribution,\" he said. NCP has eight representatives in Amravati ZP and 19 corporators in AMC .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11661101", "title": "Private agency to clean up villages", "text": "VADODARA: In a first-of-its-kind public-private sanitation project in rural areas in the state, the district administration has roped in a private firm to clean up villages in Vadodara.The district rural development agency (DRDA) and taluka panchayat designed this project along with Centre for Development and Communication (CDC), a private non-profit making agency. Under the project, nine vehicles have started picking up solid waste from 16 villages in Vadodara district from Thursday. The waste will be disposed at a wasteland in Atladara.The project has been initiated to clean up public places in rural areas. \"As per the contract, CDC will collect solid waste door to door, streets and public places in 16 villages. The agency will also create awareness among villagers on how to maintain sanitation in their houses and streets,\" said district development officer (DDO) Rakesh Shankar.\"Sanitation in urban areas is taken care of by the municipal corporation but rural areas remain unattended most of the time. So we thought of initiating this project. All the vehicles will collect about 40 tonnes of garbage everyday from the 16 villages. The gram panchayat will also actively participate in the sanitation programme,\" Shankar added.The unique aspect of the project is that the district administration will not spend a single penny from its pocket. CDC will bear the expenditure of the vehicles and its maintenance. Also, the district administration is putting dustbins in public places with the help of local communities. \"If successful, we will cover entire taluka will be under the project. We have tied up with CDC for a period of five years. The agency will recover its cost by collecting 'safai vero' (cleanliness charges) from these villages through the local gram panchayats,\" Shankar told TOI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11661027", "title": "Monami Ghosh to do an item number in Partha\u2019s film", "text": "Monami Ghosh will be dancing to an item number in Partha Chakrabarty's untitled film. \"My first item number was for \"Bhuter Bhabishyat\".This song goes like \"Bijli Rani naam amar\" and the moves will be in Bollywood style. I will be wearing a ghagra-choli in the number choreographed by Saikat,\" said Monami. When asked about being typecast as an item dancer, she said \"I love to dance. If I get any opportunity to do so, I'll grab it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "11655513", "title": "Hunger strike staged for med college", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Even as the city celebrated Republic Day with gusto, Prahar organization, a crusader for setting up medical college here, staged a day-long hunger strike to catch the attention of the state government. Taking cognizance of the people's demand, MP Hansraj Ahir assured to take up the matter with the Union ministry for health.Dozens of activists of Prahar gathered at Jatpura Gate here on Thursday and staged hunger strike demanding setting up of medical college at Chandrapur. Some activists wore T-shirts with the demand for a medical college written on them. Hundreds of passerby-by stopped at agitation place and patted the agitators for their efforts for the cause.President of Prahar Pradeep Deshmukh, who led the agitation, said that they would not keep quiet until the government approves a medical college for Chandrapur.He warned of launching a month-long chain hunger strike for the purpose. If the government still did not budge, the organization would undertake indefinite hunger strike from May 1, the Maharashtra day, he said. tnnHe demanded inclusion of Chandrapur into the list of medical colleges approved for four cities in the state during the cabinet meeting held on January 2.Meanwhile, MP Hansraj Ahir has decided to take up the people's demand for medical college here. He has sought details of the correspondence the Prahar organization had with the state government on the issue and assured to take up the matter with the Union health ministry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "11658845", "title": "Nurse case: Another absconder gives up", "text": "JODHPUR: After Pukh Raj Bishnoi and Dinesh Bishnoi surrendered before the CBI on Wednesday, another person wanted and proclaimed absconder in connection with the Bhanwari Devi case, Reshma Ram Bishnoi, surrendered the before the agency on Thursday. The agency arrested him and produced him in court on Friday, which remanded him in CBI custody till January 30.With his arrest, the CBI is looking forward to the surrender of Indra Bishnoi who is being seen as another prime suspect of the case. She has been absconding for the past two months. \"Reshma Ram's arrest is meant to build a pressure on Indra Bishnoi and forcing her to surrender as he is a her close friend and neighbour. He is also believed to be aware of her whereabouts,\" CBI counsel S S Yadav said in court.So far, three out of the four absconders have surrendered before the CBI. It is believed that Indra Bishnoi will surrender in a day or two. \"The CBI is now at a position to file its final chargesheet in court and with the surrender of Indra, the agency will finalize the chargesheet, likely to be filed in first week of February,\" a source said.On the other hand, Sahil son of Bhanwari Devi is not satisfied with the security provided to him by police. He had written a letter to the police some time back seeking to depute two policemen at his house. \"They had provided two policemen of whom one used to be at home and the other used to move with me, wherever I go. But now there is only one and he comes very irregularly,\" Sahil said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11657334", "title": "Court sticks to 3-plus age criteria for nursery entry", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a breather for the state government, the Delhi high court on Friday refused to tinker with the existing nursery admission process in the capital's private unaided schools, allowing them to admit children aged three-plus. It said that nursery (pre-school) would continue to be treated as the entry level for all such schools which have nursery as well as higher classes.Kids admitted at the age of three-plus will get promotion to pre-primary in the next year so that parents don't have to undertake the admission process again, said the court.\"We don't find any proper reason or rationale to keep pre-school apart and segregated by those regular schools where pre-school facilities exist and admission starts from that stage. It is in interest of all stakeholders that in such schools, pre-school is treated as entry level,\" a bench of Acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Shah Endlaw said. \"However, in those schools where there is no pre-school level, pre-primary which would be treated as the entry level where admission is to be given to the children at the age of 4-plus,\" it added, dismissing a PIL filed by NGO Social Jurist challenging the current admission process.The bench relied on the Right to Education Act instead of the findings of Ganguly Committee which had said that children below the age of four years should not be burdened with the schooling process.\"We do not agree with the findings of Ganguly Committee as even the Right to Education Act provides for the inclusive elementary education for all the children since their conception to eight years of age,\" it observed, pointing out that RTE specifically mandates 25% quota for poor kids even at the pre-school level and the Act would be violated if kids from the economically weaker section are provided pre-school facility while those under general category are denied the same.Social Jurist, through advocate Ashok Agarwal, had referred to the inconsistent age criteria and admission process adopted by different private schools and had pointed out that some schools have been admitting children over three years of age, while others have been taking in only four-plus children. This has led to the creation of two entry levels.It had sought a \"stay of the order dated Dec 16, 2011, of the Delhi government, to the extent that it permits unaided recognized private schools of Delhi to conduct admissions to pre-school as entry level class in the academic session 2012-13\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11656335", "title": "City poet recounts French influence", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A year-long project by Alliance Francaise d'Ahmedabad, titled Franco-Gujarati Literary Links 2012, started on Friday with a talk by eminent Gujarati poet Niranjan Bhagat on \"What I learnt from Baudelaire\".The talk at the Gujarati Sahitya Parishad gave literary enthusiasts a glimpse of Paris that had given rise to modern thoughts and the poet who is synonymous with this city of dreams - Charles Baudelaire .Bhagat, who has translated the French poet's work in both English and Gujarati, went on a nostalgic reverie, recounting the poet's influence on his work. Baudelaire has remained a prophet of the city as opposed to pastoral images in his poetry, but his creations went beyond that in its rich layers of symbolism, imagery and allegory.Bhagat also pointed out Baudelaire's significance to modernist literature, whose work had preceded movements like the stream of consciousness.The poet of the city had captured the angst of modern times in his Le Cygne, a poem which was greatly emphasized by Bhagat as the first modern work for its symbolist lore and universal metaphors, and undertones of identity.The talk was part of an annual series, which will see eminent poets, theatre personalities and literary giants of the city recounting their experiences with French influences.\"The idea is to archive the Franco-Gujarati link that will be elucidated in this series, so that new exchanges can happen after this,\" said Chintan Pandya of Alliance Francaise d'Ahmedabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11659154", "title": "Two suspects in Pandian murder case surrender", "text": "COIMBATORE: Two persons surrendered before a Judicial Magistrate Court at Mettupalayam on Friday morning introducing themselves as members of a gang probed by police in connection with the murder of C Pasupathi Pandian, a dalit leader and founder of the Devendra Kula Vellalar Kuttamaippu.The duo, identified as M Selvamani (38) and K Prabhu (23), are natives of Mugavoor near Rajapalayam in Virudhunagar district. After hearing their plea, magistrate M Rafeeq sent them to 15 days of judicial custody. They were taken to Coimbatore Central Jail amidst heavy police security. According to police, one of the five special teams probing the murder of the 51-year-old dalit leader would approach the court seeking their custody on Saturday.Pandian was hacked to death near Dindigul by an armed gang on January 10 night. A native of Tuticorin, Pandian was sitting in front of his house at Nandavanapatti, near Thadicombu in Dindigul district, when a five-member gang arrived on motorcycles and slit his throat. The murder, the outcome of a long-standing blood feud, sparked off tension in the southern districts.On January 23, a special investigation wing arrested two persons, including a woman, in connection with the murder. M Muthupandi and Nirmala, sister of a head constable, are presently lodged in Madurai and Trichy prisons respectively. Police said Muthupandi, a panchayat councillor from Dindigul, had introduced Nirmala to the prime suspect in Pandian murder, Subhash Pannaiyar, in Chennai two-and-half-years ago. Both went to Chennai to meet Pannaiyar. Later, Nimala was allegedly monitoring the movement of Pandian and his supporters.Police claimed that she went to Pasupathi Pandian's house posing as someone needing his help in settling a dispute and surveyed the place. Nirmala reportedly met Pannaiyar three days before the murder in Palani. She also hired a house for the accused at Nandhavanapatti. Two other accused in the case, M. Arumugasamy (29) and J. Arulanandhan (26), surrendered in Valliyur court in Tirunelveli district last week. Fourteen suspects including prime suspect Subhash Pannaiyar, brother of late Venkatesa Pannaiyar of Tuticorin, are absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11658263", "title": "CBI collects details of over dozen more firms", "text": "LUCKNOW: Even as the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) prepares to make some more arrests in the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) scam, a team from its headquarters in Delhi reached the office of Jaunpur chief medical officer (CMO) with a host of queries related to some purchases earlier, in the present financial year. Meanwhile, some CBI sleuths visited the office of Registrar, Chit Funds, and other small-scale units to collect details of over a dozen different firms registered with them. The Friday visit was a sequel to the one that took place on January 25 when a batch of over half-a-dozen officers and their subordinates arrived at the office of the registrar with a list of companies which were under the CBI scanner in connection with the NRHM scam.Sources in the CBI said that the investigators were busy joining the dots to prepare a strong case against at least a dozen other officials, contractors and promoters of companies under the CBI scanner before proceeding with the arrests. As on date, sources in the CBI were of the view that the tally of arrested accused in all the eight FIRs lodged by the CBI after the investigations were handed over to it was likely to cross 35. It may be mentioned here that the CBI had summoned no less than 21 persons from Lucknow, including middle rung officials from the UP health department and Jal Nigam apart from a host of contractors and businessmen to its headquarters in Delhi last week. All those who appeared before the CBI have been asked not to leave their city under any circumstances without the CBI's permission or knowledge.Sources said that investigators are busy fixing the accountability of some of those who were summoned after they have been found prima-facie guilty of participating in a criminal conspiracy to cause losses to the state exchequer. \"In some cases, officers had stepped beyond their authority to facilitate a fellow officer who had a criminal intent but the officer himself had not benefitted from the crime. We are planning to keep all such individuals out of the probe at least for the time being,\" said a senior CBI officer supervising the probe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11658430", "title": "Gokhale Hall gets a new lease of life", "text": "CHENNAI: The historic Gokhale Hall, which escaped the sledge-hammer in 2008 due to an eleventh hour intervention by the Madras high court, is all set to get a new lease of life as the court has now asked the authorities to implement a comprehensive restoration plan.A division bench comprising Justice Elipe Dharma Rao and Justice N Kirubakaran, passing orders on a public interest writ petition filed by a Young Men's Indian Association (YMIA) life member E Jayakumar, also said that it was satisfied with the revival package drafted by the Heritage Conservation Committee of the CMDA. The PIL wanted the court to direct the civic authorities to take all necessary steps to protect the Besant Memorial Building alias Gokhale Hall as a heritage building and to take appropriate steps for its preservation.The hall was in news for wrong reasons, after the incumbent office-bearers of the YMIA had decided to raze it and construct a commercial complex at the site. Just when the demolition started in 2008, the high court stepped in and stayed its further damage.It later asked the INTACH to conduct a survey of the structure and file a report. On the basis of its report on June 11, 2010, the court had directed the Heritage Conservation Committee of the CMDA to inspect the hall and submit its report. Its report was filed on October 31, 2011.The present bench headed by Justice Elipe Dharma Rao accepted its recommendations, and said suggestions such as uprooting all vegetation growths in the building and he premises would revive the building. Concurring with the submissions of the committee, the judges said all wooden and other materials including floor planks, wooden roof joints, windows and door frames/shutters should be retained, as they would be required for restoration. Besides removing debris from the premises, the authorities must protect the building from the elements by covering it with all-weather materials. \"We are satisfied that if the said measures are taken, it will protect the hall,\" the judges said closing the PIL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "11657988", "title": "And now, farming lessons on YouTube", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Apparently, YouTube is not just an entertainment mantra for the youth, as apart from belting out the likes of Kolaveri Di, it has started educating people on farming.Initiated by the Indian Institute of Spices Research, Kozhikode, the YouTube lessons on agriculture have been attracting many e-literate farmers in and around Kerala.The IISR scientists have uploaded success stories of farmers who have sought the help of research institutions in the state for improving productivity.The Institute has also launched a YouTube channel to spread awareness on agriculture. Anyone can access the IISR channel on which six videos on success stories of farmers, services and assistance provided by IISR, etc have been uploaded.Videos produced under the project 'Mobilizing Mass Media Support for Sharing Agro-Information' have been uploaded on YouTube, said Dr T John Zachariah, principal investigator of the project. Augmenting Black Pepper and Prathibha Turmeric are two of the videos much in demand. Prathibha Turmeric tells the story of two farmers, 72-year-old Chandra Shekhar Asad of Vijayawada, and Malayali farmer Abdul Nabeel of Gundalpet, who have been cultivating the Prathibha turmeric variety developed by IISR.E-literacy isn't a new thing for farmers outside Kerala, says John Zachariah. The farmer, Chandra Shekhar Azad, is a frequent Internet user. He upgrades his knowledge by contacting scientists in our institution through e-mails, Zachariah says.Augmenting Black Pepper is the story of pepper farmers in Kodagu district of Karnataka who have successfully adopted high production technologies developed by the Cardamom Research Centre. Videos on the success of Broiler Goat rearing technology popularized by Peruvannamuzhi Krishi Vigyan Kendra of the IISR, and a video presentation on IISR have also been uploaded on YouTube.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11658163", "title": "Collector escapes contempt proceedings", "text": "KOCHI: Kerala High Court's order to initiate contempt of court proceedings against Kollam district collector was dropped on Thursday after the collector submitted that the court's order to revoke the land assignment order granted illegally to a three-star bar restaurant at Kottarakkara has been complied with.Considering the case on October 17 last year, division bench of Justice CN Ramachandran Nair and Justice PS Gopinathan had asked the collector to revoke the land assignment order, which violated the norms set by the tahasildar, before January 19 or appear before the court in person to face contempt proceedings.When the case came up in October, the court had ordered the construction of a special ward worth Rs 50 lakh at a government hospital in Kottarakkara in compensation for the encroachment of land by the three-star restaurant. The court ordered for the construction of the special ward at Kottarakkara taluk hospital to compensate for the encroachment of 2.5 cents of land by the bar set up at a cost of Rs 10 crore in 27.5 cents of land beside the MC Road at Pulamon.After finding that the panchayat also erred in the re-survey, the court had held that it would be futile to order for demolition of the building. Instead, the parties can build a ward for the benefit of poor patients, the court had ruled.Noticing that the Kottarakkara panchayat hasn't filed a case against the bar operators for the encroachment but the act was unearthed by the tahasildar, the court had ordered that the property shall be deemed to be regularized if the parties, two brothers, pay up the money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11658966", "title": "New power game in North 24-Pgns CPM", "text": "KOLKATA: Staying in government had become an end for the Bengal CPM. The perception was growing among the party ranks since the fourth Left Front government in the Nineties. Those who raised their voices in party forum were either got a Naxalite tag, or considered immature. Voted out of power now, the criticism has made way into the CPM's draft political-organizational report for the ongoing North 24-Parganas conference.The draft has spent two paragraphs on the mismatch between what the party says about social change and revolution, and what it is doing. \"We have been consciously and carefully avoiding the stock-taking. There is lack of clarity between saying and doing, and the problem lies here. Nowadays this realization is also missing due to lack of ideological struggle within the party,\" the party document says. Sounds similar to what veteran Marxist and former finance minister Ashok Mitra has been saying?Senior party delegates to the conference would, however, suggest not to read much into it. They take these admissions as rituals or tools to promote or discredit factions engaged in the power game. \"The agenda of the debate is often set with an organizational motive, it is never the other way round. Look at the people at the helm - Tarit Topdar, Manas Mukherjee, Ranjit Kundu, Amitava Nandy. They are the district leaders who have led the party for ages. I don't believe that they are going to change course. Do you need to set up a party commission against those who have amassed huge wealth while the party was in power?,\" a party delegate said, even as CPM state secretariat Surjya Kanta Mishra stressed the need \"for people with good public image\" in the party, while inaugurating the conference.Delegates in the conferencepointed out how the leaders who have drafted the report have themselves flouted principles, stifled democracy at lower levels for narrow factional gains, and established a command system with a high dose of centralism. \"All these have been done with a factional motive. And in this exercise, the leaders have chosen a peculiar coexistence - let two people from your faction come in the committee and three from mine. That has been the goal,\" a delegate pointed out.Cadres instead want these \"chieftains\" to come down from the \"ivory tower\" and show them the way. \"A party leader does not become a leader of the toiling masses by dint of his party position. He has to understand the problems of the trade, as also the workers before commanding respect,\" a delegate said. Some held that there was no government in the state since 2007. The party and administration wavered to take a stand.\"Even senior state committee members made comments against each other (pointing to the debate over industrialization) and ended by making vulgar comments ( Anil Basu ) and obscene gestures (Biman Bose). Who will control them?\" a delegate said.Going by the tenor of the debate, party veterans expected little change in party functioning. The only new feature in the North 24-Parganas CPM is a grand alliance between different factions led by Tarit Topdar, Ranjit Kundu and Manas Mukherjee to keep Amitava Nandi at bay. Former housing minister and state secretariat member Gautam Deb is the cementing force behind this grand alliance. Deb took the job at hand with the indulgence from party mandarins in Alimuddin Street. However, the leaders of the grand alliance do not represent an overwhelming majority. For instance, CPM leaders Rabin Mandal has kept himself away, so has former minister Rekha Goswami. According to party insiders, Amitava Nandi does not stand a chance in the power game. At the same time, faces such as Tarit Topdar are also not acceptable. In such a situation, the present secretary Amitava Bose is likely to continue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11656794", "title": "Child rights panel seeks report on battered baby", "text": "NEW DELHI: The National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) has ordered a detailed investigation in the battered baby case and asked for a report from Delhi Police in 15 days.The severely injured two-year-old girl is struggling for life in an intensive care unit of the AIIMS trauma centre. The baby has serious head injuries, which have caused permanent brain damage, her cheeks are burnt, arms broken and she has had two cardiac arrests in the last four days.According to reports, a 14-year-old, who brought her to the centre on January 18 and claimed to be the mother, has confessed to beating up the baby in a fit of rage and frustration.The teenager fled home in May 2011 to escape an abusive father and ended up with a boyfriend who abused her sexually. The 22-year-old man, who is on the run, is reportedly married and has family in Mumbai.\"This is one of the most horrific cases that has come to the notice of the commission since its inception. It indicates the need to alert one and all in the neighbourhood to report any case of abuse that has come to their notice both to the police and the nearest CWC. These acts of violence cannot be ignored as a private issue. They have to be recognised as violation of human rights and as a public matter,\" NCPCR chairperson Shantha Sinha said.The commission has also asked for a status report on the baby's health along with facts indicating under what circumstances the baby was separated from her parents and brought to the present place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11658086", "title": "YMCA 'youth assembly' opens", "text": "PATNA: Youth's first priority should be to build their career and safeguard and preserve the natural resources, speakers at the three-day 7th Youth Assembly of eastern region of Young Men's Christian Association (YMCAs) said on Friday.Emphasis should be laid on the conservation of environment. It is degrading day by day. If it continues, the coming generation will have to suffer a lot, the speakers said.Nearly 100 delegates from West Bengal, Odisha, Sikkim, Jharkhand and Bihar participated in the event at A N Sinha Institute of Social Studies.YMCA president Pastor Samuel Daniel welcomed the guests. The event was inaugurated by St Michael's High School principal Peter Arockiasamy. The theme of the event is 'Choices and challenges of youth today'.Another speaker, Nirmala Daizy Ekka, called upon women to come forward and grab the opportunities. \"You should not hesitate to rub shoulders with your male counterparts,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "11657426", "title": "ST community to play big role in Priol polls", "text": "PONDA: Scheduled tribe community is likely to play a major role in the forthcoming assembly elections in Priol constituency, presently represented by Pandurang Dhavalikar (MGP). But whether ST voters will decide the future of the constituency will depend upon two factors-on whether BJP will have an alliance with MGP and also on who the Congress candidate will be, some political analysts say.The Congress party has shortlisted two names of the prospective candidates for Priol - Kanta Gawde and Dhaku Madkaikar, brother of Cumbarjua MLA Pandurang Madkaikar. ST leader Govind Gaude who contested on Congress ticket from Madkai in 2007, is poised to be in the fray but not on Congress ticket.Scheduled Tribe (ST) community has about 12,300 electors in Priol and capable to decide the representative of the constituency. The community has proved it by electing Dr Kashinath Jalmi and Vishwas Satarkar for several tenures.Dr Jalmi as a candidate of MGP has won the seat in the elections held in 1989 and 1994, thereafter Vishwas Satarkar (BJP) took over in 1999 and retained it in 2002. In 2007, Dhavalikar, who is not from the ST community, has won the seat.In 2007, Dhavalikar had polled 51.03% votes over Vishwas Satarkar's (BJP) 30.19% of votes.After the tribal agitation last year, main political parties also seem to be making efforts to appease the community. If there is BJP alliance with MGP, Deepak will be the alliance candidate against Congress and getting re-elected will be very smooth for him. Gaude will also be in the fray.If there is no alliance, there will be a clash between MGP and BJP which will give an advantage to the Congress. Deepak nonetheless has a strong influence in the constituency.Gaude and Madkaikar's candidature would create a split among the ST community votes resulting in loss to the duo. However if any one compromises, the community candidate can win the seat, analysts feel.Priol is also seen as a stronghold of Maharashtrawadi Gomantak Party (MGP). Dr Jalmi and Dhavalikar are the candidates of MGP.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11657256", "title": "City carnival committee reconstituted", "text": "PANAJI: Panjim Carnival Committee has been reconstituted on Wednesday with CCP commissioner Agnelo Fernandes as chairperson and Joaquim Teles as its president. The carnival parade will be held in Panaji on February 18.The committee was reconstituted as there was hardly any representation from the capital city's citizens. Election commission officials, in the first week of January, had told mediapersons that Carnival could be celebrated, provided that its organizing committee did not comprise any political functionaries.But, a week later, the CCP announced that it had formed a Carnival organizing committee with city mayor Yatin Parekh as its chairperson. Over 50% of the committee comprised CCP councillors, incidentally, most of them from Taleigao. Social activist Rui Ferreira lodged a complaint with the chief election commission that the committee constituted was a violation of the election code of conduct. The new committee comprises Francisco Martins and Tony Dias as advisors; Timoteo Fernandes, Napolean D'Souza, Messias Tavares, Hipolito Dias, Mario Fernandes, Nolasco Pereira and John D'Silva as vice presidents; John Aguiar as secretary and Thomas Machado as joint treasurer. Committee members are Lourenco Fernandes, Aaron Teles, Cheryl Almeida, Herculano Ribeiro, Roderic Monteiro, Nicola Lopes, Aloysius D'Souza, Greg Furtado and Prasad Amonkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "11662376", "title": "Shun bandhs for economic development: Guv J J Singh", "text": "ITANAGAR: Expressing concern over the 'bandh culture' prevalent in the state, Arunachal Pradesh Governor Gen JJ Singh exhorted the people to defy the trend for all-round development of the state. Unfurling the Tricolour on the occasion of Republic Day at Indira Gandhi Park here on Thursday, the governor made it clear that the state government would not tolerate bandhs in future and would deal with all such anti-national activities with a stern hand.\"Violent and forcible bandhs have no place in a democracy and by no definition can they be considered a democratic means of protest. They can never be a replacement for dialogue and negotiations,\" Gen Singh said.Referring to unabated extortion by rebel outfits in the troubled Tirap and Changlang districts of the state, the governor informed that the massive developmental package announced by the Centre recently would have an exemplary turnaround effect on the insurgency situation in the two districts.\"The package will enable exhaustive strengthening of the existing police set-up and the recruitment of almost 2,000 youths in the police force from these two districts,\" he pointed out. Gen Singh said the first battalion of Arunachal Scouts has already been raised and the state government was actively pursuing the Centre for raising the second battalion. \"Our Army has plans for considerable additional deployment in the state and setting up of new formation headquarters and units has already been initiated at several locations,\" he informed.The state cabinet recently approved setting up of the Forest Protection Force, which would mainly be deployed along the Assam border and would help strengthen and guard the sensitive border, he disclosed. \"Additional deployment of border guarding forces along the international border to check cross-border movement of insurgents is also on the cards,\" the governor, said, amid thunderous applause from the crowd, who thronged the venue despite inclement weather.On the developmental front, Gen Singh said while physical infrastructure development projects are more or less on track in the state, there was a significant gap in the potential and present development levels of socio-economic infrastructure. \"The government will focus on capacity building and employment generation. A holistic approach based on a complete paradigm shift will be developed for the agriculture and horticulture sectors to enable maximum returns for the actual cultivators,\" he said. He further said that priority would be given to the sports sector and tourism would be promoted as an engine of growth through new projects in hitherto unexplored areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11658339", "title": "'No Parking' for cricket fans at Nehru stadium on match day", "text": "KOCHI: Want to cheer your team in the celebrity cricket league (CCL) match between Mumbai Heroes and Kerala Strikers in Kochi on Sunday? Be prepared to walk. Because the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium's parking lot will have no room for the cricket fans' vehicles. It has already been allotted to another programme which will be held there the same day.According to authorities, cricket buffs who want to watch the match at the stadium will have to park their vehicles somewhere else. \"So we need the cooperation of the public for avoiding traffic bottlenecks in the area on the day of the match,\" City Police Commissioner M R Ajith Kumar said.An opportunity to watch their screen idols battling it out on the field coupled with the availability of free tickets is expected to draw a huge crowd from across the state. So, there are chances for the entire city getting choked for hours altogether on the day with those coming from various parts of the state parking their vehicles on shoulder roads.Authorities of the Greater Cochin Development Authority (GCDA) which owns the stadium said that they are helpless as the booking was done months ago. \"So, we can't do anything as far as the parking facility is concerned,\" said George Vallakkalil, secretary, GCDA.According to the police, heavy vehicles including buses can be parked on Marine Drive. But for other vehicles the authorities have no place to offer for parking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11661508", "title": "Venur - the seat of Jainism", "text": "MANGALORE: Venur, a small town, situated on the bank of River Phalguni was the capital of the Ajila Dynasty and also a great seat of Jainism. The most prominent king of them was Thimmannarasa Ajila who installed the 35 feet high monolith statue Lord Bahubali in 1604 AD.The 24th descendent of Ajila dynasty, Dr Padmaprasad says that it was but natural that the monolith was installed as they were Jains. ``Because of this monolith, the Ajila dynasty is still remembered. It's a feather in our cap,'' observes Padmaprasad, will also guide religious activities during the nine day event.Thimmannarasa Ajila was an ardent follower of Swastisri Charukeerthi Bhattarakha seer of Moodabidri Jain Mutt and perhaps the guru was an inspiration to install the statue of Bahubali in his capital on a small hillock called as Bahubali Betta. Part of the inspiration may also have been due to the fact that the neighbouring King Veera Pandya had installed the 42 feet high Bahubali statue on the rocky hill of Karkala in 1432.But the whole process of installation of another Bahubali, perhaps to undermine the one in his kingdom of Karkala did not go too well with King Bhairavarasa, the descendent of King Veera Pandya. He waged a war against Ajila. ``According to legend, my ancestor buried the monolith under the sand on the banks of River Phalguni. The war went on for months and later both reached a compromise and that's how the Venur has its Bahubali,'' said Padmaprasad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11661338", "title": "Massive joint ops in western districts", "text": "RANCHI: A massive joint search operation is underway in western districts - Latehar, Palamu and Garhwa - on Friday. Search and raids are being conducted by police with help of central paramilitary forces and police team from Chhattisgarh to get constable Suresh Ram released from captivity of Maoists.According to police sources, combing operations are being carried out by Jharkhand Jaguar , CoBRA, district police and CRPF with assistance of Chhattisgarh police. IG and police spokesperson R K Mallick said during the search operations police team have recovered 32 improvised explosive devices (IED) from Laat jungles in Latehar. \"Series of landmines were recovered on the route connecting Labhar and Laat under Burwadih police station,\" he said.Maoists on January 21 had triggered a landmine blast near Bhandaria, killing 13 policemen following which they had abducted four persons. including district council chairperson Sushma Mehta, her bodyguard, driver and an associate. Maoists later released three persons but retained Ram throwing a deal with the police. Maoists have demanded immediate end to operations being conducted against them in Jharkhand and removal of police pickets from Kone, Oreya and Sarju villages of Latehar which has apparently hampered their safe movement across Chhattisgarh border.Following the abduction and while reviewing the anti-Maoist operations, CRPF director general chalked out a detailed plan with the police a couple of days ago and asked the CRPF personnel to pull up their socks for future operations. Because of the operations, Republic Day was peacefully celebrated in the region except for certain far-flung pockets from where reports of Maoists hoisting black flags were received.While the tricolour was hoisted in the government schools en route Sarju in Latehar, Maoists were successful in hoisting black flag in one of the school buildings in Janho village under Manika police station of Latehar. Mallick said that police had no information about black flags being unfurled anywhere. Sources also said that one suspected Maoist Surendra Lohra was arrested during the search and raid operations from Burwadih region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11658874", "title": "Sitting coproators likely to be axed to accommodate cronies, relatives", "text": "PUNE: The BJP and the Congress are likely to reject nominations to some of the sitting candidates in order to pave way for aspirants related to party leaders. While the BJP city unit held a meeting at Bhugaon, the co-ordination committee of the Congress met late evening on Friday in the city to discuss the list of candidates.To avoid any possible revolt, both the parties are holding talks with some of the sitting corporators who are likely to be kept out of the nomination list.After announcing the first list of candidates for the February 2012 civic elections, the city Congress unit is now busy mitigating the tug-of-war within the party to accommodate cronies and relatives in the final list.The co-ordination committee appointed by the Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) had heated arguments over the list. Some senior leaders in the committee wanted selected seats for their followers in the party. As no one was ready to budge, the decision has been left to the MPCC.\"The party will finalise the list of candidates and the disputed seats will be discussed at the state level. MPCC chief Manikrao Thackre and chief minister Prithviraj Chavan will take a decision on these seats,\" said one of the co-ordination committee members.The first list released by the Congress comprises prominent leaders. However, the party has decided to keep its cards close when it comes to seats claimed by more then one aspirants. Meanwhile the city BJP unit leaders met at Bhugaon on Friday evening to discuss the list of candidates. \"The BJP has nearly finalised the list and after a final consent of the state president we will announce it,\" said one of the BJP leaders.Some of the prominent corporators from the Gopinath Munde camp are likely to be kept of out of the BJP list. Munde supporters are lobbying hard to counter Nitin Gadkari supporter and BJP city unit chief Vikas Mathkari's strategy in this direction. Photo captionPMC starts voters awakening campaign.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11659039", "title": "Boy killed in wall crash at hsg complex garden", "text": "PUNE: A nine-year-old boy, who was playing in the garden of a housing complex near Magarpatta in Hadapsar, died after a six-foot-high wall, which was allegedly not properly anchored, collapsed on him on Thursday evening.The incident took place at Marvel Diva Apartments around 5 pm. The boy, Salil Swapnesh, a resident of the housing complex, was playing in the garden located near the club house with his twin brother and other children.Salil sustained severe injuries and was immediately rushed to a nearby private hospital. However, he died during treatment around midnight. The Hadapsar police have registered a case of accidental death.The housing complex is still in the possession of the builder, Marvel Realtors. Sadanand Byakod, chief operating officer of Marvel Realtors, said, \"The wall was being constructed as part of a landscape kitchen platform. We are investigating whether the work of building the wall was sub-contracted. Our investigations are still on.\"Byakod further said, \"We express our sincere condolences to the family. We are grieving with them and are here to provide them with all the necessary support. Marvel, as a corporate, has always placed the utmost priority on the safety and security of the residents.\"When TOI visited the spot, a resident of the housing complex said on condition of anonymity that Salil was in the garden with his twin and five or six other children. \"Salil was sitting under the wall watching his brother and the other children play. All of a sudden, the wall collapsed and Salil got trapped under the debris. The wall was around six feet high and weighed a couple of tonnes,\" she said.The resident said the security guards and other residents rushed to the garden when the other children raised an alarm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "11664242", "title": "'Cong vision document or division document?'", "text": "DEHRADUN: BJP today criticised the 'Vision Document' of Congress saying religion-based quota made it look like a &quot;division document&quot; and asked the party to reconsider it in national interest.\"The Vision Document of Congress seems more like division document as it states about providing reservation on the basis of religion. I want to ask Congress to reconsider it as it is neither in the interest of the nation nor any political party,\" senior BJP leader Arun Jaitley today said.He said providing reservation on the basis of religion would not only divide the society but also deprive backward classes of their genuine rights. \"This deprivation could agitate the people belonging to backward classes and lead to tension in the society,\" he said.Jaitley said the Congress has announced its decision to give even 9 per cent reservation to Muslims within the OBC quota in Uttar Pradesh if the party is voted to power despite the fact that the Constitution did not allow reservation on the basis of the religion.In this regard, he said, Uttar Pradesh has become a battleground for \"competitive communalism\".He accused the Congress of diverting from issues of development and corruption and instead trying to win elections by dividing the society.Jaitley claimed that there is anti-Congress mood in the country \"as the Congress-led government has not only failed to check soaring price rise but also established new dimensions in corruption.\"To a question on Ram temple, he said BJP was always in favour of a negotiated solution.Jaitley also alleged that Congress' attitude towards Uttarakhand has always been \"unfriendly\".\"Congress always ignored the demand of separate Uttarakhand as they have been doing now in the case of Telangana (in Andhra Pradesh). Secondly, they also snatched the industrial package from Uttarakhand, which it got from the centre during (Atal Behari) Vajpayee government,\" he said.On the other hand, he said, the BJP always supported the cause of Uttarakhand and showed its commitment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11657274", "title": "Museum guard was strangulated to death: Postmortem", "text": "PANAJI: The postmortem on the body of the museum of Christian art, Old Goa, security guard Luis Bogato, 55, at Goa medical college and hospital has revealed that he died due to the combined effect of smothering, gagging and manual strangulation associated with close head injury.The postmortem was conducted on Friday. It has ruled out any bullet injury on the deceased.In a daring evening robbery, thieves had decamped with gold antiques worth crores of rupees from the museum after killing the security guard on Wednesday.Before conducting the post mortem, the body was taken for an X-ray. \"This was to check if he was shot with a gun. But the X-ray ruled out any bullet injury,\" police said.Police suspect that he must have been strangulated with a cotton rope that was found near his body. The culprits then banged his head on the tiled floor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "pakhowal", "code": "11662569", "title": "A gift that turned him a photographer", "text": "PAKHOWAL: A gift at the age of 13 changed Shivraj Singh Sidhu's life. His uncle, Narinderpal Singh Sidhu, who is settled in Vancouver, Canada , gave his nephew a camera that got him hooked like anything and it became his eye for the world. Pakhowal Road: Now after nine years, Shivraj Singh Sidhu is a pro in the art of photography and has two professional cameras at his place.Shivraj, 22, said in 2007, he purchased a professional camera D40 X along with two lenses and in 2011 purchased another camera D90 along with 18200 lens and two speed lights. Resident of Pakhowal Road, Shivraj said he is passionate about photography and till date, has clicked a number of photographs, of which 300 are close to his heart. A final year student of electrical engineering, Shivraj, who this year would complete his engineering, said he has won a number of prizes in photography in college competitions. He is fascinated by nature and clicks landscape photographs. Besides, he also loves to click sports photography and wildlife.Hailing from Cheemna village of the district, Shivraj's childhood dream was to become an engineer but now he feels that if he gets any opportunity in photography, he would surely grasp that opportunity.His father, Parminder Singh Sidhu said he is providing full support to his son so that he can groom his skills. He said his son always shows him his work, and is doing a good job.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11658176", "title": "New services by KSRTC on the anvil", "text": "KOCHI: The decision of the state government to acquire 100 new buses has come as a shot in the arm for the district. Since majority of buses will be allotted to the Ernakulam depot, the Kerala State Transport Corporation (KSRTC) is now planning to augment its services by introducing new bus routes. Before making a final decision, the corporation will consider the views submitted by the residents' associations.P L Jose, Zonal Officer of KSRTC, said there is a demand to start bus services in interior areas of the district where the regular services are absent. \"The government has decided against procuring mini-buses, but we will be getting buses that are smaller than the regular ones, which could be used for this purpose,\" Jose said.The city requires more services connecting Vytilla Mobility Hub and Vypeen, Njarakkal, Cherai and its adjacent regions. KSRTC will also explore the possibility of linking remote areas such Perumbadappu and Kumbalangi with the city through alterative routes. It will also consider starting services to Pookattupadi and Chembarakky.The corporation is also planning to introduce buses to areas such as Chitoor, Elamakkara, and Vaduthala, where the private operators have a monopoly. \"We will have to ensure the frequency of services to get passenger patronage,\" said Jose. Senior officials of KSRTC said they will finalize the new routes after checking the feasibility of services. They added that while there is demand for the buses during peak hours, most buses ply almost empty during off-peak hours.\"While deciding on new routes we will try to avoid main junctions where traffic blocks are a regular feature. We will introduce more buses in the regular routes to support the existing system,\" said Jose.KSRTC will also explore the possibility of linking remote areas such Perumbadappu and Kumbalangi with Kochi city through alterative routes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "11662137", "title": "2012-13 is year of youth &amp; tribal festivals", "text": "KOHIMA: Nagaland governor Nikhil Kumar announced that the state government has decided to declare the year 2012-2013 as 'Year of Youth-cum-Tribal Festivals'. During the R-Day celebrations at the Civil Secretariat Plaza, Kohima on Thursday, he said, \"Road shows hosted by the tribal hohos and the district's planning and development in PPP mode assisted by relevant government departments will be a part of the youth-cum-tribal festivals. This string of district festivals will culminate in the State Youth-cum-Tribal Festival in Dimapur.\"He said development of heath infrastructure and increasing qualified manpower continues to be a priority for the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11661315", "title": "Rishi Kapoor was unsure of Agneepath", "text": "Upset with director Karan Malhotra for editing his role, the actor takes back his word post Agneepath's releaseKaran Johar's remake of his father's 1990 film Agneepath has garnered an astoundingly positive reception. But despite the film's success at the box-office, there had been a lot of unprecedented internal turmoil. And we hear that the actor who received the most praise for his performance-Rishi Kapoor - was the one that had the biggest bone to pick with the filmmakers. Mumbai Mirror has learnt that Rishi and director Karan Malhotra had a huge spat over the edited version of the film. According to a unit member, Rishi was very upset when he found that many of his important scenes in the film were edited out, despite being promised a prominent role by Malhotra.In fact, the actor was reportedly so disillusioned with the amount of screen time he received that he demanded to be billed as a 'special appearance' star. The source added, \"Malhotra wanted to defuse the tension and so he not only conceded to Rishi's demand, but also gave the actor top billing over the film's other actors Sanjay and Hrithik.\"When contacted, Rishi Kapoor said, \"When I went in to dub my scenes, I found some of my best sequences were missing. When I asked Karan Malhotra about them, he said they were edited. I got upset. Karan kept assuring me that my part has emerged as a pivotal character in the plot. But, I was unconvinced. Poor Karan. I know him from the time he was a child. I've done four films with Karan Malhotra's father, Ravi. He kept assuring me about my role. But I was unconvinced.\"And that was not the only factor that upset Rishi. The actor had to reportedly re-dub some of the objectionable dialogues of his character to comply with the terms of the censor board. Speaking on this, Rishi explained, \"One major sequence - where my character talks about women and goats in the same breath - was censored, and rightly so. I had to re-dub those scenes at the last minute. So, the pre-release time was tough for me.\"However, since the release of the film, all the animosity that Rishi harboured against Karan has become a thing of the past. \"I never expected this kind of a response. To begin with, I didn't want to play the despicable character Rauf Lala. I kept asking, 'Why me?' Hats off to the two Karans (producer Karan Johar and director Karan Malhotra) for conceptualising me in such an evil character's skin. I was completely unsure of Agneepath. I wonder what made them think of me. In my entire career, I've never received such a positive response and that too for a negative role. Both the Karans are like my sons. I am glad I finally trusted them,\" admitted Rishi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11659108", "title": "Violence, not Ahimsa, integral to Indian culture: Upinder", "text": "KOLKATA: Upinder Singh, daughter of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and a leading scholar in ancient Indian history, says the intolerance displayed in recent years is not isolated incidents but a reflection of the Indian history that is replete with wars and violence.\"The ideas of Buddha and Ahimsa notwithstanding, it is evident that violence was an integral part of lndian history. If one looks beyond, one can identify politics and how it played a role. It still remains so, be it the ban on AK Ramanujan's essay from the Delhi University syllabus or embargo on writer Salman Rushdie in a literary festival,\" Singh told TOI on the sidelines of the Kolkata Literary Meet on Friday.Singh is currently writing a book on political ideas in ancient history and how the problem of violence was dealt with, discussed and debated in ancient texts, both at intellectual and political level. And the more she researches into Indian history, the more violence spills out-be it during the Maurya dynasty or the Gupta or Chola.\"We are not a tolerant society at all. We are very violent. We do not possess the virtues of non-violence that we tend to believe are part of our culture and heritage. Though I do not make a conscious effort to link the past to present violence, intolerance and politics, being part of society and seeing everyday life around me, I am bound to reflect within. The kind of intolerance that historians, writers and artists have confronted in recent years is a serious problem. It is something quite unacceptable but I don't know how it can be controlled,\" she remarked.Incidentally, that is the very debate that she is researching in history. Pouring over ancient texts like Kautilya's Arthashastra, Kalidasa's Raghuvansh and Niti Sar, she discovers the debate and discussion cropping up time and again. \"What interests me are political ideas, how violence was used and dealt with in different times in history and how it can be dealt with at the intellectual and political level,\" the Delhi University history professor said.Not only did Singh condemn when MF Hussain's art was vandalized in Delhi in 2008, she also stood up and protested when Ramanujan's essay 300 Ramayans from the syllabus of Delhi University last year. \"The kind of politics that leads to dropping of an author from a syllabus is deplorable. I wish critics of Ramanujan were present and heard what author Arvind Krishna Mehrotra had to say,\" Singh said.At a session tilted Translating the Indian Past: The Poet's Experience, Mehrotra had spoken about how great a poet Ramanujan was, talked about his style, how he translated texts and how important he was to bringing ancient Tamil literature to the fore.\"Intolerance is everywhere. What happened with Rushdie is very sad. That he was not even allowed to video-conference with the audience is shocking. Everyone says these are fringe elements. One should look at who supports them,\" Singh said.Pakistani writer Mohammed Hanif felt the present day government had to take responsibility of what had happened with Rushdie. \"People have the right to free speech and expression. They also have a right to get offended. But banning any individual is not on. The problem has been there. It has not stopped writers from writing in the past. I hope they continue to defy such acts and continue to write in future,\" he said.Satirist Moni Mohsin felt Hanif and she could get away with it in Pakistan because few read English. \"Satire has blosommed in Pakistan not only because there is so much scope, it is because since it is read only by the elite, I am not persecuted. There just aren't enough English readers to cause trouble. Had I written in Urdu, it would have been an entirely different proposition,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11658290", "title": "Saffron allies begin blame game", "text": "NASHIK: While ego hassles among leaders of the saffron alliance and the BJP's urge for finding a new ally are considered to be the reasons that stalled a pre-poll alliance between the Shiv Sena and the BJP for the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC), the break-up is likely to lead to a hung house and the formation of new political alignments, post-poll.The development may embolden the BJP to move closer to Raj Thackeray's Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) not only in Nashik, but also sow the seeds for a shift in the relations between the Shiv Sena and the BJP in the 2014 assembly and Lok Sabha polls.According to a senior Sena leader, adamant stand of the leader of the opposition in the state legislative assembly, BJP's Eknath Khadse, and local leaders led to a stalemate that resulted in failure of talks for a pre-poll alliance.\"Khadse had turned a bitter critic of the Sena after his son Nikhil was defeated in the election to the MLC seat from Jalgaon about a year ago...in that election, independent candidate Manish Jain (son of NCP Rajya Sabha MP Ishwarlal Jain) got elected and Jalgaon Sena MLA Sureshdada Jain was blamed for supporting Manish jain instead of Nikhil,\" the Sena leader said. \"Since then, Khadse had been waiting for the opportunity to take on the Sena.\"He pointed out that at a time when the Congress and the NCP had united even for the civic polls in Mumbai, which they had contested separately five years ago, the BJP leaders had turned a blind eye to the saffron cause.The BJP camp has in turn blamed the Sena leaders for taking the BJP for granted. \"We are a national party and we can't let ourselves to be dictated by our ally every time,\" a BJP leader said, pointing out that his party had grown in strength and can prove its mettle.Sources pointed out that the development may result in a fragmented mandate and fresh political alignments. They said that there was a possibility of the BJP and MNS coming closer and the Sena being left out, or a grouping of Sena-BJP-MNS for the NMC, depending on the results of the polls.In the last NMC elections, the Sena had won 26 out of the 108 seats and the BJP 14. The MNS, which was formed in 2006 and contested the NMC polls in 2007 for the first time, had made an impressive debut by winning 12 seats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11658437", "title": "Madras University disaffiliates 3 colleges", "text": "CHENNAI: The University of Madras syndicate has recommended the disaffiliation of three arts and science colleges in the city for not having enough teachers and poor infrastructure.University vice-chancellor G Thiruvasagam said the syndicate has recommended the disaffiliation of A A Arts &amp; Science College, Koyambedu; J A Arts and Science College, Mogappair East, and Poonga College of Arts and Science, Uthandi.The vice-chancellor said the syndicate decided to recommend the disaffiliation of these colleges during the last academic year. Parents and students of these colleges had been complaining about the lack of infrastructure necessary in the college and not enough faculty members to teach students across various disciplines over the last few years. A three-member team investigated the veracity of the complaints and confirmed reports that the colleges had been functioning in this manner for nearly 10 years. Students of the colleges have been admitted to other colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11661611", "title": "I'm happy being with Payal: Sangram Singh", "text": "Indian wrestler Sangram Singh is busy shooting theses days shooting for his debut film 'Valentine Night' in the capital along with his lady love Payal Rohatgi . Informs Sangram, \" I'm busy shooting for my debut film along with Payal in Noida.The movie also includes other actors like rakhi Sawant and Irfaan Khan. I will be playing the lead role in the movie. Almost 85 percent of the movie shoot has been completed. The movie is due to t by next month just before the Valentine day.\" He continues, \" It was great experience shooting for the movie.I remember one scene, jaha mujhe koi romantic song ka scene karna tha aur mujhe baarish main bheegne ka scene diya tha. It was freezing cold and the temperature was 1 degree at night while the scene was being shot.M eri toh halat kharab ho gayi. \" Ask about his love life and he tells us, \" I'm happy being with Payal. Abh koi plans nahi hain shaddhi karne ka kuch 5 to 6 years ke baad decide karenge.Right now, I want to concentrate on my career.\" So what his wrestling career? \" I have been getting lot of offers to do reality shows . Infact I was also offered to be part of a sports reality show where wrestling was being highlighted but I refused it. Wrestling to chalta rahega , use nahi chorunga. Meanwhile I was also offered to be part of Veena ka Swayamvar show and was offered Rs 1.40 crores lekhin main nahi karna chahta hun aur maine mana kar di. Payal knows Veena Malik very well since Big boss days and she advised me that I shouldn't get into all these pangas.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "11657990", "title": "'Thattukadas' in Kozhikode city to get a makeover", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The wayside make-shift eateries that sell piping hot food in the city after the sun sets are set to get a major makeover with the Kerala Sustainable Urban Development Project (KSUDP) deciding to take the initiative in improving their working conditions.Two projects, 'Delight and `Moonlight', envisaged by KSUDP to improve the living conditions of street vendors and the quality of the food being served by them, once executed, will see licenced vendors in uniform operating `thattukadas' in the city from March onwards. 'Delight' is meant for day time vendors, and 'Moonlight' is for night time vendors. KSUDP will provide these vendors loans of up to Rs 1 lakh with a 25% subsidy. The project will be implemented in five corporations in the state. A pilot project has already been introduced in the Cochin Corporation limit. The next phase of the programme will see vendors in Kozhikode and Thiruvananthapuram being covered under the scheme.In the initial phase of the scheme in Kozhikode Corporation, 40 street vendors will benefit. The civic body has earmarked Rs.10 lakh for providing subsidy for the loans.All the selected vendors will be provided three-day training in handling food, health and related aspects. Each vendor will be allocated a place where he will have to operate.These vendors will get specially-designed push carts with cooking area, storage area, waste-disposal facility, and wash basin. It will cost them Rs.75,000 each.\"The scheme will be kicked off in March. KSUDP has already called for applications. The last date for submitting them is January 18,'' said K P Krishna Kumar, KSUDP social development officer.In the initial phase of the scheme in Kozhikode Corporation, 40 street vendors will benefit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11649588", "title": "Mugdha and Shriya get set for V-day", "text": "When Shriya Saran and Mugdha Godse were in town on Thursday, they made sure they mixed business with pleasure.The Bollywood actors, who were in town to promote their latest film Gali Gali Chor Hai, took time out to launch Nakshatra's Valentine Collection at the Gitanjali Jewels store at Indiranagar.The divas were seen admiring the collection, which has been specially crafted as a dedication to the eternal bond of love and beauty.The Valentine Collection has a wide range of jewellery options - gold woven and bold necklaces, heavy and artistic earrings embellished with stones, group chains, single and multi-heart shaped pendants and motif-laid rings, unconventional and chic bracelets and the solitaire range of rings and pendants in platinum and gold - that will fit a range of budgets. The pieces from the collection, which can be bought as gifts for the one you adore or to indulge yourself, are available across 70 Gitanjali outlets throughout the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11661174", "title": "Nayanthara, Prabhu Deva call it quits", "text": "The actress and director have decided to part ways.. .The much-hyped relationship and wedding of actress Nayanthara and director-actor-choreographer Prabhu Deva has been called off. According to a source close to the couple who confirmed this news, the two decided to call it quits a few weeks back. Explains the source, \"Prabhu and Nayan were in a relationship for more than three and a half years. She devoted herself to him. In fact, as everyone knows, she gave up her extremely successful career in the south in the hope that they would get married and settle down soon. She was the top actress in the south when she decided not to sign on any more new movies.\"Over recent months, there were rumours doing the rounds that all was not well between the couple. Says the source, \"The stories that were doing the rounds that Nayanthara was creating issues for Prabhu are not true. In fact, she was the one who tried her best to make this relationship work.\"A few months back, Prabhu Deva issued a press statement stating that he'd get married to the actress in the near future and she was welcome to sign on any films she wanted. But the actress did not take on any new projects in the last few months nor discuss her marriage with the media.Suddenly, there was news that the couple was living together and she was visiting him regularly on the sets of his Bollywood flick Rowdy Rathore. This news is also completely false, states the source, adding that it was as a result of the recent break-up that Nayanthara decided to return to films. Apparently, she was planning to settle down as a homebird but once they broke up a few weeks back, she decided that she would get back to her career. Nayanthara could not be reached for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "basirhat", "code": "11659072", "title": "TMC panchayat member shot", "text": "Basirhat: Sagarika Mondal, 35, a Trinamool activist and panchyat member, was shot dead by goons in front of her 11-year-old son Arpan at their home in Srirampur near Swarupnagar, North24 Parganas on Thursday night. Police are looking for the culprits.A suspect named Motijul Raptan has been arrested.Police said the incident took place around 8.30pm when Sagarika, a member of Swarupnagar panchayat, was cooking. Her husband Shibnath Mondal was not at home. Arpan, a Class-VI student, was studying in the adjoining room. Three motorcycle-borne miscreants stopped in front of her house and stormed into the kitchen. One of them took out a gun and fired two bullets at her. Sagarika, who had no time to react, was struck by bullets on her back and head and slumped onto the ground, bleeding profuselyArpan rushed to the kitchen and saw the goons escaping on the bike after killing his motherHe was too traumatized and could not even scream on seeing his mother being brutally murdered.On hearing gunshots, locals rushed to the spot and the victim was taken to Basirhat Subdivisional Hospital where she was declared brought dead.Trinamool leaders Jyotipriya Mallick and Chandrima Bhattacharya visited the spot and demanded a \"proper inquiry\". They spoke to the victim's family, including Arpan.They alleged that Sagarika was murdered by CPM-backed goons. \"They have again unleashed a reign of terror in the area and been murdering our active party member,\" said Bhattacharya.Police, however, have not confirmed that it was a political murder and are yet to ascertain the motive behind the murder\"The investigation is on.The motive has not been ascertained. We are looking into all possible angles. We also spoke to the victim's family. One person has been arrested and raids are on to nab other suspects,\" said North 24-Parganas SP Champak Bhattacharya.As news of the murder spread in the locality, Trinamool supporters gathered at the spot and launched an agitation in front of policemen, demanding immediate arrest of the culprits. They also claimed that the murder was pre-planned by CPM. \"Sagarika was well known as a good and active Trinammol activist in the locality. She was also supervising work under the National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (NREGA) in Swarupnagar. CPM-backed miscreants murdered her as they are desperately trying to regain control over the area,\" said Bina Mondal, Trinamool MLA from Swarupnagar.Rubbishing the allegation, district CPM leader Narayan Mukherjee said: \"None of our supporters was involved in the murder.\"We have also demanded a proper inquiry by police and arrest of the culprits,\" said Narayan Mukherjee, North 24 Parganas CPM leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11658897", "title": "AMRI arrests send the wrong message: Cong", "text": "KOLKATA: The Pradesh Congress Committee on Friday slammed the Mamata Banerjee government over the arrests in the AMRI hospital fire.Without taking any names, PCC spokesman Abdul Mannan criticized the government soon after the arrest of doctors Mani Chhetri and Pronab Dasgupta.\"We are cautioning the government. These arrests are sending a wrong message to the people,\" Mannan said. \"While the guilty ones need to be punished, innocent people must not be harassed. We are getting such information,\" he added, refusing to specify who he was referring to.Relations between the Congress and Trinamool Congress have been turbulent in recent weeks.During the day, PCC president Pradip Bhattacharya sent a letter to the chief minister, complaining about attacks on Congress workers in Canning block by Trinamool \"marauders\". He said four Congress workers were now admitted to hospital with bullet wounds.\"This is the fourth letter I am writing to the chief minister complaining against attacks on Congress supporters by Trinamool members, but none of them has even been acknowledged,\" Bhattacharya said, denying that PCC was writing these letters in tandem with CPM. \"If CPM is also writing similar letters, I have no idea about it,\" he said.Congress supporters were being attacked by CPM cadres also, in places like Mangalkot, Murshidabad and Malda, he said. \"But, what surprise us are the attacks by our alliance partner Trinamool. Is it because we have raised our voice against farmers not getting a remunerative price in the state,\" he asked.\"Such attacks are unfortunate for the politics of alliance which we are pursuing with Trinamool. There may be differences between partners in an alliance, but that does not mean that we will be beaten up the way CPM used to do to our supporters,\" he said. Bhattacharya denied, however, that he had sought any appointment with the chief minister to discuss the issues.To take the issues to the people, however, Congress has decided to revamp its organ 'Congress Barta.\" Bhattacharya said the new look paper would be launched on the coming Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11657673", "title": "8,249 students get their degrees", "text": "Of the 8,249 students admitted to various courses at Goa University and its affiliated colleges, 54 students received a doctorate, 994 post graduate degrees, 7,198 students were conferred various undergraduate degrees and diplomas, 62 received medals, 30 received prizes and 16 bagged scholarships.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11661169", "title": "Sozzled 'Singham' sacked", "text": "VADODARA: His penchant for brandishing revolvers and repeated complaints of indiscipline has finally cost Raopura police sub-inspector A K Parmar his job.City police commissioner Satish Sharma dismissed Parmar in a Palanpur indiscipline case wherein had got into a brawl with some people near Palanpur checkpost. HeMoving on Ahmedabad streets in inebriated state and brandishing service revolver to passersby has cost Raopura police sub-inspector his job. He was reportedly drunk and had brandished revolver to some people.Sharma said that though Parmar was exonerated by the court in that incident, a case of dereliction of duty stood against him as he stayed away from his duty without informing his seniors.However, the push came to shove when Parmar was caught drunk in Paldi area of Ahmedabad and bashed up by locals when he pointed his revolver at passersby and claimed to be 'Singham' - Bollywood character. He was suspended in this case.Two other cops, too, had to face the music due to Parmar's indiscipline. Reserve police inspector (RPI) Kuldeep Sharma was suspended and Raopura police inspector B M Chaudhary was transferred to traffic police for negligence. \"I had to crack the whip. It is pure case of indiscipline and dereliction of duty. Parmar had been involved in several similar cases in the past. Cops are supposed to maintain order and discipline among public and not behave like this,\" said Sharma.Parmar was heading the escort party that was ferrying Vijay Body, an under-trial in extortion case, from Vadodara central jail to Ahmedabad court for hearing in a case. He committed first offence when instead of state transport bus he took the under-trial to Ahmedabad in his private car. Later Parmar deserted his two colleagues for a while near court premises and when returned he was completely drunk. Parmar even offered liquor to Vijay who consumed it inside the cop's car.\"The other two members of escort party objected to Parmar's actions. When the PSI got into brawl with people, the escort team left the spot with Vijay and returned to Vadodara by bus. Parmar has been suspended in connection with this incident and an offence has been registered against Vijay for consuming liquor,\" Sharma told TOI.RPI Kuldeep Sharma was suspended as he failed to turn up at central jail to monitor the police escort team. \"Kuldeep didn't visit central jail to supervise escort team on Wednesday. If he had been there, Parmar wouldn't have dared to take Vijay in private car. Raopura PI B M Chaudhary too is responsible as he recommended Parmar's name in escort team despite knowing that the latter was an irresponsible cop facing several inquiries,\" Sharma added.What surprised many is that Chaudhary has been let off lightly by transferring him to traffic department. An inquiry has been ordered against Kuldeep, Chaudhary and even DCP (administration) has been asked to give explanation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11657257", "title": "Building regularisation to get delayed", "text": "HYDERABAD: With thousands of Building Penalisation Scheme (BPS) applications pending for clearance across the state, especially with the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) and Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA), the state government is mulling extending the date for processing BPS applications. However, this facility will be extended only to property owners who have submitted their BPS applications and made part payment to civic bodies.The municipal administration and urban development (MA&UD;) department has recently extended the Layout Regularisation Scheme (LRS) till June 30 even as it would help organisations like HMDA and GHMC generate revenue.There is a demand both from the applicants and the civic bodies to give another opportunity for regularising buildings under BPS. However, the MA&UD; department is in no mood to give another chance for fresh applicants as it would lead to legal problems.Recently, the chief minister's office asked detailed information from the MA&UD; department on the number of BPS applications pending in GHMC and other civic bodies. The CM's office sought information in the wake of a former Congress minister in the YS Rajasekhara Reddy's cabinet had paid part penal amount to regularise his building and did not pay the balance amount. Now, he wanted to clear the dues and get it regularized, but the GHMC refused to accept the amount as the due date for accepting money ended a year ago.Over 50,000 BPS applications are pending in the state and half of them, about 27,000, are pending with the GHMC alone as the applicants had either paid part penal amount or did not give their documents. Another 10,000 applications are pending in HMDA.After setting several deadlines to make balance penal amount and process the BPS pending applications, the MA&UD; department closed the doors for receiving penal amount on December 31, 2010.\"Now, the GHMC is processing only cases where applicants had paid the entire penal amount and some documents like fire clearance are pending. In some circles like Kukatpally and L B Nagar, processing of BPS applications got delayed due to verification of each and every file after some irregularities came to our notice,\" GHMC chief city planner GV Raghu told TOI.HMDA has stopped processing of BPS applications from December 31, 2010 and about 10,000 applications are pending. But the authority is eagerly waiting for extension of BPS processing as it would fetch some revenue. Apart from the metropolitan development authority, some corporations and municipalities have been facing fund crunch. The MA&UD; department gave permission to municipalities on Friday to utilise 50% of their BPS amount for city-level works and payment of power bills to APTransco.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11658972", "title": "Roadblock in Rajapark for two hours", "text": "JAIPUR: People belonging to a community on Friday blocked a road for almost two hours in Rajapark alleging police in-action against some youths who allegedly pulled the turban of a Sikh youth during a clash. People alleged that when the victim approached Manak Chowk police demanding action against the accused, he was misbehaved with.One Amandeep Singh claimed that he was on his way to a friend's home on January 25 when \"a car hit my vehicle as I tried to overtake it. Some youths got off the car and misbehaved with my sister. They then pulled my turban,\" said Amardeep Singh.He alleged that when he protested, he was thrashed by the youths. Amardeep alleged that the accused were all drunk and were abusing me constantly.Amardeep said that after he was roughed up, the youths sped away from the spot. \"When I went to the Manak Chowk police station to register an FIR against the youths, the policemen did not pay heed to my complaints and instead ridiculed me. They did not lodge my complaint and forced me to leave the police station,\" said the officer. Protesting the incident, a crowd of about 400 people gathered at Govind Marg in Rajapark and blocked the road for two hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11660894", "title": "Kids teach elders importance of voting", "text": "VARANASI: Walking amidst the chaotic traffic with hardhitting slogans on their lips and informative placards in their hands, it seems that young children who are yet to turn eighteen and be eligible to cast their vote are more enthusiastic and excited about the upcoming assembly elections than their elders. Schools are also seeking help of these schoolchildren to motivate their parents and family members to vote judiciously.According to Manoj Vishwakarma, his son Raj , a class five student, has been constantly telling him and other members of the family the benefits of casting vote in the upcoming polls. \"There will be better facility for everything we complain about at present if only people will go to the polling booths and cast their vote,\" says Raj. \"We were told at school to ask our elders to vote so that a responsible government could come into power.\"Most of the schools of the districts are conducting rallies, awareness camps, staging streetplays and a counselling session during the parents, teachers interacting sessions to encourage family members of the students to cast their vote.According to district inspector of schools, Vijay Shankar Mishra, there are directions for every government and private schools of the district to carry out awareness campaigns encouraging people to vote. \"At present over 200 schools of the city are done with these campaigns which include time to time interactive sessions, informative streetplays and rallies,\" added Mishra.Apart from the following the guidenlines, some schools are also conducting voluntary programmes so that a good awareness is spread among the society through the children. According to Dipika Joshi, director of a school in Rajnahiya, a special morning assembly was organised by the school in which students were told about the importance of voting and how to persuade their parents to cast vote in the assembly elections. \"A slogan writing competition was conducted thereafter to get an idea of how much they have learnt from that session. Slogans like \"vote today for better tomorrow\" and \"jab kahi ho koi khot to apna hathiyar vote\" by students of junior classes was very surprising,\" added Dipika.According to R P Singh, teacher of a school at Badi Piyari area, a dance drama based on importance of casting votes was staged by students of class IX and X on the occasion of Republic Day. \"Students also took home the handwritten notes about disadvantages of not casting vote and appealed to their parents to vote judiciously,\" added Singh.According to Renuka Nagar, principal of a public school in Lahurabir, teachers have been interacting with the children to persuade their parents to caste vote, at the same time importance of casting votes for a strong government was told to parents during the interactive session for teachers and parents a few days ago. \"A huge pile of colourful banners, placards and posters prepared by young students in clumsy handwritting is the example of how much these children are excited about polling,\" says Papiha Tripathi, principal of a school in Baijnatha, while showing the placards prepared by children of class III to class XII on the occasion of National Voters Day.Election 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11661531", "title": "Aakash tablet: Mumbai University recieves 25k booking requests", "text": "MUMBAI: The University of Mumbai has so far received around 25,000 requests for the low-cost computing device Aakash tablets. The cost of an Aakash tablet is Rs 1138.The requests have come from around 90 colleges and departments across the university's jurisdiction. While the numbers are already high, the university is expecting many more to come in the coming phases. The first phase of requests will be sent by this weekend.The scheme was extended by the human resources development ministry to all universities in the state. The circular requesting colleges, university departments, were issued last month. Students were asked to get in touch with respective heads.Among the colleges who have sought the tablets for their students, Vivek College in Goregaon has got the highest numbers of applications (2262) from students . \"Colleges in far-off places like Alibaug also have demanded the device in large numbers,\" said Mohan Kumar, convener of the National Mission on Education through Information and Communication Technology (NME-ICT) from the university.According to Mohan Kumar, the requests are still pouring in. \"There will be a second phase. The Centre is currently just seeking details from all the states. Once the numbers are clear, they will be sending the request to the vendor,\" he said.An official from the university said that there are modifications being made in the device to incorporate the needs of the universities and the central government. \"The initial product had a lot of complaints from users. They are being modified now to suit everybody's requirements,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11658286", "title": "Commissioner-SSP verbal duel reaches flashpoint", "text": "LUCKNOW: A heated argument between Basti divisional commissioner, senior IAS officer Anurag Srivastava and his young IPS subordinate Mohit Gupta, SP, Sidharthnagar, during an election meeting on Thursday reached a flashpoint when the senior bureaucrat publicly showed his subordinate IPS the door, before a crowded conference room.Publicly humiliated, the IPS officer sought refuge in the Uttar Pradesh Indian Police Services Officers' Association (UPIPSOA) on Friday, which in turn demanded immediate transfer of the bureaucrat from his post. A delegation of the UPIPSOA submitted a memorandum with the principal secretary, home, and the chief electoral officer (CEO), UP, Umesh Sinha, demanding action against the bureaucrat's behaviour which was described as nothing less than \"criminal conduct\".Assured that their demand would be looked into with all seriousness that it deserved and their grievances redressed soon, the association has decided to wait and watch for a couple of days before deciding the future course of action, if needed at all. The stalemate however is likely to continue as the UPIPSOA was adamant not to relent for anything less than the DM's immediate transfer. Although the two officers remained inaccessible to the media all through Friday despite repeated attempts to know their side of the story, sources said that the incident took place during a meeting of all the administrative and police officers from the three districts of Basti division -Sidharthnagar, Sant Kabir Nagar and Basti. Convened by the divisional commissioner, the meeting was under way at his office in Basti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "11658697", "title": "Notice to builders on toll plaza", "text": "PANCHKULA: A notice has been issued to Himalayan Express Way Company by the town and country planning department for raising a structure for toll plaza at Chandimandir. According to the notice issued, the construction of the same was in violation of the Punjab Capital Periphery Control Act.The company was asked to construct a toll plaza on National Highway-22 at Chandimandir by the National Highway Authority of India and for the same, the company was supposed to seek permission from the DTP office. The officials of the district town and country planning department said the company had not applied for the permission for carrying any construction in that region.A notice under sections 5,6 and 11 of Periphery Act has been issued to the company. According to the notice, the company was supposed to apply for the permission of construction under Section 6, while a change of land use had to be applied under Section 11 of the act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11658259", "title": "Port to issue fresh licence for stevedoring", "text": "KOCHI: Cochin Port has decided to issue fresh licences to firms carrying out stevedoring operations, as part of its efforts to attract more general cargo.Already the port has granted such licences to nine firms, but only five of them are active, a release said here on Saturday.According to the release, shifting of container operations to International Container Transhipment Terminal (ICTT), Vallarpadam offers excellent opportunities for handling more general cargo at the erstwhile terminal of port.\"Many firms have showed interest in importing cargo through Cochin Port due to the availability of the higher draft and full rake siding which offers huge potential for stevedoring operations,\" the release said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11660967", "title": "Prolonged exposure to noise causing auditory fatigue", "text": "VARANASI: When whistling and buzzing sound in ears disturbed the hearing capacity of Sumit, a college going student residing in Sigra, he ignored it, believing it to be a temporary phenomenon. Now, he is being referred to ENT specialist after being diagnosed with auditory fatigue.Narendra, another college student from Cantonment area, faced temporary hearing loss that resulted from prolonged exposure to pressure horns at busy Cantonment crossing. Though, the disability disappeared after 24 hours of noise exposure, it made his ears vulnerable.Get ready to protect your ears as they may be under the double-pronged attack of high intensity sound emanating from pressure horns and whispering danger in the form of headphones (also earphones). While the victims are generally unaware of the imminent danger, the biggest challenge for experts (ENT specialist) is alert people before it gets too late to save the ears.\"Both pressure horns and earphones are disturbing tools that not only cause attention distraction but could also invite trouble for ears. While pressure horns usually emanate sound intensity in excess of 100 decibels (dB) which could be deafening to ears, the sound vibrations from cellphones could cause severe damage to auditory nerves if exposed for a long time,\" said Dr Rajiv Misra, senior ENT surgeon in the city.The reports of OPD of ENT department of BHU that keeps track on cases of problems in ear, nose and throat together indicate that nearly 50% of the daily turnout at the OPD belongs to ear problems. Also, a whopping turnout of over 100 patients is reported per day at the OPD.As per Dr GB Singh of the department, the fact that ears do not respond in uniform way to different sound intensity also make them vulnerable to noise exposure. While auditory fatigue appears in the 90 dB region. It could be associated with side effects such as whistling and buzzing sound in ears. The real danger, however, lies in deafness or hearing loss, as the victim is generally unaware of it in early stage. The temporary hearing loss results from specific exposure to noise but repeated or continuous exposure to noise around 100 dB may cause permanent hearing loss. \"It starts from inner ear damage that varies from minor changes in the hair cell endings to complete destruction of organ of corti (internal ear part which makes hearing possible). Exposure to noise above 160 dB may rupture the tympanic membrane and cause permanent hearing loss,\" he informed.The associated physiological changes and side effects like attention deficit, distractions, irritation and giddiness could be also evident due to exposure to high sound intensity for a long period. \"The normal speech communication is hampered though the person may not realize it while speaking to another person. Similarly, signs of increase in blood pressure, heart rate, problems in breathing could be also attribute to health hazards of noise exposure,\" added Dr Misra, indicating the gravity of the problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11657674", "title": "Notorious carjacker remanded in police custody for a day", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court on Friday remanded Manoj Bakkarwala to one-day police custody in connection with an attempt to murder case registered against him. The notorious carjacker is wanted in over 300 cases of vehicle theft and attempt to murder.While Delhi Police sought a two-day remand of Bakkarwala, Additional Chief Metropolitan Magistrate Manish Yaduvanshi allowed the investigating agency to have his custodial interrogation only for a day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11655144", "title": "NU researchers use weeds and wild plants to extract dye", "text": "NAGPUR: Extracting natural dyes from plants have been known for centuries, but for the first time researchers at the Nagpur University's botany department are using weeds and wild plants to extract natural dyes. Leaves, flowers, fruit skin, cover etc of these plants are being used to prepare different colours.The research began this year and received financial support of Rs 8 lakh for a three-year project from the UGC. Rupali Deshpande, a project fellow working under the guidance of the department head Prof Alka Chaturvedi has already obtained different shades of green, yellow, red, maroon, brown, pink and blue colours from 8-10 plants growing around the department, on roadsides and in wasteland.\"Except for pink - which is obtained from anthocyanin and is extremely pH dependent - all others are very stable and we need to devise methods to convert pink and blue colours into fast colours. The beauty of our colours is that a single colour can be produced in different shades and in much lesser duration than the conventional time period required for producing and stabilizing the colours. Above all they are eco-friendly and leave no pollutant or chemical in the water left out after dyeing,\" said Chaturvedi listing the advantages of the new research. The pink colour changes into blue when washed with detergent.Since the plant sources and colours are yet to be patented the researchers are not disclosing the name of the plants, but as of now four weeds and wild plants have been used for extracting colours like pista green from berries of a creeper, leaf and stem for yellow colour, flower of another climber for blue colour and its leaves of yellow to green colour.Among the wild plants they have used oilseed of wild plants whose fruit's seed coat is used to get green, yellow and black colours. A tree's flowers give red and orange colour, while the flowers of another one gives mehndi green colour and leaves give yellow colour. A wild plant but also grown in gardens is being used to produce red, maroon and brown colours.\"Interestingly none of the green colours are obtained from the leaves. Generally one would expect green colours from laves sand different types of colours depending on the flower colour. But we are getting totally different colours from the colour of the material used for extracting the dye,\" said Rupali.The colours have already been used to dye both cotton and silk clothes. While metallic green and yellow are giving good results on cotton clothes, brown and maroon shades are enhancing the beauty of silk material. The research is using one mordant for stabilizing a particular colour. Deshpande told TOI that she is sending her material for testing toxicity and assessing the cosmetic value of certain colours and extracts which can be used in medicines and creams used as anti-ageing agents.The basic extract procedure involves both traditional boiling of cloth in the colour with the mordant. But as a new method the research is using the technique of extracting it in an infrared rays-based oven. This reduces the duration of dyeing substantially from two days to a few hours and from hours to a few minutes.Deshpande tells that she has also extracted a unique oceanic blue colour which can be used to colour edible items like ice-cream. \"Blue ice cream is very rare. But our colour has given good results and is stable too,\" she added. Some colours have also been successfully tried on flavoured milk.AdvantagesEco-friendly as leave no chemical element is left in water as a pollutant after dyeingHave added value to wild plants and weedsSince the extraction cost of the dye is very less, the actual cost of the material will also come down, hence increasing the profitNo heavy metals in dyeAnti-allergic, antibacterial properties in colour add value to the clothCan be converted into a small scale industryRequires much lesser time for dyeing than conventional methods knownMore (20) shades obtained from just 8-10 sourcesPlants can be grown on waste landsThe plant extracts from leaves and other parts can be dried, powdered and stored in bulk and needs not be used freshDisadvantages or limitationsSome colours like pink and blue are unstable and need standardization of procedures.Silk cloths take time to take shades.Not all colours give the same intensity of colour as the natural extract.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11658961", "title": "An instrumental night with the music maestro", "text": "Ever heard 'Jana Gana Mana' played by a full-fledged orchestra with over 10 violins, bass and trumpets with cymbals clashing at 'jaya he'. This alone can give one a clue about Thursday evening's concert, 'Classic Incantations' by maestro A R Rahman. A step away from the usual, this concert was largely instrumental, with the musical score played by German film orchestra Babelsberg.The audience, for all appearances, had come to watch an opera. The women were in evening dresses and stiff sarees, while the men, although not all clad in suits, were definitely dressed a bit formally. They glided along with all the modicum of polite society, the occasional smile bestowed upon an acquaintance they chanced to meet. This appearance, however, shattered when 'superstar' Rajinikanth and daughter Soundarya entered. Decorum went for a toss and wolf whistles rent the air. Chennaiites, as star-crazy as ever, jostled each other to get the superstar's autograph. They were not put off by the bevy of unsmiling guards around him and the attempt for autographs continued even during the interval.In the midst of all the chaos over Rajini, Rahman's entrance went unnoticed, until he went forward to greet Rajinikanth. The audience was spinkled with others from the film fraternity too. Actress Suhasini was spotted and so also was Mrs Y G Parthasarathy.The music, although rendered by a German orchestra, was largely Bollywood and largely Rahman. However, hearing Indian film music played with perfect synchronization and symphony by a 20-member orchestra and a choir was a new experience for the city's aficionados. Most notable among the performances were the theme songs from 'Bombay', 'Roja' and 'Lagaan', the highlight being the soulful strains of flute rendered by Navin Iyer. Judging by the applause, the theme songs from 'Padayappa' and 'Robot' were equally popular.An unusual flavour at the concert was an opera rendition by soprano artist Kavita Baliga. A stunned audience watched as she belted out a song in French, her soprano timbre resounding in the small auditorium. However, the audience was disappointed at the absence of any solo performance by Rahman, who remained largely in the foreground. In all, it was an unusual musical flavour for Chennai and an evening well spent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11661645", "title": "Sunny R-Day perfect for picnics", "text": "KANPUR: The sunny weather was perfect for picnic on Thursday.The minimum and maximum temperature remained above normal. The maximum temperature was 21.3 degrees on Friday while the minimum stood at 7.7 degrees. The humidity was 94 per cent in the morning and went down to 73 per cent in the afternoon.According to the weather experts of Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology, the weather will remain clear and there are no chances of rain even in the coming week. The fast blowing winds may add to chill in the evenings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11660922", "title": "UP polls: 48 file nominations on Day 5", "text": "VARANASI: The candidates of various political parties from different assembly constituencies filed their nomination papers for UP assembly election on Friday. A total of 48 candidates, including Ajay Rai of Congress and Jyotsna Srivastava of BJP, filed their nominations on the fifth day.For the Varanasi North seat, the candidates including Nawab Acche Miyan (Lokpriya Samajwadi Party), Rabia Kalam (Congress), Vinay Kumar (Rashtravadi Congress), Manjulata (Sarvajan Party), SP Srivastava (Trinmul Congress), Jai Prakash Gupta (independent), Udai Pratap Verma (independent), Pramod (independent), Arvind (independent) and Anand (independent) filed their nominations.The candidates who filed their nominations for Shivpur seat were Dukkhi (Bharatiya Samajwadi Kranti Dal), Sarita Patel (CPI-ML), Rajendra Prasad Kushwaha (BJP), Bhaiyya Lal (Janata Dal -U), Buddhu (independent), Maggu Ram (Rashtriya Lokmanch), Devi Prasad (Pragatisheel Manav Samaj Party), and Krishna Kant (Jankranti Party). From Ajgara assembly constituency, Harishchandra (Lok Manch), Rajesh Bharatiya Surya (independent), Punita Kannaujiya (independent), Ramesh (independent), Radhey Syam (independent), Prem Chand Prasad (independent), Shiv Narayan (independent) and Urmila (independent) filed their nominations.For Varanasi Cantonment seat, candidates including Aghendru Shekhar (Lok Janshakti Party), Seema (Bahujan Shakti Party), Jyotsaba Srivastava (BJP), Vikas Tiwari (Apna Dal), and Mohammed Salim (Qaumi Ekta Dal) filed their nominations while Ghunni (Lokpriya Samajwadi Party), Murari (Pragatisheel Manav Samaj Party), Sunil (Rashtriya Lokmanch), Kamlesh Dubey (Samajwadi Congress Party), and Sanjay Rai (BJP) filed their nomination.From Sevapuri constituency, candidates including Mohammed Munnavar Ali (Trinmool Congress), Harshvardhan Singh (Rashtriya Lokmanch), Ram Sakha (Jankranti Party), Ram Vilash Saigal (Shoshit Samaj Party) and Akhilesh (Lok Dal) filed their nominations.Niyaz Ali Manju (Rashtrya Lokmanch), Kumar Saurabh (Pragatishil Manav Samaj Party), and Haji Margub (Ulema Council) filed their nominations for Varanasi South seat while for the Pindra seat, Shyamlal ((CPI), Purnmasi (BJP), Ajay Rai (Congress) and Amit Kumar (Rashtriya Lokmanch) filed their nominations. So far as many as 115 candidates have filed their nomination in five days.Election 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "11655755", "title": "Deshmukh reviews bird flu situation", "text": "GONDIA: In view of the increasing number of deaths of crows in Gondia district, guardian minister Anil Deshmukh reviewed the situation of bird flu epidemic in the district, particularly in Tiroda and Sadak Arjuni tehsils during his visit to Gondia on Thursday.There were reports of increasing number of deaths of crows in these two tehsils in the last fortnight. So Deshmukh called for a meeting of the officers of heath and veterinary department. He then asked the officers to see that the situation does not deteriorate by ensuring that the birds are scientifically disposed off so that the disease does not spread.The district health officer Dr BK Meshram said that a sufficient stock of tamiflu medicine and masks will be ensured in the district. Officials attending the meeting included the collector and CEO of zilla parishad Dr Yeswant Gedam, additional collector Kamlesh Sonale, RDC NKP Rao, SDO Anant Walaskar, deputy commissioner of animal husbandry Dr Uttam Narnawre, civil surgeon Dr Milind Sonwane, medical officer Dr CR Tembhurne, district epidemics officer Dr Pravin Padwe, medical officer of Sadak Arjuni tehsil Dr Suwarna Hubekar and medical officer of Tiroda tehsil Dr Madhav Kotangale.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11658513", "title": "Gang increases TV volume, robs house", "text": "BANGALORE: A seven-member dacoit gang barged into a house of goldsmiths in Raja Rajeshwarinagar, increased the TV volume and threatened the inmates before making off with valuables and cash worth Rs 85,000 on Thursday night.Complainant N Suresh told police: \"We were watching TV at 10pm when we heard a knock. Keshava Murthy, a goldsmith staying with me, opened the door.\" The dacoits barged in and robbed them of 36 grams of gold, three mobile phones and Rs 15,000, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11655620", "title": "Fresh blooper: US veep mimics Indian accent", "text": "WASHINGTON: Super-sensitive India has plenty to hyperventilate about this weekend after US vice-president Joe Biden appeared to imitate an Indian accent while talking about call centers and an American television network affiliate inexplicably referred to Hindu gods as \"weird\" in course of a sports commentary.The Biden flub was par-for-course given the US vice-president's penchant for bloopers that has earned him the nickname 'gaffe machine'. In fact, it was mild by his usual standards, and he even managed to catch himself in time to avoid getting sucked in even more.Biden had once asked a parapelgic, wheelchair bound senator to stand up to accept applause.During a speech at a manufacturing plant in New Hampshire, Biden slipped into an Indian accent briefly while speaking about US job loss and call centers abroad, before pulling out, perhaps aware of the kerfuffle he had caused some months back, when he was caught on an open microphone remarking that \"You cannot go to a 7-Eleven or a Dunkin' Donuts unless you have a slight Indian accent. I'm not joking\".Indeed, Biden's home state Delaware has a sizable Indian-American population, many of whom his ardent political supporters. There are a large number of fast food franchisees and convenience stores and liquor outlet owners among them.While Delaware desis themselves did not particularly take offense to Biden's offhand remark, protests came from publicity-hungry flacks elsewhere who are ever sensitive to the smallest slight, real or imagined, to Indian pride.Last heard, the government of India and the Indian embassy had not registered any protest against Biden's accented offense, something they were quick to record in case of a purported slight by the comedian Jay Leno to the Golden Temple.That protest was brusquely dismissed by the US state department , which chose to air its support for Leno's free speech rights, even as others pointed out that the subject of Leno's derision was wealthy Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney , and not the Sikhs or the Golden Temple. NBC, whose signature comedy show offends many every night while offering comic relief to millions, itself did not offer any comments on the issue. But Indian remonstrations are in full flight now, and they forced an NBC affiliate in Chicago on the back foot on Thursday. An NBC local station in Chicago pulled a sports commentary from its website after some Hindu activists objected to its suggestion that Hindu gods are somehow \"weird\". The commentary about an ice hockey match titled 'Why a 3-1 Blackhawks Loss Isn't So Bad', said the winning team Nashville Predators were \"swallowing up space like some weird Hindu god.\" that, said Rajan Zed, a NRI priest from Nevada who monitors closely, objects vocally, and conveys unfailingly to the media anything he considers offensive to Hindus, \"hurt the feelings...of one billion Hindus worldwide\".US Vice-President Joe ''Bloviator'' Biden has a Bush-esque record of gaffes and howlers. Here are his ''Top Five.'' \"Stand up, Chuck, let 'em see ya.\" - Biden at a public meeting in 2008 to Missouri Sen. Chuck Graham , who is a wheelchair-bound paraplegic.\"His mom lived in Long Island for ten years or so. God rest her soul. And- although, she's- wait- your mom's still alive! Your dad passed. God bless her soul.\" --Joe Biden, on the mother of Irish Prime Minister Brian Cowen , who is very much alive, in March 2010\"Look, John's last-minute economic plan does nothing to tackle the number-one job facing the middle class, and it happens to be, as Barack says, a three-letter word: jobs. J-O-B-S, jobs.\" - during the 2008 Presidential elections''You cannot go to a 7-11 or a Dunkin' Donuts unless you have a slight Indian accent.... I'm not joking.\" -- in a private remark to an Indian-American man caught on C-SPAN.\"This is a big fucking deal!\" - Sotto Voce remark congratulating President Barack Obama caught on an open mike during the health care signing ceremony in March 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "11661034", "title": "NRGs quench motherland's thirst with RO water", "text": "RAJKOT: A group of NRGs, mostly hailing from Kadva Patel community, are pooling in resources so that neighbours in their native towns get pure water to drink.The NRGs have donated to put up reverse osmosis (RO) water plants in 54 villages so far.Jayesh Patel, secretary of Umiya Mataji Trust (Sidasar), through which funds are being routed says the scheme is a brainchild of US-based Dr Bhanjibhai Kundariya, a native of Khambhla village in Porbandar district.\"The first RO plant was started in Khambhla village in 2008. Soon more NRGs lapped up the idea and started establishing RO plants in their native villages. NRGs contribute 80 per cent of the fund, while the rest by local villagers,\" Patel says.\"Pure water is a key to anybody's health. Impure water can lead to many diseases. So, we started this scheme in villages,\" Kundariya says.Initially, when the scheme was launched, 100 per cent fund was born by NRGs. Subsequently, local participation increased.\"In many villages, the entire fund has been raised by locals. We have a health committee at Umiya Mataji Trust to spread awareness about the RO plant and its benefits. Though the project is funded by NRGs, the RO plant is for all villagers irrespective of their caste or creed,\" Patel adds.The capacity of each plant is planned as per the village's requirement. \"Mainly 500 litre per hour and 1,000 litre per hour plants are being installed,\" another member of the trust Rajni Patel says.Interestingly, trust has been organizing a 'Wintering Motherland' programme every year at Sidsar where NRGs learn about their native villages' necessity and plan out accordingly.\"We are expecting to establish 50 RO plants every year in Saurashtra region in coming years,'' Rajni adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11658775", "title": "Labourer arrested for raping minor", "text": "PUNE: The Mundhwa police on late Thursday night arrested a labourer for allegedly raping the 14-year-old daughter of his brother-in-law. He has also been charged for assaulting his son with a sharp weapon, when the latter tried to stop him. The incident took place at Mundhwa on Thursday around 3 pm. The victim is undergoing treatment in the Sassoon general hospital.The suspect's 15-year-old son, who received a strong blow on his hand, was discharged from the hospital after treatment.Mangala Modhve, sub-inspector of the Mundhwa police station, said the victim, her elder sister and younger brother live with their grandmother on Tadiwala Road, as their father works as a driver in Kolhapur. Their mother doesn't stay with them. \"On January 25, the victim's father called his mother (the girl's grandmother) and asked her to come to Kolhapur for some urgent work,\" Modhve said.The grandmother then sent the children to Mundhwa to stay with her daughter. \"In the afternoon on January 26, the victim's elder sister, brother and the aunt had gone out. The victim, the suspect and his 15-year-old son were at home,\" Modhve said.After lunch, when the victim was sleeping, the suspect allegedly raped her. When she cried for help, the suspect's son woke up and tried to stop his father. \"The suspect then assaulted his son with a sharp weapon. In the scuffle, the victim managed to escape,\" Modhve said.The victim later narrated the incident to her elder sister. Both visited the police station and filed a complaint. \"We have arrested the suspect for raping a minor and also for assaulting his son,\" Modhve said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11658899", "title": "Vitamin E rich tomatoes for defense staff from DRDO", "text": "COIMBATORE: An innovative research project to evolve tomatoes rich in Vitamin E is nearing completion at the local research centre of Defense Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) at Bharathiyar University campus here. Though normal tomatoes are vitamin rich, they contain only small amounts of Vitamin E, an anti-oxidant that boosts immunity apart from preventing blood clots and heart ailments.Vitamin E rich tomatoes, now being developed through tissue culture method on a Himalayan variety called Shalimar, will soon be planted in army stations with very cold climates like that of Siachin. In another five years, other varieties of tomatoes will also be cultivated that are enriched with vitamin E. The DRDO will promote their cultivation in the premises of defense related establishments as well as individual farm lands.\"Tomatoes enriched with Vitamin E are ideal for use in high altitude areas as it relieves stress, fatigue and even infertility,\" says K Asha Kiran, a senior research fellow with DRDO. The research work is going on under the supervision of Dr S Girija, assistant professor of biotechnology at Bharathiyar University.According to Dr K Kadirvel, joint director of DRDO, the new variety of tomatoes is being developed with a view to keep defense personal fit even in adverse climatic conditions. Like all other DRDO innovations, this one also will later be cultivated for use by the public.According to him, the Shalimar variety of tomatoes was also developed by DRDO some years ago with a view to increase tomato cultivation in hostile cool terrains. By enriching them with Vitamin E, DRDO is turning another mile stone,'' he said. Though commercial cultivation will take another five years, the new variety will soon be planted at Siachin.The Bharatiyar University-DRDO Centre for Life Sciences was started in 2010 February with the objective of developing products useful for military personnel. About two dozen research works are in various stages at the research centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11658611", "title": "Catch them young and encourage writing: LSS", "text": "BANGALORE: Young writers should be encouraged, their work nourished and taken to new heights, writer and critic LS Seshagiri Rao said.The 85-year-old Kannada icon, who gave away the Masti awards to three writers on Friday, said: \"It was Masti Venkatesha Iyengar who recognized the hidden talent of legendary poets such as DR Bendre and KS Narasimhaswamy. My fear is if young writers are not encouraged then we may not have authors in future.\"Three novelists won the Masti-Novel award, while K Satyanarayana, chief commissioner, income tax, grabbed Best Story award for Naxal Varase (Naxal Challenge). \"Sheshagiri Rao has always encouraged me. It was he who edited my small poems, stories and other articles during my earlier days,\" Satyanarayana said.Know more about MastiThere is a famous saying in Kannada, 'Masti-Kannadada aasti' (Masti is Kannada's asset). Born on June 6, 1891, in Hongenahalli, Kolar, he's the fourth among nine Kannada authors to receive the Jnanpith Award. He is remembered for his short stories. After completing his Nasters in English Literature from Madras University in 1914, Masti joined Indian Civil Service (now IAS) and retired in 1943 as district commissioner. He penned over three novels, three dramas and nearly a dozen of books, including the famous epic 'Shri Rama Pattabhicharita'. He died in 1986 at the age of 95.The winnersWhile veteran journalist-writer Sharath Kalkod won the award for his novel Kaade-Goode, writer Usha Narasimhan was awarded for Krishna Mruga and Girish Jakapure for his book Belaku Bantu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11657335", "title": "T\u2019wood sore over Padma awards", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Telugu film industry is peeved with the central government over film personalities being 'neglected' in Padma awards announced on the occasion of Republic Day this year.\"It is a shame that the Centre simply refuses to acknowledge that there are big personalities in the Telugu film industry who deserve to be bestowed with the honours,\" Movie Artistes Association (MAA) president M Murali Mohan said.On Friday, well-known actor and writer Tanikella Bharani also expressed the same feelings in Srikakulam. Tanikella said it was a disgrace that actors had to lobby for awards and those who did not were completely ignored. To substantiate his views, Bharani said that even well-known filmmaker Bapu was not considered for the Padma award.Murali Mohan was of the opinion that not just this year, 'injustice' was being done every year to Tollywood, which has many artistes to be bestowed the honour. He said that even producers like D Rama Naidu were not considered. \"This shows that the state government is doing nothing to get recognitions for those who deserve it from the Telugu film industry,\" he said.In the last couple of days since the Padma awards were announced, there has been a general disenchantment in the Telugu film industry. In 2006, Chiranjeevi got the Padma Bhushan for which he had to wait for a long time. Superstar Krishna got it only in 2009.While there is a lot of disappointment in the Telugu film industry over the neglect of Tollywood stars during the Padma awards this year in particular and every year in general, the Telugu Film Producers' Council (TFPC) president Burgupalli Sivaramakrishna said it was time something was done about it.In the past, neither the Andhra Pradesh Film Chamber of Commerce nor the Telugu Film Producers Council or even the Movie Artistes Association thought it fit to take up the issue formally.\"We want the state government to consult the film body when it is considering names for Padma awards. As an organisation, we will take up the issue seriously,\" Sivaramakrishna said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11658666", "title": "I will present budget, asserts DVS", "text": "HUBLI: Reiterating that he's here to stay as chief minister for the rest of the term, DV Sadananda Gowda on Friday made it clear he would present the budget this year.\"There is no room for confusion at all. I'm going to present the budget,\" he said, in a jibe at former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa , who has been making desperate efforts to return as chief minister.In the past few days, Yeddyurappa, in his public meetings, has been making statements about the continuity of the Gowda government.At Hubli airport, Gowda made it clear to reporters that he would prepare the budget after the legislature session ends on February 10. \"I'll devote one month to the budget.''Asked about political developments, the CM said he had come to Hubli as a swayamsevak. \"The camp is aimed at the construction of a strong and united India, and there is no discussion of politics.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "bhavnagar", "code": "11661076", "title": "Indecent proposal claimed teacher's life", "text": "BHAVNAGAR: It was an indecent proposal to a friend that led to the ghastly murder of schoolteacher Pinakin Jani, whose charred body was found from the outskirts of the city on January 20.Bhavnagar police on Friday arrested two persons - Bhadresh alias Bharat Makwana and Rajesh alias Raju Makwana - for murdering Jani and their interrogation revealed that the teacher had made a lecherous demand for the wife of one of them.Jani (50) was a mathematics teacher in Sharda Mandir High school in Bhavnagarpara area in city. Bharat (30), a resident of Shubhashnagar area in city, is a plumbing contractor and Raju is his associate. Bharat came in contact with Jani a year ago and their friendship developed.\"As they came closer, Jani started asking Bharat and Raju to send women at his home. Both found this proposal indecent, but managed to provide a woman to clean his house. Jani was a womanizer and once he even asked Bharat to send his wife. This lecherous demand instigated both of them to kill him,\" police officials said.Bharat and Raju decided to teach him a lesson and so they called Jani at Bharat's newly constructed house.They strangled and killed him there. Police said Bharat only wanted to threaten Jani, but Raju told him that they have to finish him.\"After killing Pinakin, they burnt his body to destroy the evidence. They even took away his ornaments and mobile phone,'' superintendent of police, Bhavnagar, V Chandrashekhar said.\"Pinakin was married and his wife works with a bank. But his lust for woman instigated the accused to kill him. We have recovered gold chain, mobile phone and other ornaments which were taken away by the duo,\" Chandrashekar told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11658992", "title": "10 yrs, Sena saw most defections", "text": "MUMBAI: Anand Paranjpe, the two-time Shiv Sena Member of Parliament from Kalyan who shocked everyone last week by showing signs of defecting to the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP), is not the only one who has switched loyalties during elections. A look at the history of defections in the state over the past decade shows it is not a new phenomenon.Forty-eight party functionaries , from zilla parishad heads to MPs and legislators, have defected to the NCP from various parties over a decade, but it has lost 28 functionaries to its opponents. The Shiv Sena has probably seen some of its biggest names switch sides and has lost 29 members to opponents , including the Congress and NCP, when the anti-defection law was not as stringent as it is today, albeit with loopholes.\"This history tells you that the hype being created over the likely defection of Paranjpe is unnecessary, irrespective of what impact it may have on the poll's outcome . It may be the timing, but people should remember that most parties have seen bigger names defect from their folds,\" a senior state NCP politician said. \"We take it in our stride as the party is bigger than the indiviual,\" he said.The parties trace back the history of major defections to over 15 years ago, when Chhagan Bhujbal, public works minister and NCP leader, left the Sena along with 12 legislators.The defection meant that the Sena lost its position as main opposition party, and Manohar Joshi lost his status as leader of the opposition . The party, however, managed to over- come the setback and gained strength by claiming the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) in 1993.TOP DEFECTORSSome top politicians who have switched sidesShiv Sena |Narayan Rane, Ganesh Naik, Raj Thackeray, Sanjay Nirupam, Bhaskar Jadhav, Ravindra Mane, Subodh Mohite, Ramesh Prabhu, Vinayak Nimhan, Nandkumar Kale and Satish PradhanNCP |Jaykumar Rawal, Namdeo Usandi, Datta Meghe, Shalinitai Patil, Pratap Sarnaik and Subhash BhoirBJP |Suresh Dhas, Panditanna Munde and Dhananjay MundeCongress |Govindrao Adik and Uttamrao Bhalerao", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11661273", "title": "Tableaux mark R-Day", "text": "RANCHI: Governor Syed Ahmed on Thursday appealed Maoists to shun the path of violence and join the mainstream as it hinders development. \"Naxalism is a big problem in the path of development. Violence has no place in a democracy,\" said Ahmed while unfurling the national flag to mark the Republic Day celebrations.\"I appeal the misguided youths to keep away from the path of violence and adopt peace and brotherhood, which is good for both you and the state,\" said the governor.At the same time he admitted that much has to be done on the development front. Efforts would be made to speed up implementation of development programmes and social welfare initiatives so that Jharkhand could be counted among the developed states. An impressive display of drill along with the rich cultural heritage was showcased by government departments and companies were the main attraction of the Republic Day parade.Early morning chill did not deter people, including women and children, who assembled at the Morhabadi ground from quite early to be a part of the grand celebrations. As different contingents of police and NCC passed, everyone cheered to show that they are there within them always.The tableau of information and public relation department (IPRD), which also won the first prize, came as a surprise for most people present on the occasion as it presented the rare rock art site of Khunti. The prehistoric rock art site at Sirum village, around 30 km from the district headquarters of Khunti, dates back from prehistoric to Iron Age.Director G Munda said that the tableau was made to make people aware of the rich art and culture of Jharkhand which is not known to them. The tableaux of Jharkhand State Khadi Board and Jharkhand Education Project were adjudged second and third, respectively.Central Coalfields Limited and Tata Steel also presented their achievements and work done in social sector through their tableau.After the customary salute and unfurling of the tricolour, the governor presented gallantry awards to police officers.Among the other main functions that marked the day was the one in Dumka where chief minister Arjun Munda unfurled the national flag. Chairman-cum-managing director of Central Coalfields Ltd R K Saha and his counterpart from Heavy Engineering Corporation R Misra hoisted the flag at Gandhi Nagar and Dhurwa, respectively.Mecon CMD A K Ghosh unfurled the national flag in Ranchi. Ghosh said the company has been maintaining the legacy of achieving challenging milestones. He added that consultancy contract for expansion ad modernization of Rourkela Steel Plant, Bhillai Steel Plant, Bokaro Steel Plant and Durgapur Steel Plant has been signed this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11661689", "title": "Rs 7.89 looted from petrol pump cashier", "text": "KANPUR: Two miscreants, riding on a motorcycle, looted Rs 7.89 lakh from the cashier of a petrol pump near Krishnapuram, under the jurisdiction of Chakeri police, on Friday afternoon.Radha Raman was going on a two-wheeler to the Union Bank of India to deposit the cash. He was stopped by the two miscreants near Krishnapuram.One of them snatched a bag containing money at gunpoint. The incident took place near a police picket and in full public view. He reported the incident to police. Cops arrived at the site and initiated a probe. \"Radha Raman is an employee of a petrol pump in Chakeri, from where the accused had followed him,\" cops added.DIG Rajesh Rai said that the police have got certain vital clues and the case would be worked out soon.Thieves nabbed: Three thieves were nabbed by the residents of Swaroop Nagar on Thursday night. The thieves were identified as Sameer, Dilshad and Yusuf, who had gone to commit a theft at the house of Lucy Chang, a dentist, on Thursday night. The dentist and her two servants tried to overpower the thieves but they were attacked with sharp-edged weapons. On hearing their cries, the locals rushed to the house and managed to nab the thieves after a brief chase. Sameer is an employee of Chang, whose services were terminated about four months back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11658293", "title": "'Act on roadside meet unlawful'", "text": "KOCHI: Contradictory provisions in the legislation brought forward by the State government to overcome the Kerala High Court's ban on roadside meetings make it unlawful, alleged petitioner Dejo Kappan on Thursday.The affidavit filed by the petitioner at the high court highlights that Section 4 of the legislation, Kerala Public Ways Restriction of Assemblies and Processions Act, 2011, prohibits obstruction of public ways whereas Section 5 of the Act gives power to the district police chief to allow meetings and processions up to 12 am. These two sections of the Act are contradictory, which makes the Act itself unlawful, claims the petitioner, in an affidavit filed through advocate Johnson Manayani.No rules have been formed by the State government for the legislation brought forth to overcome the Kerala High Court's ban on roadside meetings, which makes the legislation inactive, the petitioner alleges.On January 9, the government had contended that the legislation was intended to uphold the constitutional rights of the people to conduct meetings and rallies. The legislation was meant to impose restrictions on the right to conduct meetings and rallies and doesn't violate the rights of the people, the government had submitted to the court.While hearing a contempt of court petition filed by Khalid Mundappilly on December 3, a division bench consisting of one of the judges who originally banned roadside meetings had ruled that the judges who imposed the ban would hear further related cases.It was the division bench of Justice C N Ramachandran Nair and Justice P S Gopinathan that banned roadside meetings citing violation of right to move freely, which is guaranteed by the Constitution.While Justice C N Ramachandran Nair was the acting chief justice, Kerala government's legislation to overcome the high court ban on roadside meetings was stayed by the bench headed by him. While considering Khalid Mundappilly's petition citing violation of the court order by DYFI activists at Muvattupuzha, acting Chief Justice C N Ramachandran Nair's bench had ordered for a stay on Kerala Public Ways Restriction of Assemblies and Processions Act, 2011 on November 2.State claims that conducting meetings is a constitutional right", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "yanam", "code": "11655473", "title": "Workers lynch factory boss after union leader's death", "text": "YANAM: Puducherry's serene enclave of Yanam turned into a battleground on Friday as enraged workers of a private firm, Regency Ceramics , lynched its president K C Chandrashekhar after their union leader died following a lathicharge by police.Chandrashekhar, who was president (operations) and son-in-law of the company chairman, was attacked with iron rods at his home. He was taken to a private hospital in Kakinada in Andhra, 30km from Yanam, where he died.Trouble began when police picked up union leader M S Murali Mohan, a Dalit, late on Thursday on a complaint by the factory management. The workers have been agitating for better wages and regularization of staff for the past three months. Murali was released a few hours later.At 6am on Friday, he went to the factory along with some workers and tried to obstruct the morning shift. The cops deployed there charged at them with lathis, injuring at least 20 workers.Murali collapsed and died on way to hospital. Hundreds of workers gathered outside the police station and demanded that the guilty be booked for murder.100 arrests made after violence rocks YanamProhibitory orders were imposed in Puducherry's enclave of Yanam in Andhra Pradesh and police forces called in from Kakinada after angry workers of Regency Ceramics, a private firm, lynched their company president, torched several vehicles and laid siege to a police station. Eight workers were injured in police firing that followed; the condition of two of them is critical. More than 100 protesters have been arrested.The factory workers, who have been on strike since January 1 demanding a raise and regularization of services of temporary staff, turned violent after their union leader, M S Murali Mohan, died on Friday after a police lathicharge at the factory. The management had reportedly decided to retrench five workers and had even obtained orders from the Madras high court that the striking workers should not come within 200 metres of the industrial unit.As news of Murali's death spread , factory workers damaged nearly 50 company cars, buses and trucks and set them on fire. Some private vehicles were also targeted. Residents joined hands with the angry mob of around 600 workers and ransacked the factory. After setting it on fire, they torched an educational institution run by the company, besides burning down a shed.Two oil tankers were also gutted, while miscreants looted computers, ceramic tiles and other office material. Some of the workers went to company president K C Chandrashekhar's house and beat him up with iron rods. He died later in a hospital. Police said the tense situation in the neighbouring town of Kakinada, following the desecration of B R Ambedkar's statue, added fuel to the violence.The trade union formed by Murali has been demanding regularization of those who have put in 15 years of service. The workers have been on a relay hunger strike for the past 10 days, demanding reinstatement of sacked workers and revocation of transfer of workers who took part in earlier protests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11658494", "title": "Three cheers to cap on commercialization", "text": "Resident welfare associations have received a shot in the arm by the recent Karnataka high court interim order barring all fresh construction of non-residential nature in residential areas such as Koramangala, Vasanthnagar, Vijayanagar, RT Nagar, Malleswaram, Jayanagar and Rajajinagar.At least 30 malls have come up in Bangalore since 2007 and a considerable number of these have come up in areas which had been residential in nature till a few years earlier. Residential areas like Koramangala have become IT hubs. Every street in these areas is replete with stories of residents who had to flee their homes in search of peaceful neighbourhoods.Doris K Raj, civic activist and chairperson of Bangalore East Swabhimana East, said commercial development in these areas has ruined their very social fabric. \"Children and senior citizens find it difficult to cross the road. Women and young girls have to put up with eve teasing right on their doorsteps given that bars and restaurants are found in every other street. The halt to business activities in residential areas is certainly a victory for residents,\" she said.Koramangala was one of earliest localities to pay the price for commercialization. Residents recall how things degenerated. Footpaths became parking lots, water supply was affected, sewage drains got clogged and women faced security problems.But commercialization is a predator and there's no end to its predatory instincts. Those who initially resisted commercialization have had to sell off their houses to commercial interests before moving out.\"Where is the need to have a multi-storey hospital or an IT company or a mall in a residential area? But all of them have come up, just because it was encouraged by the CDP. The very term of mixed zoning has been misinterpreted in the CDP. Even an IT company can come up on an 18-foot-wide road. But what about the traffic and other problems such an entity could cause on the narrow road?\" wondered Vijayan Menon, member of Citizen Action Forum (CAF) which spearheaded the legal battle against commercialization in residential areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "11655493", "title": "Professional poachers active in Sironcha?", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Even as the incident of tiger poaching in Jharan range of Forest Development Corporation of Maharashtra (FDCM) is fresh, the forest officers have discovered intrusion of professional poachers in Pranhita range in Gadchiroli. A forest guard found a spring trap used for tiger poaching hidden in the jungle near village Venkatapur on state border three days ago.Sources said that the forest guard saw a bag hung from a tree hidden behind thick leaves in compartment number 310 of Venkatapur round in Pranhita range. Smelling a rat, he removed the bag and was shocked to see its content. There was an iron spring trap used by seasoned poachers to trap a tiger in the bag. The guard immediately informed his superiors who rushed to the spot. A search in the jungle revealed three holes made by installing similar tiger traps. Startled by the discovery, the forest officers have intensified patrolling and alerted intelligence contacts in the area.Sources said that Venkatapur round and jungle around is known for presence of tigress. \"The spring trap found in Venkatapur jungle resembles the traps used by Bahuria poachers,\" said an expert in wildlife.There is a possibility that the poachers might have entered Venkatapur jungle by crossing Pranhita river from Andhra Pradesh side. The place is located close to border and one needs only to cross the river to enter Maharashtra's territory. Bahuria poachers usually camp close to jungle under their target area. As the Venkatapur area is Naxal-infested and has thick jungle, the possibility of poachers camping close to some habitation across the border in Andhra Pradesh is high, sources said.Sironcha forest division DCF A Shrilakshmi confirmed the recovery from Venkatapur jungle. She claimed, patrolling has been intensified in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11657951", "title": "Govt plans to procure 30 lakh MT paddy", "text": "PATNA: Food and consumers protection minister Shyam Rajak on Friday said that in the wake of record production of paddy, the state government has charted out an action plan involving Primary Agriculture Credit Societies (PACSs), State Food Corporation (SFC) and the Food Corporation of India (FCI) for ensuring procurement of 30 lakh metric tonnes (MT) of paddy during the kharif marketing season 2011-12.Briefing mediapersons here, he said that this is the minimum target for procurement of paddy and to achieve the target, the SFC has set a month-wise procurement target and it would ensure procurement of five lakh MT of paddy in January, 12.5 lakh MT in February and 7.5 lakh MT in March.The minister said that if the target fixed for procurement of paddy is not achieved under unavoidable circumstances, then all possible efforts would be made to achieve the target by April 2012. He further said that so far different agencies have been able to ensure procurement of 2.51 lakh MT of which the PACSs have procured 2.05 lakh MT, SFC 24,000 MT, directly from the farmers, while the FCI had purchased 24,450 MT.Rajak said that the Bihar State Financial Corporation has been appointed the nodal agency for procurement of paddy. He said that PACSs are involved in buying paddy directly from farmers. There are 6,532 PACSs involved in procurement in the state and the state government has taken measures to prevent middlemen from cheating farmers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11663528", "title": "Snoop Dogg blasts Kim Kardashian online", "text": "Snoop Dogg has blasted Kim Kardashian in an web video in which he calls her a \"cold-blooded bitch\".The rapper has released the video online under his alter-ego Nemo and in it he addresses the socialite's estranged husband Kris Humphries - who Kim dumped in October after just 72 days of marriage.Snoop's words of advice to the basketball player include telling him he should never have tried to \"wife the bitch\" because she gets around.In the video - posted on mrgrassys.com - the hip-hop star says: \"First advice is you should have never tried to wife the bitch man. She's not that type of a ho, she gets around ... She's cold-blooded, I'm pretty sure she'll have a book in a month talking about all the n****rs that she got and how she played them. So, my advice is you can't make a ho a housewife. Don't try to reinvent the wheel.\"Snoop also mentions two of Kim's ex-lovers, NFL player Reggie Bush and singer Ray J, who is his cousin.The 'Wet' rapper claims Ray J - who appeared in a home made sex tape with Kim which was eventually released on DVD - is the only guy who \"bounced back from the bitch\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11661509", "title": "AU students demand announcement of union election date", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A group of student leaders and their supporters protested at the arts campus of Allahabad University on Friday. They were demanding announcement of date for elections and cleaning of the union hall premises.The students approached the Darbhanga Hall, housing the registrar office. Registrar JN Mishra was on leave, the students wanted to meet deputy registrar RL Vishwakarma, who was officiating as the registrar. But they found it the office locked from inside. The group went to the V-C's office. He was in the chemistry department to take classes. The students became agitated. The security officer and member of the proctorial team arrived at the portico and tried to pacify the protesters. The students warned the university authorities to declare the election dates within the next 24 hours, failing which they would intensify the protest.Later, the students went to collectorate to meet the district magistrate and sought his cooperation in providing force to AU administration so that the elections could be held at the earliest. But they could not meet him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11657215", "title": "Students help eateries pile up profits", "text": "MUMBAI: Street carts and eateries outside schools and colleges were always as intrinsic to student life as the classrooms and canteens inside. They remain so even today, albeit with a slight difference. Children now have more money, they spend more money, as a consequence of which the eateries are ritzier and the street carts institutionalised.For any student of St Andrew's College in Bandra, Andora is akin to a second home. Once a roadside stall, it is today a delightful cafe. The popularity of its spring rolls, barbequed chicken and burgers stays unchanged, though. \"I had heard of Andora even before I started studying here,\" says Jeremiah Rebello, a student of St Andrew's. \"My uncle, who is an alumnus of the college, used to frequent the place. He praised the food at home and ever since I've wanted to come here.\"Raju Sandwich underwent a similar transition. It began as a small stall near HR College and KC College several years ago and is now a stylish eating joint. \"Students come here before classes begin, during their breaks and after college hours. They don't mind spending a little extra as long as they get something tasty and interesting to eat,\" says Sanjay Kumar of Raju Sandwich. The masses of students have kept the eatery on its toes. It regularly updates its menu and boasts of recently adding a 'pasta-cheese sandwich' to its offerings.In Bandra, the profusion of schools and colleges has ensured that not just restaurants but other establishments too have flourished. \"Earlier, we saw crowds thronging our shops only on weekends. But now, students come almost every day. They don't think twice before spending on clothes, bags, shoes and accessories because they have money at their disposal,\" says Majid Abidi, the owner of a small stall on Hill Road.Sajid Ansari, who too owns a stall on Hill Road, agrees: \"You will hardly find a stall owner here in Bandra who will complain about lack of customers; college students help us make a decent living.\"But the bond created between such establishments and the children is not just mercenary. Any retelling of a school or college memory is incomplete without an account of the time spent with friends at a nearby restaurant. For the owners of these restaurants, it is a matter of pride that their former patrons have grown into successful businessmen or professionals in different corners of the world. \"So many of my old customers are today working in London or the US or somewhere else,\" says Anant Taloje, the owner of the sandwich stall outside Mithibai College in Vile Parle. \"But every time they come to visit their family in Mumbai, they pay me a visit too.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "11657932", "title": "Karmapa arrives at Bodh Gaya", "text": "GAYA: Ogyen Trinley Dorje, the 17th Karmapa and the second most important religious leader of the Buddhists, next only to the Dalai Lama, arrived at Bodh Gaya on Friday afternoon.The Karmapa arrived by a regular Delhi-Gaya flight of Air India . He would be staying at Bodh Gaya for more than a month and participate in the special prayers and rituals performed at Mahabodhi temple, the most sacred Buddhist shrine. He will be staying at Tregar Monastery, Bodh Gaya.On his arrival, the high priest was given a ceremonial welcome as colourfully-attired Tibetans played their traditional musical instruments to welcome the Karmapa who is likely to maintain a low profile on account of controversies during his previous Bodh Gaya visits when Indian Buddhists protested against his alleged violation of the ban on footwear on the Mahabodhi temple premises. Reported recovery of allegedly unaccounted money from his Dharamshala ( HP ) base also created ripples in Buddhist circles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "11661198", "title": "Cattle thieves crush old woman to death", "text": "SURAT: In a brutal act, some animal thieves crushed a 57-year-old woman to death under their pick-up van when she tried to stop them from stealing their cattle in Nani Naroli village of Mangrol taluka of the district early on Friday morning.Her husband was also seriously injured in the incident. Police have launched a manhunt to nab the accused.According to the officials of Mangrol police , the incident occurred between 2.30 am and 3.00 am on Friday morning. Mustafa Hussain Andhi, 60 and his wife Zarina were sleeping near the cattle yard at Sharad Faliya of Nani Naroli in the night . Their son Farook and his family was sleeping on the other side. A group of six to seven men entered the area with the intention of stealing the animals with the pick-up van. Mustafa woke up hearing the noise and started shouting for help. This alerted other people. tnnWhile trying to escape, the thieves first ran their vehicle over Mustafa's leg and then over Zarina who tried to stop the van to catch them. Zarina died on her way to the hospital while Mustafa is in a serious condition.AV Chaudhary, police sub-inspector in-charge of investigations, said, \"The gang was from the some other area and not local. But we are finding it difficult to trace the thieves as nobody could note the van's registration number or see the attackers properly.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11656350", "title": "Four acquitted in NRI boy's abduction case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A city sessions court acquitted four persons who were accused of abducting an NRI boy and for demanding ransom of Rs 50 lakh.A class eight student at SGVP, Sola - Jeet Patel was kidnapped and the kidnappers demanded Rs 50 lakh towards ransom. An FIR in this regard was filed with the Naroda police on December 23, 2009. Jeet's parents were residing in Canada and the boy was sent to India for studies three years before the incident took place.Investigation by cops revealed that the abduction was done by Vinod Patel, Vijay Patani, Kanu Dantani and Geeta Patani. After the charge sheet, additional sessions judge Geeta Gopi framed charges against the four, but by then the accused got bail. Finally, trial was conducted by additional session judge V M Naik, who found all four innocent and acquitted them.During the trial, prosecution relied on 49 documentary evidences, but did not examine the witness - Anjuben Patel who had received the call demanding ransom. Defence lawyer Anand Brahmbhatt contended that the prosecution has to prove its case beyond doubt, but in this case, the investigator cannot complete chain of incidents as per allegations on the four persons.The defence counsel argued that the abducted boy returned home a couple of days later on his own, and prosecution failed to establish that he was under illegal custody of the accused persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "11661079", "title": "Bhatti agrees to obtain bail; released", "text": "RAJKOT: City Congress president Jaswantsinh Bhatti, who was jailed after he refused to obtain bail in physical assault case, agreed to avail bail at the insistence of state Congress president Arjun Modhwadia on Friday. Bhatti was booked for physical assault following a complaint against him filed by former city mayor and BJP leader Uday Kangad. Both Bhatti and Kangad had come to blows during the preparation of chief minister Narendra Modi's sadbhavna mission in the city in which Bhatti had alleged that BJP workers had covered late Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi's statue with sadbhavna posters. After this, Kangad had lodged the complaint against Bhatti, leading to his arrest. \"When Bhatti was produced before a court here, he accused police of being hand in glove with Congress and refused to obtain bail. However, after senior Congress leaders met at a Rajkot Bar Association's general board meeting and decided torequested him along with Modhwadia to avail bail, he agreed and obtained bail at Rs 5,000,\" a Congress worker said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11658034", "title": "Medical infra corporation to become functional soon", "text": "PATNA: Bihar Medical Services and Infrastructure Corporation (BMSIC) will become fully functional from April 1 this year.The overall objective of the corporation, set up last year, is to procure and ensure provision of quality drugs and equipment and build proper infrastructure for health services.Health secretary Sanjay Kumar said, \"The government is committed to provide timely and effective health care services to the people of the state.As a large number of people depend on government health care delivery system to meet their needs, it has become imperative for the government to take a lead in this regard. Optimal availability of good quality drugs procured at competitive prices and proper construction and maintenance of health facilities were of paramount importance for better health care delivery.In such a scenario, the financing and supply of drugs, and various services for government health delivery system have become one of the key concerns for the state government.\"The corporation will not only ensure that the government derives value for money services in a transparent and equitable manner but also make sure that the services are provided in a timely manner.The corporation would construct quarters for doctors and nurses coupled with 30-bed hospitals, Kumar said, adding that by February-end, tender process for the construction purpose would be rolled out. State-level monitoring would be done to maintain transparency and accountability.Incidentally, Kumar holds the additional charge of MD, BMSIC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11657489", "title": "TRS serves breach of privilege notice on DGP, home secy", "text": "HYDERABAD: Telangana Rashtra Samithi (TRS) floor leader E Rajendar on Friday called on Assembly speaker N Manohar and served a breach of privilege motion against state police chief V Dinesh Reddy and principal home secretary P Gautam Kumar for failing to withdraw cases booked against students and others in connection with the Telangana agitation.The TRS floor leader said, \"The action of the home secretary and DGP has brought down the image, dignity and authority of the House and its members in the eyes of the common man. They have failed to honour the assurances made to the Legislative Assembly.\"We understand that the state government is not sincere in lifting the cases. All they want is to precipitate the matter and harass students on one pretext or the other. They are trying to implement Chapter VIII of the Srikrishna Committee report and trample on the movement.\"What else can we expect from a Seemandhra government which is yet to fulfill GO 610. These Samakyavada rulers will ensure that all their promises remain on paper.\"\"Their action amounts to gross contempt of Assembly and its members.\"We request the honourable Speaker to refer the matter to the privilege committee for taking necessary action against the home secretary and DGP respectively for breach of privilege and contempt of the Assembly and its members,\" he stated in his two-page written submission.The development comes barely 48 hours after the home minister assured a delegation of TRS and student leaders that all the cases would be reviewed and lifted in a phased manner due to the legalities attached to the withdrawal of these cases. The home minister stated that the 657 cases filed against students during the Telangana agitation were already withdrawn based on the assurance given by the government in the Assembly. \"Another 790 cases would also be withdrawn by month end. Necessary GOs would be issued soon.At least 133 others are being referred for legal advice,\" she said and added that there could be legal issues in certain cases where government and private properties have been damaged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11660732", "title": "Obama's IT czar Aneesh Chopra quits", "text": "WASHINGTON: Aneesh Chopra, President Barack Obama's first IT czar and the highest ranking Indian-American in the White House, is stepping down after three years of groundbreaking work aimed at advancing the government's technology agenda, amid reports that he may enter politics.\"Aneesh found countless ways to engage the American people using technology, from electronic health records for veterans, to expanding access to broadband for rural communities, to modernising government records,\" Obama said in a statement.Chopra, 39, who played a key role in bringing governance closer to the people through the latest developments in information technology, said he is returning to his home State of Virginia.He would formally leave the White House on February 8. \"After an incredible three years as the nation's first Chief Technology Officer ( CTO), I am returning to my home state of Virginia to continue my work using innovative new technologies and platforms to improve healthcare, education and energy -- and to grow the jobs and industries of the future,\" Chopra told PTI.\"I want to thank the President for entrusting me with the task of fostering an innovation culture in government, and for his direction, engagement and leadership on applying technology for the betterment of all Americans,\" he said.Chopra's comments came as The Washington Post reported that he is widely expected to run for lieutenant governor in Virginia.Highly praising Chopra's work, Obama said his legacy of leadership and innovation will benefit Americans for years to come. \"I thank him for his outstanding service,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "11662109", "title": "Jorhat boy to run his way into Guiness book of records", "text": "JORHAT: Abhijit Baruah, a 22 year old boy from Jorhat, will run 190 km in 24 hours to get his name into the Guinness Book of World Records . The run, which will be the greatest distance run barefoot in 24 hours, will start at 2 pm on January 30. The event is being organized by the Jorhat Great Run Club.Addressing a press conference here, president of the club, Rana Goswami said, \"We are organizing the event on January 30 and 31. Abhijit Boruah, a good sportsman and former Limca Book of Records competitor, has decided to run in the event to get his name into the Guinness Book of World Records.\" He added, \"Abhijit will run 19 times from the North-west Jorhat sports association playground to Kenduguri bypass to cover 190 km in 24 hours.\"\"I'm quite confident that I will be able to cover the greatest distance run barefoot in 24 hours here. I cleared the Guinness book first audition in 2010 by running 103 km in 11 hours from Jorhat jail to Kaziranga and the second audition in 2011 by running 150 km in 17 hours from Jorhat JDSA field to Sivasagar and from Sivasagar to Dergaon. Now I don't think it will be hard to cover 190 km in 24 hours,\" Abhijit Boruah said.He added, \"It is my dream to see my name in the Guinness Book. I will make full use of the chance that I have got.\"Born in 1990 at Atila Gaon in the outskirts of Jorhat, Abhijit has brought home 13 gold, four silver and two bronze medals in various state and national competitions so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "kakdwip", "code": "11657225", "title": "Bangladeshi pirates kill 4 Indian fishermen, kidnap 12", "text": "KAKDWIP: Two groups of Bangladeshi pirates on Friday night killed four Indian fishermen, injured eight others and hijacked a trawler carrying twelve fishermen in the Bay of Bengal , police said.One group of pirates fired at the fishermen travelling in 'Maa Basanti' trawler at Kendua in the bay resulting in four of them being killed, Rahul Majumdar, SDO at Kakdwip, said, adding eight others were injured.In the meantime, another group of pirates hijacked 'Tara' trawler carrying twelve fishermen and sailed away to the Bangladeshi side, he said.As soon as another group of fishermen who were nearby heard about the firing incident, they confronted the pirates and managed to catch eight of them.The fishermen are now bringing the captured pirates and the injured men to Kakdwip, the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11658629", "title": "Put an end to right-answer syndrome in schools: expert", "text": "BANGALORE: Even as the IQ levels of recent generations have gone up compared to earlier times, creativity is on a decline. That's the disappointing news Howard Gardner , the educator known for his theory of multiple intelligences, gave to a rapt audience, mostly educators, at the Indian Institute of Management-Bangalore on Friday.\"There are various reasons for the decline. One is because all work is done in groups. Two, the solitude that creative people enjoyed to think is no more available to children now. People are connected 24/7 thanks to technology.\"Gardner pointed out that the problem with the Indian education system is the importance we give to correct answers. \"Avoid the right-answer syndrome, pause on irregularities and uncommon answers. Education should not be about finding the right answer. That's where the teachers are going wrong,\" he pointed out.\"The Indian education system should follow the system in Finland or Singapore , not that of the US or UK. In India, there is a huge disparity between those who can hire coaches and get into prestigious institutions here or abroad, and those who have meagre human capital,\" he pointed out.\"Schools should not be preparing people for professions. Instead, schools should prepare them to understand arts, science and other areas,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11657197", "title": "No sealing drive for banks", "text": "NOIDA: In a complete U-turn from its aggressive stance of sealing all premises carrying out unauthorized commercial activity in residential and non-conforming areas, the Noida Authority on Friday put a brake on its drive. The Authority, instead, has decided to continue serving notices to defaulters to stop all commercial activity with immediate effect, presently threatening only action. \"The Authority has decided to soften its stance following revised advice from our legal counsel,\" said Anil Raj Kumar , additional CEO, Noida.Amidst a lot of tension, several commercial establishments downed their shutters on Friday morning while Authority officials were closeted in a meeting till late afternoon. Later, a team of officials accompanied by cops started doing the rounds of Noida, handing out written notices. \"Today, the notices are only being served to banks,\" said an Authority official. The Authority's first stop was sector 19 as it has over 20 bank branches functioning illegally out of residential premises. \"We have served around 15 notices to the banks warning them to shut down activity and comply with the court order,\" the official said.The Authority officials have the entire proceedings of handing over notices videographed in view of the Supreme Court order dictating strict compliance. \"This is being done to compile evidence that we have complied with the SC order of asking these units to shut shop without delay,\" the ACEO said.The new stance of the Authority is that serving notices on the commercial establishments is sufficient compliance of the apex court order. Thereafter, it is the responsibility of each violator to abide by the court ruling and the Authority cannot be prosecuted for wrongdoings of individual lessees. \"We have issued a public notice informing about the SC order, and now responsibility will fall on the plot owner if unauthorized commercial activity continues to take place,\" Kumar said. \"Now, we will seal the premises and lease deed cancellation can follow,\" he added.However, the aggrieved lessees complain that initially the Authority encouraged them to function out of non-conforming areas. \"Due to its inaction the lessees and sub-lessees are facing problems. While common citizens suffer, government officials responsible for perpetuating such situations go scot free,\" said a customer visiting a bank in sector 19.The Authority on its part claims that by offering 74 plots in different sectors, where the banks can move to, they have done their duty. However, this is hardly sufficient because it does not cater to the nursing homes and other commercial units that are being displaced. Moreover, even the banks cannot be expected to complete the process of purchasing the plot, constructing and moving into these buildings within the six weeks given by the SC, the bankers allege.The Supreme Court had on December 5 ruled that all commercial establishments operating from residential premises must move out in two months. But on January 9, the court told the Authority to allot plots and ensure that all displaced banks are shifted to commercial areas in six weeks. The Authority on Wednesday had also announced a scheme for banks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11658063", "title": "Patkar rally for urban poor", "text": "PATNA: Social activist Medha Patkar has said the urban poor and homeless would be forced to launch a larger movement if the Bihar government does not pay heed to their pleas.Addressing a gathering of the city's urban poor and homeless people at Kargil Chowk on Friday, Patkar said these people came to cities after they faced problems in villages. \"But if they continue to face problems in the city, where will they go?\" she asked.The meeting was organized under the aegis of National Alliance for People's Movement. Patkar said she had sought a meeting with chief minister Nitish Kumar for five minutes but was denied appointment.She also talked about Forbesganj police firing issue. \"I want to ask why Kumar has not taken action against those responsible for the firing,\" she said.Patkar urged the urban poor and homeless people to continue their stir. They later took out a rally towards the CM house but were stopped near the Bailey Road railway crossing. A delegation met the secretary to CM and discussed the issues related to rehabilitation and livelihood of poor people in urban areas, said social activist Dorothy Fernandes.Patkar also addressed a seminar on 'Development, democracy and people's movement' at A N Sinha Institute of Social Studies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "11655326", "title": "Tigress hunting cattle, villagers in panic", "text": "YAVATMAL: The tigress that killed a farmer in village Mandvi last week has killed at least 12 domestic animals in the nearby villages since then. The villagers are leading sleepless nights due to the repeated attacks.The tigress has been killing a domestic animal every 1-2 days, say villagers, expressing concern over inaction of forest officials.\"We have seen the tigress and she continues to kill animals, yet forest officials cannot track it down,\" said a villager who lost a cow recently.Chief conservator of forest Devendra Kumar confirmed the reports on Friday and said the tigress is hunting animals to teach her cubs.\"The tiger hunts an animal and eats it for 3-4 days, and during that period it would not hunt another animal,\" Kumar said, adding that in the instant case, villagers disturb the beast and do not allow it to visit the kill later to eat it.The tigress is active in villages Warah Kawtha, Mandvi, Sunna, Kobai, Kodori and Dariyapur under the Patan Bori forest range of Pandharkawda division. Some farmers have sighted the tigress, villagers said.\"We are keeping a close watch on the movement of the beast and even put up traps at a number of places,\" Kumar said. He also said there have been efforts to create awareness among people through leaflets.\"We have submitted a detailed report about the line of action to be taken to the wildlife department and the government and sought guidelines,\" Kumar said, adding that Rs 4 lakh was sanctioned a couple of days ago to put camera traps in the affected areas.The main hurdle is that it is a breeding tigress and hence any attempt to tranquillize it would have adverse impact, Kumar said. He categorically denied the claim that it was a man eater and said the tigress attacks domestic animals merely to teach its cubs hunting techniques and to feed them.\"The only remedy is that villagers should not disturb the tigress and her cubs and allow them to feed on the kill. I am confident the tigress and her cubs would move out shortly to their natural habitat and villagers should facilitate their movements,\" he said.'The three accused who caused the death of a tiger with an iron mesh installed to trap wild pigs in November are now on bail and we are keeping a close watch on their activities,\" Kumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11658939", "title": "4 held for bid on hotelier\u2019s life", "text": "MUMBAI: A month-and-a-half after a bid on a hotelier's life at Dahisar East, the police has finally arrested the mastermind , Satish Shinde, in the case. Shinde alias Satya is believed to have links with the underworld. He was held along with an associate earlier this week. The police had already arrested two men in the case in December 2011.Rashmikant Vyas, the complainant, runs Punjabi Hub bar and restaurant off the Western Express Highway at Dahisar East. He was provided with police protection after he told the cops on December 15 that there was a threat to his life. A week later, on December 23, three men armed with a countrymade revolver attempted to fire on Vyas outside his bar, but failed. The policemen assigned for Vyas's protection , along with some patrolling cops, caught hold of two of the shooters while the third fled.The alleged motive behind the act was an old fight between Shinde and Vyas in 2011. Shinde had wanted to speak to one of the female singers at Vyas's restaurant, but the staff did not allow him to do so.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11660915", "title": "National Flag flies high on R-Day", "text": "VARANASI: The 63rd Republic Day was celebrated in the city with great zeal and enthusiasm on Thursday. A number of programmes were organised by different government and nongovernment organisations to mark the celebrations.Divisional commissioner AK Upadhyaya and district magistrate Ravindra hoisted the National Flag at their respective offices. A majestic parade followed by events like anti-ambush drill by Army officers, warfare and colourful cultural programmes by NCC cadets, including a dance drama on unity in diversity, were some of the spectacular events organised by NCC Group A, Banaras Hindu University (BHU).Colourful programmes was also organised in different government and private academic institutions. Folklores, patriotic songs and dances, including stage and streetplays were presented at most of the institutions followed by distribution of sweets among students.R-Day celebrations were also visible in all the industrial and social institutions. Diesel Locomotive Works (DLW) also organised a colourful and patriotic events after flag hoisting and parade. The Vishal Bharat Sansthan celebrated the occasion with ragpickers and children of weavers in Lallapura and informed them about the importance of the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11661567", "title": "Cong vision document promises overall development of UP", "text": "KANPUR: Union coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal and Prime Minister's adviser Sam Pitroda released Congress party's vision document 'Nav Uttar Pradesh, Nav Vikas' (New Uttar Pradesh, new development) on Friday.Pitroda highlighted the points of the vision document and said Congress aimed at bringing UP's glory back to its rightful place in the country. The document has nine main points categorized as 'Nav Uttar Pradesh Ke Nav Aadhar'. These points cover almost all aspects, including employment and entrepreneurship, secure livelihood for farmers, a dairy revolution for UP, empowering women, minorities, SC, ST and OBCs, fair and just land acquisition laws, balanced regional development, security, transparent and responsible governance, power, water, road and transport, high quality affordable education, technology for common man, health facilities, nutrition and developed villages.The Congress showed its commitment for 20 lakh new jobs in the state and modern job-oriented skill training for all youth. \"We will create 20 lakh new jobs in five years to tackle the issue of distress and migration. Besides, we will set up 1,000 skill development centres that will train 20 lakh youth per year for jobs,\" Pitroda said. A UP skills and employment mission would be set up for this purpose. He said the Congress wanted to ensure 9-10% growth of UP for the next 10 years. The industrial revival of UP would be ensured through promoting traditional clusters and creating new ones. More than 40 clusters across UP would be created or modernized through infusion of new technology.These clusters would cover sectors of handloom weaving of Varanasi, Mau, Ghazipur, Sant Ravidas Nagar, carpet belt of Mirzapur, Bhadohi and Sonbhadra, potato processing of Farrukhabad, Etah and Agra, Buddhist tourism of Kushi Nagar, Varanasi, Gorakhpur and Sravasti, integrated tourism and weaving of Varanasi, leather and shoes of Unnao, Kanpur, Agra and Hamirpur, glassware of Firozabad and Chitrakoot, pottery of Bulandshahr, Azamgarh and Gorakhpur, mint of Barabanki, printing and perfumes of Farrukhabad and Kannauj, wood carving of Saharanpur, brass and locks of Moradabad and Aligarh, sugar industry of Kheri, Balrampur and Shahjahanpur, integrated tourism and stone industry of Agra, horticulture (mango processing) of Malihabad, betel leaf, medicinal herbs of Mahoba and Lalitpur, agro-processing of Aonla of Pratapgarh, aviation of Amethi and Rae Bareilly. Besides, new hubs would be developed at Noida, Ghaziabad, Kanpur, Gorakhpur, Jhansi, Meerut, Allahabad and Bareilly.The vision document has also laid emphasis on empowering minorities with a commitment to ensure their full economic and social empowerment. It stated that the Congress-led UPA government had already approved 4.5% reservation for socially and economically backward Muslims under OBC category across the country in the Central government jobs, PSUs and educational institutions. \"We will aim towards a sub-quota/reservation for socially and economically backward minorities in UP as part of the OBC quota in state government employment and educational institutions, commensurate with their population,\" Jaiswal said.For land acquisition, the document advocated for immediate steps to implement new law on land acquisition introduced by the Congress-led Central government in the Parliament. For the balanced regional document, the Congress promised that the party would ensure that every region, including Poorvanchal, Bundelkhand, and the Tarai, get rightful attention. \"We will rapidly and effectively implement the UPA government's flagship scheme on integrated development of backward districts through Backward Regions Grant Fund in 32 districts of UP,\" said the document.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11658761", "title": "Chhetri statement vital, say cops", "text": "KOLKATA: Police decided to arrest renowned doctors Mani Chetri and Pronab Dasgupta only after ascertaining their roles in the day-to-day running of AMTI Dhakruria, where a fire killed 91 people last December, a police officer said on Friday.Investigators hinted that they have statement of Chetri, recorded under Section 161 CrPC, which is crucial to the investigation. Both the doctors, who are on the AMRI board of directors, have admitted to their role in the hospital's daily operation, said an officer.It was only after ascertaining the role of Chetri and Dasgupta by piecing together their recorded statements and the seized documents that police believed they had enough to move against them, said sources.The duo had attended every managing committee meeting, and even had a role in two serious lapses - altering a basement car park to an office-cum-warehouse and inability to meet the fire safety regulation stipulations, say police.In the court on Friday, police produced a statement by Chetri, which reportedly indicated that he was in the know of a few crucial documents that could help unravel the case.The 93-year-old Chetri was picked up on Friday morning from his Bally High apartment in Ballygunje. Dasgupta was arrested from his Ballygunje Circular Road home a little later. They were first taken to Lalbazar, sent for medical check-up and then produced at the Alipore court police lock-up. The senior doctors will have to stay in Lalbazar central lock-up till February 2, before they're produced in court again.\"The senior doctors were part of the hospital managing committee which had taken key decisions. They were also aware of all aspects of the day-to-day running of the hospital,\" said Damayanti Sen, joint commissioner of police, crime. The six-week delay in arresting them was primarily because police were collating evidence that would prove their involvement in the day-to-day operations, she said.Sen denied that police were going slow on the government nominees on the AMRI board. \"This is still under investigation. We've sought to understand from the health department the role of its nominee-director (Ashim Kumar Das),\" she said.Police had spoken to both Chetri and Dasgupta on a couple of occasions at Lalbazar and their homes. \"These doctors had attended every managing committee meeting as recorded in the minutes. The license of AMRI hospital was issued in the name of Chetri, as the managing director. The hospital pharmacy was also in his name. They were not only paid a monthly salary, but also received commissions and had a stake in the hospital's profits. Their involvement with the hospital affairs is irrefutable. And in their statements (made to police under 161 CrPC), they've also admitted their role,\" an investigating officer said.Another officer said they are treading extra cautiously because the police investigation will be scrutinised in Calcutta high court (RS Agarwal and RSGoenka, co-founders of the Rs 3000-crore Emami group, have already moved high court for bail) and maybe even the Supreme Court. \"We cannot take any step that won't stand up to judicial scrutiny. Therefore every arrest is backed with documentary evidence on the individual roles - and lapses - of all 13 persons arrested,\" the officer added.Police also sought legal opinion on the matter and they were advised that to indict a few directors and leave out others would be a \"legal void\" if they wanted to charge the board members for collective responsibility in addition to their individual roles. Which is why all the arrested directors have been booked for the same offences, including culpable homicide not amounting to murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11661396", "title": "Jeetendra, Hema in K K Yadav's next film", "text": "Pankaj -Shabana and Jeetendra-Hema will share screen-space again after two decadesIt has been a long time coming. But finally, Bollywood will see the reunion of two on-screen jodis that featured 20 years ago. Mumbai Mirror has learnt that Vishal Bhardwaj's Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola will see Pankaj Kapur and Shabana Azmi share screen space again after 20 years, since their pairing in the 1992 film Ek Doctor Ki Maut. According to a source close to the developments, when Bhardwaj approached Shabana to come on-board, she initially expressed her skepticism about the role she would play in the film.When contacted, Shabana confirmed, \"I am a huge fan of Vishal's work as a music composer and filmmaker. Yes, I am cast opposite Pankaj Kapoor. Technically, we've done two films together in the past. But I didn't have any scenes with Pankaj in Mandi, like in Ek Doctor Ka Maut. Pankaj was absolutely brilliant in that. It's always a pleasure to work with a challenging actor.\"According to the source, Shabana is currently going through a looks-test for her role in the film. \"She will sport a very unusual look in this comedy where nothing is as it seems,\" added the source.And coincidently, the Dil Aashna Hai co-stars, Jeetendra and Hema Malini , are also gearing up to work together in the K K Yadav production Barbareek. In the film, which will feature all the Mahabharat TV show actors, Jeetendra will reportedly play a devotee and Hema will essay the wife of Bheem, Hidamba.When contacted, Yadav said, \"I always wanted to work with these legendary actors and I am extremely delighted that both of them agreed to do my film.Speaking about coming on-board, Jeetendra told us, \"I normally do not go to studios and do films. But when Yadav approached me, I readily agreed. It has been a long time since Hema and I have done a film together and its always good working with old friends. But, the main reason I wanted to do the film was because I have a song, which is similar to the number Tune Mujhe Bulaya Sherawaliya from Asha.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11661285", "title": "Beating Retreat cancelled to mourn Farook's demise", "text": "RANCHI: Beating the Retreat slated to be held at Raj Bhavan on Friday evening was cancelled after news of Kerala governor and former governor of Jharkhand MOH Farook reached here.Farook breathed his last at a private hospital in Chennai around 9 pm on Thursday. He was suffering from kidney ailment.A condolence meeting was organized at the Darbar Hall of Raj Bhavan when Governor Syed Ahmed and his principal secretary paid floral tributes to the former governor. Observing silence for two minutes, Ahmed said that the country has lost an honest and dedicated administrator. \"As governor of Jharkhand, he did commendable job for development of the state. Hailing from Puducherry, he worked for uplift of people there and executed his duties in various public offices with impunity,\" Ahmed said, describing him as a simple and man of integrity.Soon after the condolence meeting, offices of Raj Bhavan were closed for the day and official mourning was announced. Ranchi University announced closing its office along with all colleges coming under its jurisdiction to mourn the death. Acting vice-chancellor V P Sharan said that there was no change in the examination schedule, wherever they were being conducted.Ahmed and CM Arjun Munda cancelled their programmes and boarded a chartered flight to Puducherry to attend Farook's last rites. Born on September 6, 1937, Farook was three times the chief minister of Union Territory of Pondichery. Farook was appointed governor of Jharkhand on February 22, 2010, and served here till September 3, 2011 before being appointed governor of Kerala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11658984", "title": "Citizens\u2019 candidates given runaround", "text": "MUMBAI: Some Independent candidates who are running as citizens' candidates have said they faced difficulty when trying to collect forms from election staffers. Two such candidates are Varshaa Jain (Ward 150 in Kurla) and Gita Bhatia (Ward 214 in Malabar Hill).Jain visited the election office in Ward 150 on January 22 and said she received positive feedback from officials. However, on January 23, when the forms were released, Jain said the election officer's assistant refused to give her the application and nomination forms. \"I was told that the ward number on my voter-ID was different from the ward I was planning to contest from. I can blame the system for that, because , despite repeated forms being filled and submitted to the election office over 15 years, my name continues to exist under the old address .Other voters in my society face the same issue,\" Jain said. \"But, thanks to the training I received from Mumbai 227, and my research on the net, I knew enough to tell the assistant that a candidate can contest from any ward as long as he or she is on the voters' list.\"Jain said she was still harassed for being a citizens' candidate and was told that she should get proof from the ward where her name was listed.\"Despite the BMC having an informative website, I had to approach the assistant returning officer to intervene. After a harrowing four hours at the election registration office in Kurla, the reluctant officer gave me the application form, but refused the nomination form as he wanted some numbers on the poll list. Due to internet server issues, I couldn't get the details verified,\" she said.The next day when Jain went to the election office with the details, the officer refused to give her the nomination form again as he had been instructed to collect the voter's eligibility certificate duly stamped and signed by the officer in the other ward from any candidate whose ward for contesting was different from the ward shown as residence. \"Running from pillar to post to get that certification was unnecessary when all the information is available on the BMC election website. I wasted two days just to get my nomination form,\" said Jain.Bhatia, also from Mumbai 227, said she was given the wrong papers when she asked for her nomination form and was misguided repeatedly about procedures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11657403", "title": "Rs 50L jewels stolen from Khar shop", "text": "MUMBAI: A bag containing gold ornaments worth Rs 50 lakh was stolen from a jewellery shop in Khar (E) on Thursday morning. The police have registered a case of theft.The victim, Tejraj Jain, said around 10am on Thursday, he opened the shop and kept the bag on the counter. He then began to clean the store and later he discovered that the bag was missing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11655367", "title": "6 hurt in riot after 'treasure hunt' fails", "text": "NAGPUR: An attack on a group and a counter assault by them for revenge left six people injured from two different localities on Thursday. The entire incident was triggered by a failed hunt for hidden treasure and magical herbs.Two persons from Wardha, identified as Nehru and Manoj, had taken Patansawangi-based Prakash and his friend to a forest adjoining Mouda, Nagpur, on Sunday, January 24. They had promised to help find some hidden treasure and magical herbs.There was a brawl in forest after treasure and herbs could not be found, said police. The people assembled in the forest snatched away Nehru and Manoj's bike and mobile phone after thrashing them. Manoj managed to sneak away from forest and reached Nagpur, where he sought help from Gosavi family based at Gayatri Nagar slums near Jagnade chowk.The Gosavis helped to mediate with the people who had taken away Nehru and Manoj's bike and mobile. The parties met in the presence of Gosavi brothers at Manewada chowk, where the bike was returned the following day but the mobile phone was not returned.Later, someone called up Manoj and the Gosavis and asked them to pick up the mobile phone from Siraspeth. The moment the Gosavis reached in front of builder Nagesh Sahare's office at Siraspeth, they were brutally attacked by a group of unidentified persons.While Sunil Gosavi was stabbed on his buttocks, other family members Devdutta and Shreenath too received serious injuries. The Gosavis relayed the information about the attack to their locality at Gayatri Nagar. Soon, a huge mob armed with sticks, batons, swords and knives reached Siraspeth, where a religious function was underway.The armed mob swept down the lanes of Siraspeth, attacking anyone who came in their way. An 18-year-old, Bhusan Butle, was flying kites when the mob dragged him out and thrashed him mercilessly. Suraj Pantawane too was thrashed without any reason. An onlooker Vijay Khirsagar, who was waiting at a pan kiosk, was attacked.Imambada police have registered offences against both parties. Police have registered a case of dacoity against rioters who attacked Gosavis and robbed them of valuables worth more than Rs 2 lakh. A case of rioting has also been registered against unidentified persons for attacking Siraspeth residents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11659110", "title": "'Bar on Rushdie barbaric, free the written word'", "text": "KOLKATA: From one literature meet in solidarity with another, it was a suitable response.Vikram Seth , author of 'A Suitable Boy', marked the inaugural session of the Kolkata Literary Meet on Republic Day with a stinging critique of the politics that shut fellow novelist Salman Rushdie out of the Jaipur Literature Festival a week ago. As a packed auditorium nodded and clapped in approval, a manifestation of a collective resentment against what an angry Seth described as a \"grotesque and barbaric act\" and \"a denial of liberty of thought, expression and belief\", the newborn lit meet gave the booklovers' city a long-deserved gift - a stage for the meeting of minds.\"Sixty-three years ago,when the country's Constitution was adopted, it was decided that India would be a republic where freedom of speech and expression would be upheld. But just two days before another momentous Republic Day, a celebrated writer was not only denied permission to be physically present at a literary meet but wasn't even allowed to address the audience via long-distance conference,\" was how Seth began his critique at the lit meet, which is being held at the Kolkata Book Fair.He questioned whether India was ruled by the Constitution or by a dictator. \"We will not let our republic be hijacked by fear. This happened once during the Emergency.We should not let this happen again. Let the writers of the country unite and free the written word,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11655922", "title": "BJP-Sena-RPI (A) declare mega alliance", "text": "NAGPUR: Amid differences on seat sharing, Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), Shiv Sena and RPI (A) have declared a mega alliance for NMC polls. The differences led BJP to hold back their first list of 35 candidates for a day.South-West Nagpur MLA and general secretary of state BJP Devendra Fadnavis said at a joint press conference of all three parties on Friday that they have agreed to a pre-poll alliance for NMC polls. \"BJP will contest 122 seats of total 145, Shiv Sena will have 18 seats while RPI (A) will have 5. Our alliance with slogan 'Shiv Shakti-Bhim Shakti' will increase its tally in NMC. There are no differences within parties like in Congress-NCP alliance,\" he said.However, at same meet, general secretary of RPI (A) Bhupesh Thulkar said they were following the directives of party president Ramdas Athawale to enter pre-poll alliance. \"But we differ on seat sharing, and are requesting 7 seats as against 5 seats. Talks are on and decision on the remaining seats will be taken without affecting the alliance,\" he said.Asked about the few seats with them, district chief of Shiv Sena Shekhar Sawarbandhe said the state party leadership, guided by supremo Balasaheb Thackeray, have accepted 18 seats. \"Our activists are upset with less seats but the party's decision is final. We will fight with the alliance and come to power again,\" he said.Reacting to these comments, Fadnavis said it is impossible to satisfy everyone in an alliance, but there are no major differences. \"Issues will be sorted out. This time there will be no friendly fights like in 2007 election. BJP has increased Sena seats from 12 to 18. It's only in Nagpur that Sena seats have increased, among the eight corporations going to polls,\" he said.Denying a tug of war within BJP between sitting corporators and office bearers, Fadnavis said, \"First list of candidates is ready and will be declared either on Friday or Saturday.\" He said, they will not declare mayoral candidate immediately.Fadnavis, BJP city chief Anil Sole, Sawarbandhe, Thulkar, mayor Archana Dehankar along with MLAs Sudhakar Deshmukh, Vikas Kumbhare and Krishna Khopde formed a chain and waved to announce the alliance at BJP Vidarbha unit's office in Dhantoli. Leader of ruling party Praveen Datke, chairman of standing committee Sandip Joshi, senior corporator and NIT trustee Sudhakar Kolhe and others were present.Meanwhile, the BJP has reportedly finalized one seat each in 35 wards on Friday. The list was taken for the approval of BJP national president Nitin Gadkari late in the evening. The list included wards where there is no controversy. However, the list was not released at the end of the day due to differences within the Shiv Sena on their 18 seats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11663491", "title": "Seal: Heidi &amp; I are 'not getting divorced'", "text": "Seal says he and Heidi Klum are \"not getting divorced\".The singer and the supermodel announced they had separated last weekend but Seal is refusing to accept their seven-year marriage is completely over yet just because they have \"grown apart\" at the moment.During an appearance on 'Access Hollywood Live', host Billy Bush asked \"is a reconciliation possible at all?\"Seal - who has continued to wear his wedding ring despite the break-up - replied: \"There is nothing to reconcile. We haven't fallen out. We're not getting divorced. We're not even legally separated. We are separated. The reality of the situation is we have grown apart. And so ... is there a chance of us getting back together? Honestly, Billy, I don't know. I don't know the answer to that.\"Since they announced their split, Heidi has been living at a Beverly Hills hotel without her four children - Leni, seven, Henry, six, Johan, five, and two-year-old Lou .The 38-year-old German beauty has needed some time to herself, while Seal has been staying at the family's Los Angeles home with the kids.An X17 Online photographer said: \"Heidi has been by herself the past few days. Sometimes her assistant is around briefly, but it seems she really wanted some time to herself.A statement released by the couple said: \"While we have enjoyed seven very loving, loyal and happy years of marriage, after much soul-searching we have decided to separate.\"We have had the deepest respect for one another throughout our relationship and continue to love each other very much, but we have grown apart.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11658955", "title": "B2 bypass to open today for heavy vehicles", "text": "JAIPUR: Following the Rajasthan High Court order to open the B2 bypass for heavy vehicles from January 28, the state government is all set to comply with it.\"The bypass will be open for heavy vehicles from 12 noon. From now on passage of heavy vehicles between Gopalpura and Sanganer will be closed,\" DCP (traffic) Rohit Mahajan said.\"The work which is incomplete will be through within two to three days. Also, team of JDA and JMC will be working all night making it appropriate for heavy vehicles,\" he said.Though the state government will be allowing heavy vehicles on the B2 bypass, the departments concerned are still ill-prepared as the road near the Dwarkadas Park and in many areas are not wide enough, and could be inviting accidents. The Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC) has removed the park boundary but trees are still there and footpath in the stretch is not removed. Moreover, 10 diversions along this stretch have been sealed and vehicles and nearby residents have to take a long detour to reach their destinations. JMC chief executive officer Lok Nath Soni, said, \"The complete work will take time. We have finished all the necessary work which will allow smooth flow of heavy traffic. As the corporation is having shortage of funds, we have asked the state government to sanction approximately Rs 8.5 crore to widen the road and construct the slip lanes.\"The residents claimed that the departments concerned will be opening the bypass to heavy vehicles without any preparation, thereby, putting the lives of nearby residents at risk. \"There are around 3,200 houses along the highway and the departments have provided entry and exit points in two areas for the residents.This is likely to increase the chances of accidents,\" a resident complained. After the high court decision to open the bypass to heavy traffic on January 28, the residents approached moved the Supreme Court to challenge the order. The apex court extended the date for hearing of the case till January 30. On the basis of a survey report, the high court recently decided to allow heavy traffic on the B2 bypass.The court had asked the traffic control board to carry out a survey of the traffic, population of the surrounding area and width of the road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11658689", "title": "Off day for polls", "text": "UT administration has decided to grant special leave for January 30 to all those employees of union territory who are registered voters in any of the constituency of Punjab to enable them to exercise their franchise in ensuring Punjab Vidhan Sabha Election which is scheduled to be held on January 30. Punjab and Haryana high court has also declared a holiday on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11660985", "title": "DJs Hussain and Vishal get the crowd grooving", "text": "It was time to shake a leg with DJs Hussain and Vishal getting the crowd into the groove by spinning some mindblowing house and Bolly numbers recently at Tantra, The Park.We spotted groups of friends having fun at the party. However, our attention was fixed on a lady in blue who unleashed some killer moves on the dance floor. Rahul, a young party goer who also turned up at the do, surprised us by wearing a green Superman tee! BFFs Riya and Lopa were inseparable as they matched their moves on the dance floor. As the night wore on, the DJs sent revellers into a tizzy with their tunes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "11659052", "title": "Seven more babies die in Malda hospital", "text": "MALDA: The visit of the director of health service Biswaranjan Satpathy and minister Sabitri Mitra has failed to put a brake on unabated child deaths at Malda Medical College and Hospital. Seven more babies lost their lives since Thursday morning, taking the toll to 105 this month.Pachu Saha, a resident of English Bazaar, lost his three-month son on Thursday. So did Harishchandrapur's Asgari Biwi and Bamangola's Sohagi Tudu, who lost their seven-hour-old daughter and six-day old son, respectively. Others who lost their children since Thursday were Sampa Mahara, Chameli Biwi, Mala Pal and Kashmira Biwi. Kashmira, who lost her daughter on Friday morning, alleged, \"Doctors in the hospital do not care for the babies. They never speak to the guardians properly. I've lost my baby, but something should be done to check these rampant cases of baby deaths.\"Stricken by a sense of horror, the guardians of the babies are now leaving the hospital and admitting their children at private nursing homes. Many are selling their properties to fund the medical expenses. \"My 10-month-old son was suffering from stomach ache and was vomiting. But the doctors released him. They suggested me to take the baby to a nursing home. I can't afford to do this; have to sell some of my properties. But I have to save the baby,\" said Bhodol Choudhury, a resident of Kaliachak.The situation was all the same for one Tulo Mandal, who had admitted his child at the Malda hospital. \"I'm here at the hospital with my baby for the last few days. But with so many babies dying around, I am now thinking of shifting my child to somewhere else. I sold off two cows to take my baby to a nursing home.\"According to M A Rashid, vice-principal of Malda Medical College, a fear psychosis was playing in patients' mind. \"I did not get the complaints of patients being referred to nursing homes. Regarding the ill treatment of the doctors, I've asked them to be more sympathetic to the patients,\" he said.Rashid claimed 999 patients were admitted to the hospital between January 1 and 25. Out of them, 248 mothers had given birth to their children, out of 87 died. Among those dead, 54 were underweight and malnourished. Meanwhile, DYFI on Friday staged a rally in the hospital against the crib deaths.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "bangalore/hubli", "code": "11658677", "title": "RSS will ask Yeddyurappa to lay off", "text": "BANGALORE/HUBLI: While Hindu Shakti Sangama-2012, a three-day RSS event in Hubli, will chant the mantra of unity, national Sangh Parivar leaders are expected to play trouble-shooters. Their intervention is necessitated by the rumblings in the BJP due to B S Yeddyurappa's demand that he be reinstated as chief minister. RSS general secretary Suresh Joshi will participate in the event and along with state leaders.The Sangh Parivar is expected to send a strong message to Yeddyurappa that the organization is more important than an individual. RSS intervention at this juncture is crucial as the Yeddyurappa camp plans to hold a parallel session on January 30 demanding that a meeting of the BJP's legislature wing be convened.However, the participation of chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda in 'ganvesh' - the RSS uniform of khaki shorts, white shirt and leather belt - is a message that the entire RSS is behind him. Yeddyurappa, H N Ananth Kumar and K S Eshwarappa are scheduled to attend the event from Saturday.Observers feel that behind-the-scenes efforts would be made to convince Yeddyurappa that his attempt to regain the CM's gaddi would be futile.Suresh Joshi, for public consumption, said the Sangama is a reminder of the potential of Hindu society. \"This camp is aimed at boosting the confidence of the common man and strengthening the RSS, and spreading its activities to every nook and corner of the country to build a strong Hindu nation. We have no intention of targeting other religions.... We want to make our Hindu culture and tradition strong in the whole universe , and we want to be in the forefront,\" he said.Rajayogeendra Swami of Moorusavira mutt, Hubli, RSS joint general secretary Dattatreya Hosabale and retired judge Parvat Rai are among the around 25,000 swayamsevaks from 15 districts of north Karnataka attending the convention.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11658311", "title": "Congress, NCP lists likely to be announced today", "text": "NASHIK: The Congress and the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) are likely to release the list of candidates for the municipal elections due on February 16 on Saturday. Leaders of both the parties said they would decided the wards they would contest and also declare the candidates for those wards.\"The seats will be decided in a meeting of the state parliamentary board on Saturday. Senior leaders, regional chiefs, guardian minister Chhagan Bhujbal, members of parliament, MLAs, chiefs of women's wing, youth wing and chiefs of backward class cells will decide which seat would be contested by which party,\" NCP city chief Gajanan Shelar said.He said that by Saturday evening the picture of seat-sharing would be clear.The Congress leaders on the other hand said that the candidates for their party and the nature of seat-sharing between Congress and NCP would be decided late in the evening on Friday and would be declared on Saturday.Earlier, both the Congress and the NCP decided that they will contest 64 and 58 seats, respectively, but had not decided who will contest from which ward.\"The kind of seat-sharing, which ward would be contested by whom, will be decided at the higher level that would include the chief minister and deputy chief minister among other big leaders. We will be in a position to declare the details on Saturday,\" Akash Chhajed, the city chief of the Congress, said.The last date for submitting the nomination forms is January 31 for the municipal election and most of the political parties have not declared the list of candidates.A political leader from the Congress on conditions of anonymity revealed that most parties are using this gimmick to prevent their party workers and candidates from switching loyalties.A senior Congress leader had said that in wards where the party is stronger, both the seats in the prabhag (multiple-member ward) would be contested by the party and same formula would be applicable for the NCP.Incidentally, five years ago, the Congress and the NCP had contested the NMC polls separately. The Congress had contested 100 of the 108 seats, and won 21, while the NCP had contested 104 and won 17. The strength of the House has since been revised from 108 in 2007 to 122 for the ensuing polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11658844", "title": "Behl, former mayors figure in NCP's first PCMC list", "text": "PUNE: The first list of NCP candidates for the municipal elections in Pimpri-Chinchwad features the names of the present mayor, a few former mayors and close relatives of MLAs and few corporators. As many as 15 corporators have been renominated for the elections.Besides mayor Yogesh Behl, the other names include former mayors Mangala Kadam, R S Kumar, Aparna Doke, standing committee chairperson Suman Pawale, Laxman Bhosale, brother of former mayor Hanumant Bhosale, and Mohin Lande, present corporator and wife of MLA Vilas Lande.Others in the list include, Javed Shaikh, Ajit Gavhane, Mahesh Landge, Jitendra Nanaware, Santosh Kokane, Kailas Thopate, Shobha Adiyal, and Shakuntala Dharade. Former Congress corporator Narayan Bahirwade, who recently joined NCP, has been given candidature.Independent corporator Vasant Londhe, former corporators Vilas Nandgude, Zhamabai Barne, former standing committee chairpersons Shamim Pathan, former corporator, Sukhdevi Natekar, Chhaya Sable, wife of corporator Jagannath Sable, and Vijay Sutar, husband of corporator Vijaya Sutar have been included.Vimal Datir, Shubhangi Borade, Balasaheb Londhe, Rajendra Gawde, Pankaj Thorat, Anjali Gawde, Seema Phuge, Nitin Landge, Chitrakala Shinde, Sujata Palande, Usha Kale, Shekhar Ovhal, Malati Bhujbal, Seema Sathe, Rajendra Jagtap, Shailaja Shitole, and Rohit Kate are also part of the list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11661128", "title": "Rajinikanth bats for A R Rahman", "text": "The Superstar caught up with his friend, the Oscarwinning composer after a long time...The two stars are great friends but they have got little opportunity to catch up with each other in recent months. The Superstar has spent the last few months recuperating, while the Mozart of Madras has been busy with his international musical commitments.But on Thursday evening, the Superstar made it a point to attend the German Film Orchestra Babelsberg's Classic Incantations, a performance of songs tuned by A R Rahman . He also got time to bond with the music maestro. Soundarya Rajinikanth , who accompanied her dad, said that the Superstar was thrilled to hear about the event. Talking to CT, she said, \"I'd told him casually that I was planning to go to attend the event and he immediately said, 'I'm also coming.' Appa is a fan of Rahman's music and is his well-wisher as well. In fact, it has been quite some time since they met and this was a good opportunity.\" Ace lyricist Vairamuthu, who has worked closely with the two, was also present on the occasion and interacted with the Superstar and the music composer.Rahman has worked in several of Rajinikanth's films, the last being Endhiran. While he has finished all the tunes for Sultan and a couple of songs for the film-on-hold, Rana, he has now reportedly started working for Kochadaiyaan which will kickstart soon. When CT recently asked the composer if he'd be using any of the tunes that he's already composed, he said, \"I'm not sure of that at this stage.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11658043", "title": "BoI organizes loan camp", "text": "PATNA: Bank of India, Patna zone, on Friday organized a credit disbursement camp at the Bihar Cooperative Federation ground here. Transport minister Brishen Patel was the chief guest on this occasion.Auto- rickshaw loan aggregating Rs 1.50 crore was disbursed to 101 youths and auto-rickshaws were delivered to them. KB Jain, zonal manager, BoI, said, \"The purpose of organizing such camp was to reflect transparency in our system and showing our commitment to the people of Bihar.\" We are deeply committed to the welfare and progress of the state, he added. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11658032", "title": "Woman-sons gang busted", "text": "MUMBAI: The Vikhroli police recently arrested five members of an interstate gang of dacoits, including an elderly woman, for looting Mangaldeep Jewellers in Vikhroli (east) on May 12, 2011. The dacoits are wanted in more than 13 cases in Mumbai and Thane district as well as cases in Madhya Pradesh and Karnataka.Police said the woman, Suraj Kaur (60) and her five sons stole valuables worth Rs 71 lakh from the shop. Closed circuit television camera (CCTV) footage at the shop helped cops crack the case. \"Kaur disguised herself and kept the police away for almost seven months by making her son Gujaratsingh Kalani (35) act mentally challenged and also got him admitted at Thane mental hospital,\" DCP (Zone VII) Sanjay Shintre said.Police arrested Kaur and her two sons - Akshaykumar Kalani alias Gujarat Singh (35) and Himmat Singh (30) - their friend Sudhir Gaikwad (26) and the jeweller Sandeep Sahane (50) and recovered valuables worth Rs18 lakh.The police are searching for Kaur's three other sons and another accomplice.\"The armed dacoits entered the jewellery shop around 4am on May 12, 2011 after breaking the doors. They tied two employees and fled with 30 kg silver and 3 kg gold valuables,\" said Shintre.\" Kaurand her sons stay at Vartak Nagar in Thane. Initially she managed to pass off her son as a mental patient. Later we got suspicious and informed a committee of doctors.When her son underwent a test, their lie was exposed,\" said senior PI Javkar.\"They had used masks and handgloves to avoid fingerprints. The gang members are notorious, but their intention is not to attack or kill their victims. They carry weapons to threaten victims,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11663456", "title": "'Non film albums are coming back in a big way'", "text": "They are known as the young faces of the Indian classical music and have made their own name in spite being sons to the legendary Sarod player Ustad Amjad Ali Khan .Music has flown in their blood and they say they have always had certain privileges as a student which no other had as their father was their guru. And that their training started the moment they were born. But there is much more to them than just classical music.They have collaborated with international stars and have done a lot of fusion music. But talking about the current trend in the music industry, Ayaan says, \"Although, Bollywood still is the massive force, but albums are coming back in a big way. But what I am bothered about is that they will get typecast just like they way they did in the 90's. Every pop musician did Punjabi and this is what might be happening now. Terms like sufi and fusion are being used so loosely that they are loosing its meaning.\" He adds about his that its only popularity that people are looking for rather than longevity. Amaan says, \"In Bollywood everyone is looking for a hit rather than trying to crave for longevity. Now people only look for what works. Nothing else matters.\" Well, the world of music is going through a huge transformation and its only time that will tell what happens next.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11657228", "title": "Association estimates casino business down by 70%", "text": "PANAJI: Claiming that the ban on the sale of liquor after 11pm was affecting their business, the Casino Association of Goa has submitted a memorandum to the state chief secretary seeking a lifting of the ban.Shrivinas Nayak of the Casino Pride Group said, \"Our business is entirely tourism related. The ban is seriously affecting our business already.\"John Snowball of Casino Crown agreed, saying it was difficult to quantify the loss.Nayak, on the other hand, estimated that business had gone down by 70% in the past two days since the ban took effect.He said the situation would get worse when the ban on sale of liquor after 10pm comes into effect from February 6.The association claims the logic of banning the sale of liquor after 11pm does not apply to casinos as 95% of the people visiting casinos have nothing to do with the ongoing election process.The rates of liquor are comparatively higher in casinos and unaffordable for large-scale distribution, feels Anil Malvani of Casino Royale.Snowball acknowledged that a majority of casino visitors consumed liquor, terming it a part of the casino experience sought especially by tourists.Clarifying recent reports that casinos were being used for money laundering or terrorism-financing, Nayak said suspicious transactions cannot be categorized as such.\"Casinos would be the last place for such tricks as everything in casinos is recorded. Every single transaction is under CCTV surveillance,\" said Nayak.He added that last year, 50 dubious transactions in the state were reported by the casinos to the central agency Financial Intelligence Unit (FIU).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11658963", "title": "January 26 release grosses Rs 23cr on its opening day", "text": "MUMBAI: The first big Bollywood release of the year, Agneepath , grossed Rs 23 crore on its opening day of January 26. It has thus beaten Bodyguard , which had the biggest opening last year at Rs 21 crore.The success of masala films such as Bodyguard, Singham and Ready over the past year shows the return of the audience to cinema halls. Trade analyst Amod Mehra gives credit for the trend to single-screen theatres.\"Producers have realized that to rake in maximum business, it is important to keep single-screen audience in mind. Agneepath is a very mass-oriented film; another reason for its bumper opening was January 26, a national holiday. The film's tilt is more towards single screens which, I feel, will continue to remain strong. But there could be a drop in multiplexes from next week.\"Agneepath's business, though, dropped on the second day as Friday happened to be a working day; trade experts estimated the collections at Rs 16 crore. Bodyguard, on the other hand, had grossed Rs 19 crore on the second day.The first three weeks of January has been disappointing for the exhibition sector with almost all releases bombing at the box office. Vishal Anand, operations head of Fun Cinema, said, \"Well , that is something to cheer for in an otherwise slow January.\"Trade analyst Taran Adarsh said, \"The original (of Agneepath ) may not have done well but curiosity to watch the remake of an Amitabh Bachchan film worked well.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "kapurthala", "code": "11658758", "title": "Congress councillor, 17 others held for vandalism", "text": "KAPURTHALA: A Congress councillor was on Friday arrested and 17 others booked for allegedly damaging several vehicles owned by a Shiromani Akali Dal candidate for the upcoming Punjab poll following a clash here, police said.The incident took place on Thursday night at Santpura locality when a verbal duel broke out between the members of both the parties after which Congress workers, led by councillor Surinder Singh Khalsa, damaged four cars of SAD candidate from Kapurthala, Sarabjit Singh Makkar, they said. Khalsa and 16 others were arrested for vandalism, police said.Meanwhile, scores of Congress workers, led by party candidate for Kapurthala constituency Rana Gurjit Singh staged a dharna here in protest against the registration of the case against its party leaders.However, the dharna was lifted following assurance given by the police authorities to launch a probe into the case.Assembly elections 2012Punjab assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11663510", "title": "David Arquette to work with Courteney Cox", "text": "David Arquette is to guest star in 'Cougar Town' with his estranged wife Courteney Cox .The actor - who separated from the former 'Friends' actress in October 2010 - will appear in the final episode of the upcoming third season of the TV show.In the episode, David will play a hotel concierge who help's Courteney's character Jules - a divorcee who dates much younger men - get what she needs during her stay.The 40-year-old actor is delighted with his casting and took to his twitter page to share his excitement with his ex-lover and her co-star Christa Miller .David tweeted: \"Can't wait to work with you ladies!\"Courteney replied: \"I can't wait to work with you. You better not be late, I'm a professional lady.\"The 47-year-old actress recently revealed she and David - who have a seven-year-old daughter, Coco, together - had become \"closer than ever\" since their split.She said: \"The great thing is that even though we are separated, David and I are still so close. We're able to talk through everything that happens, so I know that we're often both feeling the same way and that makes me feel less alone. In some ways, we're closer than ever because we're communicating more than we ever have.'Cougar Town' returns to ABC on February 14.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11657465", "title": "'Flying squads don't respond to my complaints'", "text": "PANAJI: All India Trinamool Congress president Wilfred de Souza, who resigned as the deputy chairman of the state planning board on Friday, alleged that while distribution of money is going on in Aldona constituency, the election authorities' flying squad are not prompt to respond to his complaints as they are to the complaints of the BJP.Addressing the media, de Souza said that distribution of money was happening on Wednesday in Aldona in a house while on Thursday, it was happening in Nachinola. When his partymen called up the flying squad, it came after more than an hour and by then, all the concerned persons had disappeared. But when the BJP complained, the flying squad appeared very quickly. Why this discrimination, de Souza asked, adding that he will take up the issue with the office of the chief electoral officer. De Souza also announced that though he resigned from as the deputy chairman of the state planning board on Friday, he had surrendered his staff, vehicles and perks long time back.He also criticized BJP vice president Wilfred Mesquita for filing a complaint against him with the chief electoral officer. In a press conference on January 24, De Souza had attacked the BJP saying \"the BJP and its allies had burnt churches in Mangalore\" and attributed to them, the demolition of the Babri Masjid, the murder of missionary Graham Staines, etc. In response, de Souza alleged that Mesquita filed a complaint against him calling his statements malafide, prejudicial to public law and order and urging the chief electoral officer to hold de Souza guilty of violating the model code of conduct.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "bhavnagar", "code": "11661086", "title": "Farmers' leader Dhameliya dies", "text": "BHAVNAGAR: After battling for two days, farmers' leader Bavchand Dhameliya succumbed on Thursday morning in the civil hospital at Bhavnagar.Dhameliya was among the four people, including Mahuva BJP MLA Dr Kanubhai Kalsaria, who were injured when their car met with an accident late on Monday near Vallabhipur in Bhavnagar.Dhameliya (64), a resident of Paravadi village in Gariyadhar taluka of Bhavnagar, was mechanical engineer. \"He, however, chose to remain a farmer throughout his life and fought for farmers' rights until his last breath,'' a famer leader and close associate of Dhameliya Virjibhai Jasani said.Dhameliya was also a member of the state advisory committee of Gujarat Electricity Regulatory Commission (GERC) for quite some time and had raised key issues and problems of power supply quality faced by farmers at highest level during his tenure as member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11658676", "title": "Course on decision making", "text": "Post graduate Government College, Sector 42, Chandigarh, organized a three day UGC sponsored short term course on Gender DNA (decision making, negotiations, and action). The short term course was conducted by eminent international and national gender trainers, Abha and Nimisha Desai, supported by Manju and Asha. Around 135 students enthusiastically learnt about the discriminatory use of gendered language.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11657246", "title": "Tihar job bonanza: Three inmates bag offers of Rs 3.6 lakh", "text": "NEW DELHI: Breaking all records, 142 jail inmates received job offers in a placement drive in Tihar Jail on Friday. Three inmates received an annual package of Rs 360,000, which was the highest job offer in this year's first placement drive on the jail premises. Inmates appearing for the interview included MBA, MCom, BTech, LLB and MA graduates.Sahil Gulati, a 27-year-old BCom graduate from SRCC, landed a plum job as a marketing manager with Career Crafts while Hemant Kumar and Mohammad Asif were offered jobs as computer software and hardware operators with the same salary. A total of 175 inmates, including 13 women, were interviewed during this placement drive. Job offers ranged from Rs 84,000 per annum to Rs 360,000, said officials.\"This is our fourth placement drive since its inception in February last year. Earlier, 192 inmates had received job offers and this time's tally takes it to 334. We are very happy with the outcome and encourage other companies to take part as well in the future drives,\" said the law officer and PRO of Tihar Jail, Sunil Gupta.The chief guest of the drive, adman and socialite Suhel Seth, inaugurated the event. \"I have not seen a jail better than Tihar and have visited jails in several places, including New York. I will communicate to the companies that I am associated with to visit Tihar as well,\" he said.Introduced as part of the rehabilitation programme for prisoners after their release, the shortlisted candidates for interview were those who had maintained good conduct inside the jail and are expected to be released on bail or acquitted within the next six months, explained jail officials.On Friday, five companies - Career Graft, Future Mason, Vedanta Foundation, Frontline and Ikaya Global - interviewed the inmates. The drive, organized by Vedanta Group, also saw participation from inmates of Rohini Jail.Frontline, which is into assets management and security, hired the maximum number - 60, while Ikaya Global, Career Crafts, Future Mason and Vedanta Foundation extended job offers to 21, 22, 14 and 25 inmates.Pranav Guha Thakurta, who recruited inmates for Career Crafts, said: \"We found a good pool of talent here, with candidates who had studied in fine institutions like Ramjas College, SRCC and with good work expe so far. All candidates were serious and multi-talented. They don't want any more trouble in life, so are dependable and interested in working hard.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11662286", "title": "GMC proposes 94 roadside parking lots", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Guwahati Municipal Corporation (GMC) has urged individuals, authorities and institutions to file all objections against the 94 roadside parking places proposed by the civic body within 10 days from Friday.The GMC is hoping that the proposed parking lots that will be valid till March 31, 2013, will help in parking the increasing number of vehicles without difficulty.\"Around 70 parking lots are running in the city. But the GMC is getting revenue from only 25 parking lots. We are hoping to get a good amount of money from the proposed parking lots as they will be leased out. Unauthorized parking places will no more to be seen in the city. Once the parking places start operating, travellers will get adequate parking space,\" GMC commissioner, Puru Gupta said.Gupta added that the civic body's move to regularize the existing parking areas of the city has been done in a structured way. \"We are going to float the tenders soon. Earlier, two wheelers were charged Rs 2 and four wheelers Rs 5 per hour. But, the rates for parking will go up marginally after the new parking lots start functioning,\" GMC collector, Deba Kumar Mishra said.The Greater Guwahati Auto Van Driver's Union urged the GMC to allot separate parking space for commercial vehicles. \"As commercial vehicles carry food items and other essential commodities, they should be given adequate space. We submitted a memorandum to the GMC in August last year too, but our demands are yet to be fulfilled. We are paying taxes to the government but the concerned authorities are not bothered about our problems,\" Naren Pathak, president of the union said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11658965", "title": "E-way median has 26 gaps, each one is a huge risk", "text": "PUNE: Commuting on the Pune-Mumbai expressway has shrunk travel time, but risks to life have gone up. Apart from overspeeding, lane-cutting and losing control over the wheel, the breaks in the median that separates the Mumbai-bound vehicles from the Pune-bound traffic, have become a cause for concern.At last count, when this reporter visited the expressway on Wednesday, there were 26 punctures on the 45-km Kiwale to Khandala stretch which falls in the Pune division of the expressway. Most were wide enough to allow two vehicles to cross over to either corridor. Between Kiwale and the toll plaza at Talegaon, a distance of six km, there are seven median breaks, some a few hundred metres apart. Such median breaks increase in frequency if one goes beyond Khandala towards Mumbai.According to experts, such gaps in the median easily allow vehicles to take a U-turn and therein lies the danger. Most of these punctures in the median that should continue unbroken for many kilometers have been made to facilitate movement of maintenance vehicles, or by local villagers wanting to cross the expressway.Some correction is on its way. Ideal Road Builders, the road maintenance company, plans to plug all of them soon. \"We will close all unofficial median gaps by putting up barriers. We have started work from Kalamboli junction (Mumbai-end of the expressway). In the next eight days, all unofficial median gaps will be closed. The official ones can be closed only if the Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation asks us,\" IRB official Umesh Choudhary said.However, one of these punctures became a killer spot on January 20 when a 66-year- old woman was killed and four others injured after their car rammed a truck carrying a road roller which crossed the expressway at a puncture near Gahunje, close to the newly constructed Subrata Roy Sahara cricket stadium.\"The truck was heading towards the Subrata Roy Sahara Stadium,\" police officials had then said. Hujefa Vakharia, a building contractor, was on his way to Mumbai, was driving the car. His mother was sitting next to him, while his father and two workers were at the back. Hujefa applied the brakes after noticing the truck, but could not prevent the car from crashing into the front, right side of the truck.A senior official of the Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation (MSRDC) said that the break had been 'officially' created for maintenance and other emergency vehicles to reach places quickly. However, it is the responsibility of the road maintenance company, Ideal Road Builders, to putting up cautionary boards at all such 'official' median breaks.Without warning signs, the punctures, which begin a few metres from the expressway's start at Kiwale (Pune end), are difficult to spot. This makes driving on the expressway dangerous. Pravin Shelke, a driver, said \"These spots are highly dangerous because any vehicle can suddenly pop up right in front of you without. As most vehicles on the expressway gain the speed of over 80 kmph, one can only imagine the dangers lurking around,\" he said. The expressway has six lanes (three on either sides), but the immediate danger can be for vehicles moving from the fast lanes located along the median to the middle or slow lanes.At all the locations of official'' median breaks, the area is marked by cemented stone blocks painted in yellow. The length of such locations varies from 50 to 100 m. Potted plants demarcate the median area that is about three to four m wide. A passage in the area allows movement of cars or trucks from one side to the other.Several unofficial'' median breaks exist where the greenery along the median has been removed to allow vehicles to cross the expressway. The number of official median breaks is far higher than the number of such 'unofficial' breaks.QuotesSuperintendent of police (highways) Pune division Dilip Bhujbal, \"It is the responsibility of the road maintenance agency to put up cautionary boards at all locations where the median has been broken. The median breaks were created for movement of maintenance and other emergency vehicles. We will have a high-level meeting soon to review the road safety measures on the expressway.''A senior MSRDC official from Pune: We have written to Ideal Road Builders to put up cautionary boards at all places where the median has been broken. Some have been officially created for movement of emergency and maintenance vehicles. However, the road maintenance agency should plug all the median breaks on the expressway. There is a list of inventory of all the expressway related features. The road maintenance agency should maintain the features as they are.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11658496", "title": "Milk vendor rapes domestic help, held", "text": "BANGALORE: Jeevan Bima Nagar police arrested milk vendor Ananda, 23, for allegedly raping a domestic help at her employer's residence in Deepanjali Layout near Indiranagar on Thursday.The accused and victim were sent for medical examination; preliminary investigation proved that he had raped her and fled. Police said the accused would visit the victim every day at her employer's house where she stayed too. \"He runs a milk booth and knew the victim would be alone on weekdays,\" police said.The victim's employers work in software companies. \"Anand knocked on the door around 11.30am, saying he had some work. Not knowing his intentions, the woman opened the door. The accused allegedly locked her in a room and raped her,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11662889", "title": "Mutual Benefits", "text": "Jeffrey Reneau spoke to Amrapali Saha on US-India academic partnerships which will help students and faculty participate effectively in the global communityJeffrey Reneau is the public affairs officer and director, American Center Kolkata. Reneau studied International Education and Policy Administration at Harvard University and graduated with a Bachelors degree in International Relations from Georgetown University. Prior to starting his tenure in India in October 2011, he was part of the United States Mission to the United Nations (USUN), where he served as the special advisor to the US representative for UN management and reform. At an interactive session on Strategic collaboration between US and India in Higher Education organised by the US Consulate General at the American Center, Kolkata, Reneau spoke about key issues pertaining to Indo-US academic cooperation.Q: What are the key areas which would benefit from US-India collaboration in higher education?The key areas are people based, an increase in student and faculty exchange occurring both ways with US scholars coming to India and vice versa. With higher education being one of the pillars of US engagement with India, we need to work with the people of education who will help build a stronger bilateral relationship. As the world changes, the questions of the future will not be borders or policies but issues such as food security, water resources, land availability and sustainability which will demand our attention. In West Bengal, the target areas would be information technology and agriculture when it comes to collaboration.Q: Can such collaborations bring about a renaissance in the research scene in India?When you link this to the US-India Higher Education Summit, it becomes evident that not just research but the whole education scenario can be stimulated by jointly addressing such issues.Research automatically becomes part of the equation as an integral part of educational exchange. The Fulbright scholarship and the Obama-Singh 21st Century Knowledge Initiative are instances of research as a fundamental aspect of our collaboration.Q: What are the drawbacks of the Indian higher education system and any remedies to tackle them?I think a shortage of access to opportunities is common in any country with a large population. Kolkata alone has such a huge population but it is a young and vibrant populace who can suffer due to a lack of opportunities. Access to education and further opportunities are critical elements that the US and India can explore together. Indias own institutions need to determine the best way forward and identify areas where they can improve.Q: Faculty shortage is a global problem. Can Indo-US collaboration lead to greater exchange of faculty?Yes, it will open up opportunities for US scholars to come here and for Indian ones to go there. It does not necessarily mean an increase in numbers but there will be an increase in the exchange of scholars. We can bring scholars who will participate in Indian academics and vice versa. They will be able to fill the gaps and facilitate increased faculty participation. Indians are already teaching abroad, for example, Professor Sugata Bose who is at Harvard University.Q: Considering the grim economic situation, is the future bright for Indo-US collaborative projects?Unquestionably yes. The foundation of education is based on questions and challenges and people learning how to overcome them. There has been resurgence in education due to the economic slowdown thus opening up opportunities for exchange. We have a world economy now and by forging international partnerships, we can pull each other up to a better place.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11661377", "title": "Bollywood films are popular in China", "text": "If you think that the Bollywood movies, with their potential for transporting the audience into a dream world of fantasy, would not be welcome in the Communist China, you could be wrong.It is just not Buddhism that ties the Chinese society with India but also the new breed of Bollywood movies that are playing a role in synthesising the cultural bonds between the two Asian giants and economic powers.\"Bollywood films are very popular in China. They can compete with the Hollywood hits. '3 Idiots' particularly became very popular in our country,\" said Chinese Ambassador Zhang Yan who interacted with an audience assembled at the opening of the first 'India-China Centre' here this week.Asked to describe the cultural bonds that unite the two neighbours, who have had the ups and downs in their relationship, the Ambassador was quick to respond.\"The Buddhist philosophy from India is a strong influence that has enriched and contributed to our culture. Then there is yoga from India which is also popular with the opening of training centres in the country.\"Another influence is the Bollywood films which are becoming very popular in China. Bollywood films are competing with the Hollywood hits,\" said the Chinese envoy to India, smiling from ear to ear.Highlighting the cultural harmony, Zhang said \"My embassy staff too is undergoing training in yoga\", drawing an applause from the audience comprising academicians, social workers, businessmen and diplomats who included former Indian Ambassador to the US Ronen Sen.The opening of the centre here was happening in 2012, being celebrated as the \"Year of Dragon\" in China, denoting good fortunes as per the Chinese zodiac, he noted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11657992", "title": "Spell out steps taken to remove illegal shrines: HC", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay High Court on Friday gave the BMC and the state government the \"last chance\" to file their affidavits on steps taken by them to remove illegal shrines from the city's roads and footpaths. \"You (the BMC, the state) should not take this lightly. It's a very sensitive issue. Within parameters, you have opportunity to take action according to law,\" said Justice D D Sinha, while rapping the authorities for not filing their replies.A division bench of Justice Sinha and Justice Nitin Jamdar was hearing a public interest litigation filed by NGO Janhit Manch alleging inaction against illegal shrines.Government pleader D A Nalavade placed before the court an October 4, 2010 notification directing the removal of illegal obstructions to traffic on roads and footpaths or by way of encroachments on plots reserved for emergency service and projects.The judges granted four weeks to the BMC and the state to file their replies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "bikaner", "code": "11658940", "title": "In a first, 5 officers fined under public service guarantee Act", "text": "BIKANER: In a first of its kind, five officers, including SDM of Pugal, were penalized for delayed disposal of 'khatedaari' case under the provisions of Rajasthan Public Service Guarantee Act, 2011 by the Second Appellate Authority and the Bikaner district collector on Friday. These officers will have to pay an amount of Rs 1,000 each along with an additional Rs 200 each to be paid to applicant B N Kukkad, a resident of Sriganganagar district.District collector Prithvi told TOI that Kukkad was a 'khatedaar' (owner of a farming land) duing demarcation of his land, acquired by the department of command area development, it was converted as revenue land. The department of revenue also asked Kukkad to deposit an amount as per the reserve price list applicable in Pugal by August 18, 2011, which he did in time.As per the revenue procedure, the 'khatedaari' right was to be transferred in favour of Kukkad by convening a meeting of the advisory committee. But the authorities concerned failed to convene the meeting, Prithvi said. Kukkad then filed an application to SDM Yashwant Bhakhar which was also forwarded to the tehsildar, the reader, the girdavar and the patwari. They failed to give him a satisfactory reason for not convening the meeting. On hearing a second appeal filed by Kukkad, it was clearly observed that the delay was purely due to the negligence of the officers, the collector said.\"All five concerned officers were found guilty of negligence, hence as per provisions of the Rajasthan Public Service Guarantee Act, 2011, financial penalty has been imposed on them. Besides, they have been asked to dispose off the matter within a period of 30 days from today,\" Prithvi said.The collector said after implementation of the Act, it is the first of its kind decision in the state, and it will give a message to the state machinery to work in a speedy manner for the welfare of the common man.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11658361", "title": "Youth rapes 15-year-old", "text": "NASHIK: A 15-year-old girl from the Jail Road area was allegedly kidnapped and raped by a youth from the Panchavati area of the city on January 24.Police said that Rahul Shirsat of Panchavati kidnapped the girl from her school on Jail Road and forced her into an auto-rickshaw. He threatened to kill her if she didn't agree to marry him. Shirsat then took the victim to a place in Panchavati where he allegedly raped her.The class IX student managed to return back home but is too traumatised to speak, police said. A hunt has been launched to trace the perpetrator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11658698", "title": "Isro chief both deal approver, investigator?", "text": "BANGALORE: Was there a conflict of interest in the Antrix-Devas deal? Top space officials say yes. According to them, Indian Space Research Organisation (Isro) chairman K Radhakrishnan was on the Antrix board in 2007-08, knew the details of the deal and reportedly consented to it. Radhakrishnan was later appointed to probe allegations of procedural lapses in the deal. \"How can he be a part of the five-member high-level team that finds fault with the deal he was a party to,\" an official asked.Radhakrishnan, as a board member, was aware of the contract which received all government approvals. \"Why didn't he raise any doubts between 2005 and 2009? Why did he get doubts only in December 2009? How can one person be both an approver and inquirer? Who appointed him to the probe team is not clear, though indications are that the directive came from the Prime Minister's Office,\" the officials told TOI.\"If no questions were raised then, it amounts to approval (of the deal). Why did he realize that the contract may have been faulty after he became Isro chief,\" an official asked, suspecting the hand of \"external forces\".At a press conference in New Delhi in February 2011, Radhakrishnan had admitted that the contract had to be reviewed as Isro had not explicity mentioned to the Union cabinet in 2004-05 that Devas, a private company, would exclusively use two Isro satellites. \"Did he not know this in 2007-08? His use of the expression 'explicitly' indicates the cabinet implicitly knew of Antrix's arrangement with a private service provider. The cabinet was not entirely kept in the dark as is being projected.\"PMO's views final, says Isro TOI on Friday tried to reach Isro chairman K Radhakrishnan for comments, but he was unavailable.An Isro spokesperson said he would respond to the issue when he thinks it's appropriate. \"As of now, the statements and views of the minister of state in the Prime Minister's Office are final.\"MinisterspeakMinister V Narayanasamy told reporters in New Delhi on Thursday that the government's decision to bar the four scientists from government assignments was based on the findings and recommendations of two committees and \"to send a strong message\" to the scientists that it brooks no wrongdoing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11658659", "title": "No sealing of banks now", "text": "NOIDA: In a complete U-turn from its aggressive stance of sealing all premises carrying out unauthorized commercial activity in residential and non-conforming areas, the Noida Authority on Friday put a brake on its drive. The Authority, instead, has decided to continue serving notices to defaulters to stop all commercial activity with immediate effect, presently threatening only action. \"The Authority has decided to soften its stance following revised advice from our legal counsel,\" said Anil Raj Kumar , additional CEO, Noida.Amidst a lot of tension, several commercial establishments downed their shutters on Friday morning while Authority officials were closeted in a meeting till late afternoon. Later, a team of officials accompanied by cops started doing the rounds of Noida, handing out written notices. \"Today, the notices are only being served to banks,\" said an Authority official. The Authority's first stop was sector 19 as it has over 20 bank branches functioning illegally out of residential premises. \"We have served around 15 notices to the banks warning them to shut down activity and comply with the court order,\" the official said.The Authority officials have the entire proceedings of handing over notices videographed in view of the Supreme Court order dictating strict compliance. \"This is being done to compile evidence that we have complied with the SC order of asking these units to shut shop without delay,\" the ACEO said.The new stance of the Authority is that serving notices on the commercial establishments is sufficient compliance of the apex court order. Thereafter, it is the responsibility of each violator to abide by the court ruling and the Authority cannot be prosecuted for wrongdoings of individual lessees. \"We have issued a public notice informing about the SC order, and now responsibility will fall on the plot owner if unauthorized commercial activity continues to take place,\" Kumar said. \"Now, we will seal the premises and lease deed cancellation can follow,\" he added.However, the aggrieved lessees complain that initially the Authority encouraged them to function out of non-conforming areas. \"Due to its inaction the lessees and sub-lessees are facing problems. While common citizens suffer, government officials responsible for perpetuating such situations go scot free,\" said a customer visiting a bank in sector 19.The Authority on its part claims that by offering 74 plots in different sectors, where the banks can move to, they have done their duty. However, this is hardly sufficient because it does not cater to the nursing homes and other commercial units that are being displaced. Moreover, even the banks cannot be expected to complete the process of purchasing the plot, constructing and moving into these buildings within the six weeks given by the SC, the bankers allege.The Supreme Court had on December 5 ruled that all commercial establishments operating from residential premises must move out in two months. But on January 9, the court told the Authority to allot plots and ensure that all displaced banks are shifted to commercial areas in six weeks. The Authority on Wednesday had also announced a scheme for banks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "11661194", "title": "Manipur assembly elections: Voting opens in in 60 assembly constituenties", "text": "IMPHAL: Voters today lined up before 2,357 polling stations across nine districts of Manipur as elections began in 60 assembly constituencies amid tight security.An electorate of 17,40,576, including 8,82,236 woman voters, are eligible to exercise their franchise to choose their representatives from among 279 candidates in the 10th assembly polls.A total of 12,967 polling personnel have been deployed to conduct the elections which began at 7 am and would continue till 4 pm.Chief Minister O Ibobi Singh cast his vote at a polling station in Khangabok of Thoubal district, officials said.Around 350 companies of security personnel including 270 central para military forces were deployed besides the state armed police.Prominent candidates whose fate would be sealed today include the Chief Minister who is contesting from Thoubal constituency, former vice chancellor of Manipur university Ng Bijoy (Khurai) and Forest Minister Th Debendra (Jiribam).Manipur has nine districts - Imphal East, Imphal West, Bishnnupur and Thoubal (all in valley) and Churachandpur, Ukhrul, Senapati, Tamenglong and Chandel in the hills.Security forces are keeping a tab on the situation in the state, where blasts have taken place in the past few days, amid reports that insurgent groups might target some candidates.A person was injured yesterday when militants exploded a bomb at the house of a former Manipur government official at Thangmeiband in Imphal West district.Special: Manipur Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11658058", "title": "New insurance schemefor unorganized workers", "text": "PATNA: The Bihar government is all set to launch its own insurance scheme anytime soon to bring into net \"unorganized workers and shilpkars (craftsmen)\" of the state replacing the Centre's Aam Admi Bima Yojana that had come under implementation in the country from the 2008-09 fiscal under the UPA-I dispensation.The state government has named its insurance scheme as the Bihar Shatabdi Asangathit Karyakshetra Kamgar Evam Shilpkar Surakasha Yojana (Bihar Centenary Unorganized Sector Workers and Craftsmen Security Scheme), because it is celebrating the state's centenary year in March this year. The nomenclature follows CM Nitish Kumar's recent announcement that names of all new schemes launched or new landmark buildings constructed or inaugurated this year would bear the prefix \"Bihar Shatabdi (Bihar Centenary)\"Under this scheme, the state government would give insurance cover of Rs 1 lakh for accidental death, Rs 75,000 for absolute disability, Rs 37,500 for permanent temporary disability, and Rs 30,000 for death in harness. The annual liability on the state government on account of clearance of all kinds of claims would be around Rs 2 crore.The state cabinet is \"about to give its nod soon\", an official said. Interestingly, the scheme had earlier been placed before the state cabinet for its approval, but was returned to the labour resources department to get clearance from the Yojana Pradhikrit Samiti (empowered committee for schemes), said a source on condition of anonymity. \"Once it is cleared by the empowered committee, the proposal related to the new scheme would be placed before the cabinet for its approval,\" he added.The UPA-I had introduced the Aam Admi Bima Yojana, in which the state government and the Centre were to share the premium payment of Rs 200 at Rs 100 each for the beneficiary, while the Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) had to clear the claims of the beneficiaries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "11658000", "title": "Fishermen up in arms against ships", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The traditional fishermen in the coastal areas are up in arms against large merchant vessels which have been destroying their fishing nets. The International Maritime Law states that merchant vessels must travel at least 12 nautical miles (territorial waters) away from shore. Usually the vessels move at least 50-60 nautical miles away from the shore.But according to fishermen in the region, nowadays the ships come as close as 20-30 nautical miles. The large rotor blades of the merchant vessels often damage the traditional nets of fishermen affecting their livelihood.The fishing community has been asking the fisheries department to intervene in this issue. But no measures have been initiated so far. Fed up with government apathy, the community has formed an action committee to address the issue. \" If nothing happens, we will organize a protest,\" said the members of the action committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11661148", "title": "Escort teams can't ferry undertrials in police vehicles", "text": "VADODARA: Cops escorting undertrials in the city won't be able to travel in police vehicles now.City police commissioner Satish Sharma has issued instructions that members of the escort team will travel only by public transport while ferrying undertrials to and from the court during the hearings. The move came in the wake of Sylvester Daniel's - key witness in Sohrabuddin encounter - escape from city police's custody in Rajasthan last year.Sylvester had given the cops a slip after offering them liquor at his residence. He was though arrested within 24 hours of his escape. \"If policemen escorting under-trials travel in police vehicle the chances of them wandering to other areas are more. The escort members may take the under-trial to his residence or visit some other place. So I have issued orders to take all under-trials by state transport buses,\" Sharma told TOI.\"Most escort teams won't risk taking under-trials around while travelling by public transport buses. This is one of the steps taken by us to ensure that escort squads bring under-trials straight to the jail after court hearings,\" added Sharma. Sharma has also asked the control room to stay in touch with the escort squads and keep asking them for their location every four hours.On Wednesday, despite being instructed, the city control room didn't keep contact with Raopura police sub-inspector A K Parmar who was escorting an under-trial in Ahmedabad. \"We are now drawing plans to come out stricter rules of escorting under-trials. We will handpick police officers who are efficient and honest for escorting under-trials. And, backgrounds of all of the escort team members will scrutinized before sending them on duty,\" Sharma said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "11662092", "title": "16 KPLT rebels surrender", "text": "JORHAT: Amid strong anti-militant operation by both police and CRPF in Karbi Anglong for the last few months, 16 militants of Karbi People's Liberation Tigers (KPLT) surrendered before police on Thursday.The surrender ceremony was held during Republic Day celebration programme in Diphu. Police said they have information that more KPLT militants will come to the mainstream soon.SP (Karbi Anglong) Anurag Agarwala said, \"Sixteen KPLT militants laid down arms before police on Thursday and decided to come to the mainstream. They have deposited three AK 47 rifles, seven pistols and one Carbine. Among the 16, five are top leaders of the outfit.\"He added, \"We have information that some other cadres of the Karbi rebel group have decided to lay their arms. They have already talked with our officials and expressed their willingness to join in the mainstream. We welcome them with a request to abstain from anti-social activities in the future.\"The officer said operations against the militant group have been intensified in the last one year. \"In the last one year, at least 10 KPLT militants were killed in different operations and more than 15 persons surrendered before police,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "11658701", "title": "3 youths nabbed with 13kg opium", "text": "PANCHKULA: Just a few months after 4kg opium was seized from eight people in a house in Sector 9, Panchkula, police arrested another three youths late Thursday night with 13kg opium, which the latter were going to smuggle.The youths, who were residing in a rented accommodation in Sector 15, Panchkula, have been identified as Harvinder Singh, Praveen Kumar and Jora Singh, all from Ferozpur, Punjab.\"Following a tip-off we came to know that three youths in a black coloured car were on their way to sell opium. When we signalled the car at Sector 16 Labour Chowk check-point, the driver, who was wearing a turban did not stop, and drove off in another direction,\" said in-charge of crime investigating agency (CIA) Karamvir Singh.He added, \"We followed the car and nabbed them. When their car was searched 4kg opium and 9kg milk opium was seized. After investigating further, we came to know that they were smuggling these for long.\"The youths were produced in court on Friday and the court has sent Praveen Kumar on a seven day police remand while the other two have been sent to judicial custody to Central jail Ambala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "11658014", "title": "Chemancheri To Be Felicitated", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The city will get an opportunity to see some of the oldest and rarest folk and tribal art forms of the country in the first edition of the Malabar Natyotsav to be held in Kozhikode from February 10 to 18. The dance festival will also showcase traditional art forms of the states.The nine-day dance festival, organized jointly by the department of cultural affairs and Guru Gopinath Nadana Gramam, will showcase various dance forms across the country. The programme will be held simultaneously at three venues in the city, including the Tagore Centenary Hall, Town Hall and Corporation Stadium ground.An exhibition, cultural meet, artists' get-together and symposium will be held in various parts of the city as part of the programme. Experts in the field will talk on various subjects. The programme envisages on popularizing the art forms of the country to the public.Kathakali exponent Guru Chemancheri Kunhiraman Nair will be felicitated during the dance festival.\"The programme timings will be announced later,\" said P V Mohan Lal, general convener of the festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11658218", "title": "Nigerian held in Chennai on drug charges", "text": "CHENNAI: A Nigerian who fled Kochi airport after his partner in crime, an Ecuadorian, was arrested there for carrying drugs, was nabbed at the Chennai Central station on Friday.Solano Rayes Gimmy Vincente from Ecuador was arrested at Kochi airport on Thursday evening after customs officials found drugs in his baggage. According to a customs officer, Odiage Austin Geo Babia from Nigeria, another member of the gang, managed to escape from the airport terminal and boarded a Chennai train. \"We traced his movements and alerted railway police in Chennai. They arrested him at the Chennai Central immediately after he alighted,\" said the officer.The officer said the duo were trying to board a Chennai-bound flight on Thursday when one of them was arrested. \"The Narcotic Control Bureau has started investigation,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11655822", "title": "MR held for uploading obscene videos on Facebook", "text": "NAGPUR: A medical representative (MR), father of a minor son, was arrested by MIDC police station for allegedly uploading obscene videos of his girlfriend on her Facebook profile and sharing it with all her friends.Ajay Gajbhiye, a resident of Kunjilalpeth on Rameshwari road, said he uploaded the videos after the girl, a second year dental student, forced him to end their relationship. Assistant police inspector Kamlesh Jaiswal said after learning about the profile the girl even deleted her Facebook account, but Gajbhiye opened two fake accounts and uploaded the video again.\"The 37-year-old Gajbhiye did this to harass her and was forcing her to continue the relationship,\" said Jaiswal, who nabbed the accused from his residence immediately after the girl approached the police.Cops said that a few days ago the girl had complained to additional CP (crime) Ravindra Kadam, who had ordered cyber cell personnel to delete all the videos. However, Gajbhiye had given a fake address to the girl, so he could not be traced.Later, the cops found his house using his mobile phone, Additional CP (south) Anup Kumar Singh and Jaiswal traced his residence. Acting cautiously, Jaiswal did not raid Gajbhiye's residence. \"He was in Bhopal, so our staff kept watch and rounded him up the day he returned,\" said Jaiswal.Married to an ayurvedic doctor, Gajbhiye had fallen in love with the second year dental student around two years ago. \"Being an MR, he would often go to medical colleges and meet the girl during some project work at her college. They fell in love and would go for trips in and around the city,\" said Jaiswal.According to the girl's statement to the police, Gajbhiye had taken her to a resort on Kalmeshwar road in January 2010 and filmed their intimate moments on his cell phone. She claimed Gajbhiye had mixed liquor in her cold drinks and hence she could not resist.Though the girl was hesitant about complaining to the police, woman police sub-inspector Sonu Jhamre counselled the girl, who had trusted Gajbhiye with her account password. \"After being together for a year, Gajbhiye would stop her from meeting her male friends. He promised to marry her, but insisted she should not talk to her friends,\" said senior PI AY Navghire.When the girl ended the affair, Gajbhiye uploaded the video to her profile and even sent messages saying 'just check my video' to all her friends. Gajbhiye even changed her account password, so she could not delete the video.Later, when the girl contacted social networking professionals to delete the account, Gajbhiye made two fake accounts in her name and uploaded the videos again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11657695", "title": "Maharashtra leads in filing patents", "text": "NEW DELHI: Maharashtra beats all other states hollow when it comes to filing patents.But it is Delhi that records the best leverage ratio (percentage of patents being filed against the percentage of GDP of the state) at 4.81%, followed by Karnataka (2.24) and Maharashtra (1.95).Between 2006 and 2009, Maharashtra had filed 5, 533 patents, while its nearest competitor Delhi filed 2,815. Karnataka and Tamil Nadu had filed 2,282 and 1,493 patents, respectively.Kirti Joshi, a scientist from the Uttarakhand State Council for Science and Technology, explains, \"Our research shows that though Maharashtra has the highest number of patents filed and is also way ahead when it comes to individual GDP, its leverage rate is poorer than Delhi.\"Joshi and her colleague from the National Institute of Science, Technology and Development Studies in Delhi, Avinash Kshitij, have published a study that compares patent portfolio in terms of geographic distribution in the latest edition of the journal \"Current Science\".The paper says, \"The maximum number of patents was filed from Maharashtra (31.61%) between 2006 and 2009, which also has a maximum GDP share of 16.23%. However, the leverage ratio of these percentages is just 1.95. Maharashtra is the hub of many industrial units as well as academic institutions, yet the ratio puts it in the third place. Delhi, which has many institutes of repute, lies at the top on the leverage basis.\"Eastern India, once known as India's research hub, has fallen far behind in the patent race. West Bengal had filed 905 patents during the same period. When compared against its GDP ($76.9 billion), its leverage rate stood at 0.73. Odisha had filed much lesser patents (53) than Bengal, but recorded a leverage rate of 0.10.The researchers said, \"Patents are a reflection of the technological capability and depict the scientific and industrial strength of a nation. To measure the proficiency of states in terms of patent filing for a three-year period, data was extracted from the Indian Patent Office.\"They added, \"It seems that the patent output has a bearing on the vicinity of the patent office as well as the presence of patent-oriented industries. The states housing patent offices are among the top rankers as well, with West Bengal being an exception.\"The leverage chart reveals a poor picture, with most states recording a below-1 rate.Andhra Pradesh had filed 1,210 patents, but recorded a leverage rate of 0.87. While, Gujarat had filed 918 patents, but recorded a leverage rate of 0.71.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "11661303", "title": "NCP leader's self-immolation attempt foiled", "text": "BOKARO: The self-immolation bid by local NCP leader Sachchidanand Singh in front of Bokaro Steel Ltd (BSL) managing director S S Mohanty's residence was not only foiled but also landed him in jail on Republic Day on Thursday. The incident occurred close on the heels of hundreds of displaced people demonstrating in front of Mohanty's residence, demanding jobs from BSL on Tuesday.Sources said Singh was leading a group of retired BSL employees, who were demanding houses on licence and interest on the gratuity held up by the company for not vacating the quarter after retirement and to reduce charges of penal rent among others.Following Singh's announcement about his intention to immolate himself, the administration made a heavy deployment of police personnel at the MD's bungalow on the NH-23 near Chas bridge. Two fire tenders were also stationed on the spot. Ironically, Singh, before reaching the spot, had repeatedly invited mediapersons to cover the demonstration. But Singh was taken aback to witness the heavy security arrangements. His followers, mostly retired officials and employees, scattered into different groups and Singh holding kerosene waited for policemen to make the first move. Later, he surrendered before the police.Ramod Kumar Singh, the City police station officer-in-charge, said Singh was arrested for attempting self-immolation demanding benefits for retired BSL employees. A BSL officer said the management is open to all for negotiations and there was no need for this kind of demonstration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11659068", "title": "Doctors react angrily to 'father figure' arrest", "text": "KOLKATA: The medical fraternity reacted with anger and dismay at the arrest of doctors Mani Chetri and Pronab Dasgupta, two of the most well known names in the medical fraternity. It would make doctors reluctant to accept administrative posts which could turn out to be a problem for private hospitals, they felt.\"Mani Chetri is a father figure for doctors in Kolkata. He has been a teacher to many of us. It pains us to see him being put behind bars. He was probably not even involved in the day-to-day running of the hospital but was merely an administrative figurehead. Considering his stature and his age, he should not have been arrested just because the post he held makes him accountable. It is indeed shocking,\" said SB Purakayastha, CEO, Ruby Hospital.Terming the arrests as a major setback for medical services in the region, senior cardiac surgeon and vice-president of Rabindranath Tagore International Institute of Cardiac Sciences (RTIICS) Kunal Sarkar said a distinction has to be made between executive post-holders and those actually in charge of administration. \"You don't arrest the railway minister if passengers die in a train accident or the fire minister for a blaze. We must know where to stop while reacting to a disaster. A disaster should not be followed by confusion and chaos which is exactly what has been happening after the AMRI fire,\" said Sarkar.He felt that doctors should probably refrain from accepting posts that make them \"superficial administrators\". \"I guess they should be more serious administrators and understand the criticality of their posts, once they accept it. They should insist on a closer involvement if they have an administrative responsibility, rather than be happy to just sign papers. A cosmetic involvement can indeed be dangerous, as has been proved in this case. We must remember that only doctors can play an effective role in running a hospital for they know the medical aspect of the job as well as the administrative inputs that are required to keep things going,\" said Sarkar.The arrests were \"unfortunate and scary\", said oncologist Gautam Mukhopadhyay. \"It's a sad day for the medical community. Both Chetri and Dasgupta have been extremely successful practitioners, teachers and mentors to many to us,\" he said.A wrong signal has been given out by arresting two of Kolkata's most well-known doctors, said P K Nemani, vice-president of the Indian Medical Association. \"It was unfair to arrest Chetri and Dasgupta just because their posts make them responsible. Since they barely had any administrative role, they should have been spared. We need to distinguish between executives and non-executives. They served more as advisors than executives, a role which has its own importance in a medical set-up. Now, doctors would be scared to accept such responsibilities,\" said Nemani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11657406", "title": "Ranga Rao\u2019s bail plea hearing put off", "text": "HYDERABAD: The CBI court on Friday adjourned to January 30 the hearing in Stylish Homes' director Tummala Ranga Rao's plea seeking an anticipatory bail.Although the CBI was supposed to make its stand clear on the plea by Friday, the probe agency failed to file its counter and asked for the hearing on the plea to be deferred.Sources said that CBI may not oppose Rao's plea in view of his statement to both CBI and a magistrate which, the agency claims, has armed them with useful information.Vijay Sai Reddy files bail plea: V Vijay Sai Reddy, the advisor to YS Jaganmohan Reddy's firms and an accused in the YSR Congress leader's disproportionate assets case, Friday filed a petition in court seeking bail.\"I am a professional chartered accountant and it is not correct for CBI to say that I alone knew about the alleged conspiracy to acquire assets,\" Reddy said in his petition.The judge asked CBI to file its counter to Reddy's plea and posted the hearing in the matter to January 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11658390", "title": "Socialist SP shuns star power", "text": "LUCKNOW: Till 2009 Lok Sabha polls, there used to be a galaxy of stars lined up to campaign for the Samajwadi Party. But that was the time when general secretary Amar Singh was in the helm of affairs. He was the party's link to the tinsel town. With Amar Singh gone, the SP is back to its old self when it would be identified as the party headed by 'dharti putra' (son of the soil) Mulayam. No Bachchan family and no starlets to woo the electorate. The campaigning is totally in hands of the party cadre, spearheaded by the Yadav Junior.Political observers believe that when the SP came into being, not only the backwards and Muslims but the entire underprivileged section of the society started identifying itself with Mulayam Singh Yadav and his socialist ideology. When film stars took the centerstage, this very support base found itself a misfit and started drifting away. Now that the party has realized its mistake, it is once again presenting itself in a package that the common man could easily identify with, says a political commentator.Senior SP leaders agree that the changeover was not easy. Particularly when Mulayam's one-time blue eyed boy Amar Singh was out to damage the SP at the first opportunity. But Mulayam's idea of Kranti Rath being taken out by the heir apparent Akhilesh Yadav has clicked. The SP leaders admit that launching of the Kranti Rath by the SP on November 16, 2011 was a part of a strategy to make up for the absence of film stars from the party's campaigners' list. As a result, by the time Amar Singh got into the poll-mode in December 2011, Akhilesh had already covered more than 100 assembly constituencies and addressed as many public meetings all by himself.Portrayed as the party's youth icon, Akhilesh's ability to interact with the rural voter and make them feel at home by conversing in local dialect came in handy. Actually, for the SP, the Kranti Rath had yielded much more than what the senior party leaders had anticipated. It not only helped the party to forget Amar Singh but also paved the way for Akhilesh to step into the party's mainstream.\"We were often accused of using film stars as crowd-pullers during our election campaigns. I think now there should be no doubt in anybody's mind about the notion that people attend public meetings to watch the film stars and not to listen to what the politicians have to say,\" says senior SP leader Azam Khan. \"Look at the turnout at Mulayam Singh Yadav's and Akhilesh's public meetings, most of the times, they have attracted bigger audience than any film stars has ever had,\" he says.\"Bharatiya Janata Party and Congress, both have film stars lined up for their poll campaign. While cine star Shatrughan Sinha is campaigning in Uttarakhand, film actor turned social activist Raja Bundela is backing the Congress party campaign in Bundelkhand region,\" says sitting SP MLA from Barabanki Arvind Singh Gope . \"These parties have exploited people's religious sentiments by roping in the lead actors of Ramanand Sagar's mega teleseries Mahabharat who appeal for votes in same manner in which they had delivered their dialogues in the epic,\" Gope said.UP Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11657230", "title": "Officials to get trained for smooth assembly elections", "text": "NOIDA: To ensure that assembly polls in Gautam Budh Nagar progress seamlessly, the district administration has devised a training module for 1,000 presiding officers and as many polling officers in all booths spread across the district.Officials will be trained in aiding voters cast their ballots. The officials will be trained about election regulations, norms and processes. \"In addition, training will also be given to them on using and operating EVMs,\" said the official. In accordance with the training facilities available with the administration, officials will be trained in nine sessions each day from February 3 to 7.The administration has formed a team from several departments. The National Informatics Centre in Gautam Budh Nagar is compiling data of these officials, even as their departments are sending in reports about them. For the training programme, officials have been divided into groups of around 50 each.\"The presiding officers and the polling officers play very important roles in the polling process, wherein handling the needs of voters is a very crucial part,\" said an official. \"Training is necessary to ensure that polls are concluded without glitches and voters do not find difficulty in finding their booths or using the EVM. Officials would also take care to ensure that votes are registered properly,\" he added. Senior officials will participate in the training programme to pass hands-on experience on conducting polls to these officers. \"The seniors will impart training to the selected officials on how to go about their duties and activities 24 hours prior to the polls, among other things,\" added the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11658810", "title": "78% urban youths take supplements: Survey", "text": "BANGALORE: About 78% of adolescents in urban areas of India consume at least one dietary supplement such as pills, energy drinks, steroids and high-protein powders, says a survey by industry body Assocham.\"The statistics are shocking, as many children are becoming overly involved and obsessed by a wide variety of substances that promise to boost energy, appearance, performance, immunity and overall health, even if it shortened their lives,\" it said in a statement.\"In addition to that, cash incentives and college admissions through sports quota lure them into taking wrong steps,\" it said.Over 85% of school and college athletes said their coaches and fitness trainers encouraged them to take supplements similar to steroids. They added these drugs were easily available at chemist shops and youngsters were well-equipped technologically to find information about them.Assocham Social Development Foundation (ASDF) team conducted the survey in states and cities of Delhi, Mumbai, Haryana, Kolkata, Bangalore, Chennai, Hyderabad, Ahmedabad, Chandigarh, Jaipur and Lucknow. Surveyors interacted with 2,500 adolescents (almost equal number of males and females) in the age group of 14-30 years.The survey was carried out in the period from October 2011 to January 2012 on \"Ill Effects of Energy Drinks and Other Popular Dietary Supplements on Youngsters\". It observed that consumption of dietary supplement was more in vogue in Delhi, Mumbai, followed by Haryana, Chandigarh, Hyderabad and Ahmedabad.Its report highlighted that use of steroids increased with age, especially in boys, with almost 45% of Class XII boys using those.Some students reported using other dietary supplements to boost their game or physical appearance. 47% said they used supplements such as protein powders, creatine and amino acids to gain body mass.Around 55% said they used supplements like fat burners, high-energy drinks and caffeine pills to lose weight. It also mentioned facts about participants consuming sports drinks (86%), vitamin and mineral tablets (75%), energy drinks (65%), herbal supplements (25%), high protein milk supplements (15%) and steroids (76%).Majority of participants indicated that their fitness trainers promoted and sold dietary supplements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11662339", "title": "Garden manager killed student: Rani witnesses", "text": "GUWAHATI: The sessions court here on Friday heard the witnesses in the Rani Tea Estate firing case in which the planter of the garden, Mridul Bhattacharya, was accused of killing 15-year-old boy youth Pradip Murari, son of Munus Murari, on March 22, 2010.The three witnesses, Jogmaya Bodo, Katiram Rabha and Ajanta Murari who appeared before the court here, identified Mridul as the person who had fired at people with his gun during mob violence that day, killing the teen on the spot and injuring five others.\"All the witnesses have identified Mridul as Pradip's killer,\" said Dinesh Das, the president of Sangrami Krishak Sramik Santha (SKSS), who is pressing the administration to take action in the case. Das was also present during the hearing.Das accused police of not conducting investigation properly. \"We had to wait for 24 months to start our case in court. Police are favouring Mridul who has money and muscle power. Even the administration has done nothing for the injured and 300 other labourers who became jobless after the tea estate was shut down,\" he said.On March 22, 2010, Rani Tea Estate was shut down after workers set fire to houses inside the garden after the proprietor of the tea estate, Mridul Kumar Bhattacharya, allegedly shot dead Class VIII student Pradip Murari. The shooting occurred when NREGA workers and locals had gone to seek a clarification from Bhattacharya after he allegedly assaulted a woman called Jogmaya Bodo. Police, later, arrested Mridul.Munus Murari, the father of Pradip who pleaded for justice, said, \"I lost my kid. I hope the court will give justice to us.\"On the other hand, the court rejected Mridul's plea of handing over the gun to him as the weapon was seized by police for enquiry. The next hearing is on March 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "11662119", "title": "Tripura gets India's second rubber park", "text": "AGARTALA: India's second industrial rubber park has come up in Bodhungnagar in western Tripura to boost the country's elastic polymer industry. The park, a joint venture between the Tripura Industrial Development Corporation (TIDC) and the Rubber Board, is the second of its kind in the country after the rubber park in Irapuram, Kerala.Tripura chief minister Manik Sarkar inaugurated the park on Friday. The park was created at a cost of Rs 23 crore at the Bodhungnagar industrial growth centre, 15 km north of Agartala. Tripura is the second largest natural rubber producer in the country after Kerala.At least 20 rubber-based industrial projects would be set up in the park in the next few years. \"The rubber park was built on an area of about 58 acres of land in the Bodhungnagar industrial growth centre in western Tripura and over Rs.75 crore are expected to be invested in the park over a period of three years,\" said TIDC Chairman Pabitra Kar. Agencies", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "11662335", "title": "Arunachal's Binny Yanga gets Padma Shri", "text": "Itanagar: Noted social worker from Arunachal Pradesh Binny Yanga has been conferred the Padma Shri, the fourth highest civilian award, in recognition of her immense contribution in the field of social work.Yanga heads Oju Welfare Association (OWA), an NGO that works for the education, health and upbringing of socially disadvantaged sections of society, besides promoting income generation activities and training of tribal women in the state.She is among the 109 recipients of the Padma Awards-2012, including five Padma Vibhushan, 27 Padma Bhushan and 77 Padma Shri awards as announced by President Pratibha Devisingh Patil in New Delhi yesterday.She is one of the 19 women among the awardees and one of the six people from the northeast to receive the prestigious award. While Dr Bhupen Hazarika of Assam has been selected for Padma Vibhushan for art/vocal music posthumously, others from the region to be conferred the Padma Shri include Nameirakpam Ibemni Devi and Khongjom Parba of Manipur for art/music, Sunil Janah of Assam (art/photography), Kedar Gurung of Sikkim (literature &amp; education) and Dr Ralte L Thanmawia of Mizoram for literature &amp; education.Yanga would be the fourth person from Arunachal to receive the Padma Shri award after former Arunachal Pradesh Congress Committee president late Omem Moyong Deori, Buddhist monk Lama Thuptem Phuntsok and prominent author, poet and journalist Mamang Dai.Sharing her happiness with TOI, she said, \"It's (the award) the outcome of my 32 years of hard work for the uplift of the tribal society in Arunachal. I am fully satisfied now.\" She also received the prestigious Durgabai Deshmukh Award in 2002. Yanga said she was greatly indebted to governor JJ Singh.\"The award has not just given me national recognition but has also encouraged me to work with renewed vigour for the wellbeing of underprivileged sections of the society,\" said the entrepreneur-turned-social activist.Meanwhile, chief minister Nabam Tuki congratulated Binny Yanga on making it to the prestigious list of Padma Shri awardees. \"This is a moment of pride for Arunachal Pradesh. After Mamang Dai, the conferment of the fourth highest civilian award to Yanga is a testimony to the contribution made by women of the state,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11658830", "title": "Railway job racket busted, 5 arrested", "text": "KOLKATA: City police busted an inter-state railway recruitment racket and arrested five persons including its kingpin, late on Thursday night. The racketeers had floated a fake website - http://irrbi.org.in - through which they duped a large number of job-seekers from various states.City police busted a fake inter-state railway recruitment racket which has duped a large number of job-seekers in various states, with the arrest of five persons including the king-pin of the racket. The racket floated a fake website -http://irrbi.org.in - through which they used to dupe people.The city police detective department officials swung into action after Krishna Avatar Yadav, 23, a resident of Pichawari in Banaras district, lodged a complaint with the city policeIn his complaint Yadav stated that in 2010 through a common friend, he came to know about Pramod Tiwari, 46, who posed as a senior railways recruitment board official and promised jobs against payment.Pramod reportedly told Yadav that he would charge Rs 4 lakh for a group C job and Rs 1.8 lakh for a group D job. He then asked Yadav to go to Delhi where he was asked to fill up a form. There he was given a form. He was asked to fill it up and hand him over the same.Yadav was also asked to check the website and told that if chosen, he would have to pay the money in installments.Yadav found his name in the list of successful candidates. Within a few days, he received a call letter and was asked He was askedto come to Kolkata for an interview. He was also taken to various medical institutions for health check-ups. He had to shell out a hefty amount for health check-ups as well. For this also they extracted hefty payment for him.Yadav ended up paying Rs 5.2 lakh.Eventually, he was given a provisional appointment letter. But, when he went to join, he was told by railway officials that all the letters given to him were fake. Yadav immediately lodged a complaint with police following which cops kept a track of Tiwari's movement. The city police detective department kept track on Tiwari's movement.Police investigation revealed that Tiwari was originally from Patna but his girlfriend stayed at Maheshtala. He would, hence, frequent her Maheshtala home.On Thursday, police arrested Tiwari from Maheshtala. Police also arrested Binoy Gupta of Kasba, who used to be Tiwari's driver. Besides Tiwari and Gupta, Brajesh Kumar Ray of Giridih, Dharmendra Kumar and Samendra Kumar, known for trapping gullible job-seekers, were arrested.Police seized a huge cache of fake offer letters, a large number of photographs of job-seekers, stamps, scanner and laptops from the accused. Probe revealed the racket was operative since early 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11658639", "title": "IChess: from checkmate to e4", "text": "BANGALORE: Move away puzzles and stereograms. The new brain-basher is the reverse of the popular mind game, chess. If you know chess, have patience, laser-sharp focus and a nagging determination to beat your opponent, then IChess is for you.Invented by a group of students and GN Srinivasa Prasanna (in pic) of the Bangalore-based International Institute of Information Technology, Bangalore (IIITB), IChess or Inverse Chess is unique as it is played backwards in moves unlike chess. This means the game kicks off with few pieces on the chess board and you reconstruct the pre-identified start position from the pre-identified end position. In other words, you could well be playing from checkmate to e4, the opening move. Played between two opponents, the first player achieving this is declared the winner.\"My target group is college students, professors and scientists. The game is to expand the mind. Using either a regular or modified chess board, the pieces on the board move backwards,\" Srinivasa told TOI.\"You are no more aiming at capturing you opponent's king, but trying to spawn all your coins back to the board. When the objective of the regular chess is to destroy the opponent's pieces, IChess starts with the point in the game of forward chess, where the game is considered to have ended,'' he explained.\"A thousand possibilities exist for making a move, but going the right way is the challenge. Once you start playing, you internalize the winning strategy,\" said Prof S Sadagopan, director, IIITB.\"We do not have a good theory of IChess like we have for chess, which has been played for more than 1,000 years. But the skill of the players is tested by how they move their pieces to the start position,'' he said.Said Srinivasa: \"Patent application is being examined in India, US and EPO. A website for the game is under construction.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "model town", "code": "11662560", "title": "High on fashion, she wants to design for SRK", "text": "Model Town: For this of fashion teacher, producing maximum designers from the high-on-fashion city tops the wish list before the world comes to an end in 2012. Jatinder Kaur, 26, a lecturer at Guru Nanak Girls College in Model Town, wishes to educate as many students about the fine art as possible.\"Ludhianvis are known as fashion savvy people and there is huge scope for fashion designing here,\" she says.Her next wish is again related to fashion. \"I want to design sherwani for Shah Rukh Khan and lehenga choli and saree for Aishwarya Rai and Juhi Chawla . SRK because he looks really good in traditional clothes as do Aishwarya and Juhi,\" she adds.Travelling to Milan in Italy and Paris in France for shopping is her next big desire. She avers, \"I have heard a lot about Milan and Paris for their fashion quotient. So I wish to go for shopping with my husband, Prabhdeep Singh, and seven-month-old son Jaskirat. Apart from these places, I also wish to go Switzerland, Canada and England as these places are known as world-class tourist destinations.\"About her next wish, Jatinder says, \"I wish to compile a book of my traditional Indian dresses' designs. The book will be handy for designers of other countries, who wish to learn about Indian traditional designs.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11657970", "title": "Rs 28K cr annual planoutlay for next fiscal", "text": "PATNA: The annual plan outlay for the 2012-13 fiscal would be Rs 28,000 crore, which is an increase of Rs 4,000 crore over the current fiscal, and a big hop from what it was in the 2006-07 financial year. The Nitish Kumar-led government had come to power in November 2005.Reviewing the expenditure by various departments out of the plan allocations for the current fiscal on Friday, CM Nitish Kumar informed the departmental heads about the annual plan outlay for the next fiscal, said planning and development department principal secretary Vijay Prakash.Incidentally, the annual plan outlay for the state was Rs 8,459.18 crore during 2006-07, Rs 9,700.25 crore during 2007-08, Rs 12,335.90 crore during 2008-09, Rs 16,000 crore during 2009-10, Rs 20,000 crore during 2010-11, and Rs 24,000 crore during the current fiscal.It transpired at the high-level review meeting that various departments had spent Rs 12,088 crore till last month. It was felt that the expenditure achieved this year was an improvement, since only Rs 11,092.44 crore had been spent in the last fiscal in the corresponding period.Prakash said that the meeting decided to lift existing conditions laid on the release and withdrawal of the plan fund that only a certain percentage of the plan fund could be released at a time. Instead, from the next fiscal, all the departments would make their respective annual work plan to spend and utilize the fund.The participants at the meeting included chief secretary Navin Kumar, development commissioner A K Sinha, finance department principal secretary Rameshwar Singh, as well as principal secretaries of education, energy, urban development and public health and engineering departments, Anjani Kumar Singh, Ajay V Nayak, Shashi Shekhar Sharma, Ravindra Pawar, respectively, and home secretary Amir Subhani, among others.The CM directed the departmental heads to ensure that the money allotted to various departments under the plan head was utilized in time. He also said that a workshop and training be organized on the utility and popularization of computerized management information system (MIS). Besides, the rural development department was directed to reconstruct the buildings of all the 534 block offices in a phased manner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11658265", "title": "A parched summer awaits the city", "text": "KOCHI: This summer there is every chance that the Kochi will reel under severe water shortage. The Kerala Water Authority (KWA) is unable to replace the damaged pipelines with new ones in various parts of the city. Pipe bursts are so common in the city that in a meeting convened by the water resources minister in 2010, Rs 10 crore was allotted for the repair work.But even after this the repair and replacement of galvinized (GI) pipes with high density polyethylene (HDPE) in Thammanam-Palarivattom stretch, MG Road, and Chilavannoor region has been pending for over a year.The KWA has put the blame squarely on the Public Works Department (PWD) for the delay in giving sanction to dig up the MG Road for work. \"Finally the PWD has given a go ahead to dig up the pipeline road from Palarivattom to Thammanam,\" said K S Babu , executive engineer, KWA. This will allow KWA to lay new pipes for the supply line from Thammanam pump house. The pump house caters to the needs of all areas in city except in the west Kochi area.But it seems that PWD's approval will do little to improve the situation. The heavy traffic through the pipeline road due to the reconstruction work of north railway overbridge has come as an impediment to the repair work. \"We have requested the cops to minimize the traffic through the route at least for 2-3 months. They have agreed to cooperate,\" said Babu.Meanwhile, the PWD officials said the approval to dig the road was given to KWA after it promised to complete the work within the stipulated time. T I Jose, executive engineer, PWD, said the department is unable to approve digging the MG Road as Kochi Metro Rail Corporation (KMRC) is set to start work there. \"Moreover we cannot allow them to keep the roads cut open for months together,\" he said. The frequent pipe bursts in places such as the 2-km-long stretch from Ananthapuri temple to Palarivattom junction has been causing accidents in the area. Pipe bursts and water leak apart from causing water shortage also lead to formation of craters on roads.The various utility cables of BSNL that pass through under the road have also come as hurdle to KWA's efforts. \" The challenge before the KWA is to complete the work before monsoon. \"It will be difficult to continue work during the rainy season,\" said Babu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11658893", "title": "RU college contender for \u2018Centre for Excellence\u2019 status", "text": "JAIPUR: The National Assessment and Accreditation Council (NAAC) has hinted at the possibility of granting the status of 'Centre for Excellence' to the Academic Staff College of Rajasthan University.A team of NAAC had inspected the college early this week. \"After a brief inspection of the course design, course delivery, evaluation of teachers and refreshers courses, facilities and resources for research, we found the college an ideal contender for the status,\" said a NAAC team member pleading anonymity.The staff college is meant to enhance the teaching skills and expand the subject knowledge of teachers by organizing bridge and refreshers courses.The grading agency had never awarded any academic staff college the status until the recent order by the HRD Ministry making it compulsory for academic staff colleges to undergo inspection followed by granting accreditation.\"The Rajasthan University has recently received the status 'Centre for Excellence' by the NAAC team. I am sure that the Academic Staff College insidethe university will also get a positive response from the team,\" an RU official said.This status would mean that the college receives grant and aid from UGC under different schemes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11648830", "title": "Kareena does stunts to impress Saif", "text": "Bollywood star Kareena Kapoor has always maintained that she loves romantic and glamorous roles but she has apparently shed her feminine image and done some real action sequences for upcoming film 'Agent Vinod', produced by her beau Saif Ali Khan .Saif, the central character in the spy thriller, has said his leading lady was initially hesitant in doing stunts but later agreed and she has done a commendable job.Since 'Agent Vinod' is an action flick, stunts are bound to be an integral part of it. Even the promos show hard core action and chasing sequences of car and bikes.\"She (Kareena) had said she does not like doing action but she is very good at it. She has got pretty intense expression when she does it. She was very very good while doing it (stunts),\" Saif maintained.Last year, Kareena had injured herself while shooting in New Delhi for a high-octane stunt sequence for the film.Interestingly, even Saif had a tough time doing action and ended hurting himself quite often.\"As far as me doing action, I thought it would be fun but every inch of my body was bruised and coloured in some amazing purple, yellow blotches...I had not seen something like this ever. I have done everything myself which I am excited about,\" the National Award winning actor said.\"In love stories you need proper timing, I thought action would be easy, but it is not...it is physically very demanding,\" the 41-year-old actor stated.Usually, in spy thrillers heroines are often used as a prop and do not have proper characters, but Saif insists his leading lady has a strong role.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11649056", "title": "Radhika replaces Bhamaa in YB film", "text": "Director Yogaraj Bhatt has zeroed in on Radhika Pandit for his upcoming film...The Star Director, who had previously cast Mollywood actor Bhamaa for his upcoming project Drama, decided to replace her with \"a more mature\" actor because of certain changes he had made to the script. \"It's a wonderful opportunity for me to be part of Yogaraj Bhat sir's project,\" beams Radhika, adding that she's glad to be back onscreen with Yash, her co-star in her debut film. \"Yash and I started our careers with Moggina Manasu, which brought us a lot of fame. Audiences liked our pairing in that film and I'm sure they'll love to see us back together in Drama,\" she tells us.And even though Radhika has heard the reports stating that she wasn't the original choice for the film, they don't perturb her in the least. \"I don't know why Bhamaa is not part of the project anymore and I don't want to know the reason. When Yogaraj sir called and asked me whether I wanted to be a part of Drama, I simply said yes,\" she says.The actor is currently in Goa completing the shoot for Breaking News and has Alemaari lined up for release. But it is another one of her films, Adhuri, which is taking time to be completed. \"The director, Arjun, doesn't wish to compromise on anything. So he's doing it at his own pace. I don't foresee any other reason for the film to get delayed,\" maintains Radhika. Seeing that she has so many films to do, how did she manage to assign dates to Yogaraj's movie so quickly? \"Bhatru had offered me a film before this, which I could not do because of date clashes. But by the end of January, I will finish all my pending assignments. So I will be free to do Yogaraj sir's film in February,\" she says. Contributed by Mahesh H", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11655875", "title": "19.86 lakh voters to exercise franchise", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation has finalized the numbers of voters for the elections slated on February 16 at 19,86,057.The number of voters as per Assembly constituency prepared by the district administration were 19,71,252 up to August 2011. Later, the district administration increased the number to 19,98,402 by adding new voters and also reducing those who died or shifted.After considering objections to the draft voters list, the State Election Commission (SEC) and NMC prepared the ward-wise list.There are 10,22,763 male voters and 9,63,294 female voters for a total of 19,86,057. Of 72 wards, the highest number of the voters are in Airport ward at 44,095, including 22,972 males and 21,123 females, in the Laxmi Nagar Zone. The lowest numbers are in Dipti Singal Ward-33 with 19,382 voters, including 10,441 males and 8,941 females. The Airport ward is the only ward to have three corporators while the remaining 71 will have two corporators.Interestingly, the number of female voters is more than males in six of the 72 wards. Those include RPTS Ward (female 13,427 and male 13,035), Sai Mandir (12,833 and 12,778), Civil Lines (13,178 and 12,831), Rambagh (13,178 and 12,831), Indora (12,132 and 11,674), and Lashkaribagh (female 11,698 and male 11,686).Total 17 wards have over 30,000 voters each, forcing candidates to take extra efforts compared to the remaining 55 wards. Only one ward - Dipti Singal ward - has less than 20,000 voters. The second lowest voters are in Maharajbagh Ward-26 at 20,468 (male 10,427 and female 10,041).As far as zone-wise numbers are concerned, Ashi Nagar Zone in North Nagpur has highest number of voters at 1,92,418 in its seven wards while the remaining zones have six wards each. The second highest number of voters are in Laxmi Nagar Zone at 1,91,389 voters.For the first time, the number of voters has been divided into 12 zones as against earlier 10 zones. The newly formed Shanti Nagar Zone has 1,57,060 voters while the Narendra Nagar Zone comprises 1,84,935.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "11664413", "title": "24 fall ill after drinking contaminated water", "text": "BELGAUM: As many as 24 persons were taken ill after drinking contaminated water in a village in Savadatti taluk, about 70 km from here, official sources said today.The condition of the villagers from Kagdal village, who came down with diarrhoea and vomiting yesterday after drinking the polluted water, is stable, District Health Officer Ashok Murgod said.The incident occurred due to the negligence of some workers who, after cleaning the overhead tank that supplied water to the village, forgot to close of the valve of the distribution pipe, Zilla Panchayat CEO, Ajay Nagabhushan, said.\"As a result, the water containing chemicals which had to be let out, was released into the distribution pipe instead, leading to villagers drinking contaminated water,\" he said.The district administration has assured it would take stringent action against the workers who were responsible for the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11661227", "title": "A dream come true: Priyadarshan", "text": "The Padma Shri recipient says he dedicates the award to his father.The New Year has begun on a high for director Priyadarshan . The veteran filmmaker, who will receive the Padma Shri - India's fourth highest civilian award - for his contribution to the field of cinema, says that there couldn't have been a happier moment in his life. \"Any recognition is always encouraging and pushes you to do more. And when you are conferred with something as coveted as the Padma Shri, especially when you're least expecting the the award, it's nothing less than a dream come true. I consider every success a direction to move ahead and every failure a learning experience,\" says Priyadarshan. Does the director think that the award has come at the right time of his career? \"I never expected to receive the Padma Shri. Every form of recognition comes at the right time,\" he says. Would he like to dedicate the award to someone? \"Yes, to my father. He introduced me to the world of books and got me me to read. Reading helped me explore the world and understand life. I'm glad I got the Padma Shri while he is alive,\" he says. The director, who won the National Award for his offbeat Tamil project Kanchivaram in 2009, believes that the movie was the turning point of his career. \"Kanchivaram turned the tables for me. That's why when I received the National Award for the film, I said that it was my first award ever. It made people look at me as as a versatile director.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11660953", "title": "East UP tribals still bear the burden of poverty", "text": "VARANASI: The tribals in the Maoist-affected districts, including Mirzapur, Chandauli and Sonbhadra of East Uttar Pradesh, seem to have been born with a burden -- poverty. With almost all the major political parties promising special packages for various regions of the state to garner votes, the situation for those living below poverty line in the region is as desperate as was a couple of decades back.Take for example Katwaru, a member of Ghasia tribe in Maoist-affected Sonebhadra district, who and his ilk had performed the traditional Karma dance and attended the lunch hosted by Rajiv Gandhi and Sonia Gandhi at the Teen Murty House in New Delhi on November 24, 1986. Though no positive change has come to these people in the last 26 years, Katwaru, ironically, has preserved the invitation letter for lunch he received from late Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi and Sonia Gandhi as a memento of promises yet to be fulfilled.In May 2010 Katwaru, a native of Raup Ghasia Basti in Robertsganj district, got a chance to meet Rahul Gandhi and remind him about his miseries at a public meeting at Ahraura in Mirzapur, he got only a customary pat on his back. He also wrote to Rahul Gandhi narrating the hardships faced by the Ghasia tribals but nothing came their way.While about 10,000 Ghasia tribals live in various blocks of the district, about 300 of them are concentrated in Raup village. Besides, many other tribes like Agaria, Panika, Bhuiya and Chero inhabit the district. They have no land, and not even safe source of drinking water. Their children do not go to school and they are deprived of even basic facilities. The tribe lost 18 children in 2001-02 due to hunger and malnutrition.Lenin Raghuvanshi of the People's Vigilance Committee on Human Rights (PVCHR), who works in the area, said: \"Besides poverty, these people also face police atrocities and administrative apathy. Like Katwaru there are a number of people living in abject poverty in the Maoist-affected districts of Mirzapur, Chandauli and Sonbhadra. Thousands of people have to sleep on empty stomach as they can't arrange for two square meals a day. The monthly income of a number of BPL families is less than Rs 250.\"While Sonbhadra is known as a power hub with many thermal power plants of NTPC and state government, Chandauli is know as 'rice bowl' of the region. Similarly, Mirzapur is famous for its sand stone and carpet industry.BPL Census-2002 indicates that 4,633 BPL households of the energy-rich Sonbhadra district get less than one square meal per day for major part of the year. The number of such families is 716 and 45,952 in Chandauli and Mirzapur districts. Similarly, 10,241 BPL families in Chandauli, 4,176 in Sonbhadra district and 1,832 families in Mirzapur struggle to meet all their needs in a meager monthly income less than Rs 250.According to records, 97,212 poor households in Sonbhadra normally get one square meal per day, but less than one meal occasionally. Further, 37,589 families get one square meal per day throughout the year, and only 3,055 BPL households have enough food throughout the year.The condition of BPL households in the matter of food security is better in Chandauli than in Sonebhadra. Here 716 families get less than one square meal per day for major part of the year, while 1,484 families get one meal occasionally and 5,279 get one meal per day throughout the year. Majority of such families (108161) in Chandauli get two square meals per day with occasional shortage and 11,331 families have enough food throughout the year.Similarly, in Mirzapur 45,952 families get less than one square meal per day for major part of the year, 81,301 get one square meal per day (but less than one square meal occasionally), 35,199 families get one square meal per day throughout the year and only 8,178 families get two square meals per day with occasional shortage.AVERAGE MONTHLY INCOME OF BPL FAMILIES (In Rupees)Mirzapur Chandauli SonbhadraLess than 250: 1832102414176250-499: 618943068540226500-1499:8260368030597321500-2500:337381583133462More Than 2500:412625615330FOOD SECURITY OF BPL FAMILIESMirzapur Chandauli SonbhadraLess than one square meal per day for major part of the year: 459527164633Normally, One square meal per day, but less than one square meal occasionally:81301148497212One Square meal per day throughout the year:35199527937589Two square meals per day, with occasional shortage: 8178108161757Enough food throughout the year: 13563113313055MEANS OF LIVELIHOOD OF BPL FAMILIESMirzapurChandauliSonbhadraCasual Labour :48176627423698Subsistence Cultivation:472254581155983Artisan:88349901782869Salary:1781450207Others:2656359489(Source: BPL Census-2002 Complete Household Survey Reports. MORD, GOI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11657401", "title": "'Divest Khalap, Faleiro of government posts'", "text": "PANAJI: The chief electoral officer should direct that the law commission chairman Ramakant Khalap and NRI commissioner Eduardo Faleiro should be divested from their posts as both are actively involved in the preparation of the Congress election manifesto despite holding government posts, the BJP demanded on Friday.Addressing the media, Vishnu Wagh of the BJP said the both Ramakant Khalap and Eduardo Faleiro were misusing their government positions and their facilities for the work of the Congress party and both should therefore be removed from their positions with immediate effect.Wagh also alleged that the incumbent St Andre Congress MLA Francis Silveira and his two brothers were distributing mackerels and kingfish to voters in the constituency in a bid to lure them to vote for him. Wagh, who is tipped to be the BJP candidate for St Andre, also alleged that the Silveira brothers were intimidating St Andre voters who attended a massive BJP rally during the party's Jan Sampark Abhiyan.Wagh said that even a false case was filed against one of his supporters, who was taken to the Agasaim police station and threatened. But Wagh along with several local BJP supporters rushed to the police station and apprised the police inspector of the real motive behind the false case, Wagh said, adding that if such harassment to BJP workers is repeated, then the BJP will not keep quiet.Wagh said that the success of the BJP's Jan Sampark Abhiyan is unnerving lots of Congress MLAs in other parts of Goa. The response to the Abhiyan has been very good in Goa especially from the minority communities in the talukas of Mormugao, Salcete, Tiswaddi and Bardez. \"The ground is fast slipping away from the Congress. The people of Goa want change and this is making the Congress nervous,\" Wagh said.Asked about the BJP-MGP pending alliance, Wagh said that while both parties have agreed on principle to the alliance, the finer details of the seat sharing are being hammered out. \"We are fully confident the alliance will happen,\" Wagh said.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "suri", "code": "11658950", "title": "Man shot during train robbery", "text": "SURI: A group of armed goons shot a 38-year-old man who tried to resist them during a looting spree on a passenger train late after midnight on Friday. Sukhchand Sheikh, a labour contractor, was on his way to Jharkhand on the 53075 Up Burdwan-Barharwa passenger when the gang of six struck.With no security personnel around and no one to call for help on the speeding train, the 20-odd passengers in the third compartment sat paralyzed in fear as the armed goons snatched money, cellphones and and any other item of value they could lay their hands on. The 38-year-old Sheikh, who was carrying a bag of cash, was shot when he tried to put up a fight.The rampage, which began after the train left Murarai station, ended when the train stopped at a red signal and the goons jumped out, officials said. A police complaint was registered at Pakur.Firoz Seikh, who was accompanying the victim, said, \"The miscreants threatened us at gunpoint. We handed over whatever we had. Sukhchand had the maximum amount of money, which he refused to give. Suddenly, they shot him and warned us not to raise an alarm. We remained silent till the train reached Rajgram station. All of us work as construction labourers in Chennai.\"Sheikh was taken to a hospital in Pakur, where he was declared brought dead. Ajijur Rehman, Sukhchand's co-passenger, lodged the police complaint. Sukhchand used to take labourers from Jharkhand to Chennai and other states. Passengers claimed the miscreants looted valuables and cash worth Rs 2 lakh.Samir Goswami, CPRO, Eastern Railway, said, \"The passenger identified as Sukhchand Seikh had a ticket from Chennai to Pakur. When the train reached Pakur, passengers said he had been shot. He was shifted to hospital where he was declared dead.\" Asked about security arrangement of these night trains, Goswami said, \"This is a-law-and-order issue that is under the jurisdiction of the Government Railway Police (GRP). They will be able to provide more details.\"The rail route up to Murarai falls under Sainthia GRP station.Milon Kanto Das, SRP, Howrah Division, who visited the area where the robbery took place, said, \"There was no armed guard on this train when the incident occurred. Usually, GRP men remain on duty on trains up to Rampurhat station.\"No arrests have been made yet. GRP officers of Sainthia GRP station and Pakur GRP have started a joint investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11657400", "title": "Sunil Reddy kept changing house to give cops the slip", "text": "HYDERABAD: The CBI court was Friday told that the latest person to be accused in the Emaar scam, N Sunil Reddy, had been hoodwinking the investigative agency's officials by frequently changing house over the last few months and that he had been traced only a few days back.The agency's deputy legal advisor, B Ravindranath, informed the court about Sunil Reddy's elusive ways while seeking his custody for questioning.Special Judge B Nagamaruthi Sarma of the CBI court granted CBI two-and-a-half days' time to question Sunil, from Saturday. The interrogation should be done only by day and the accused should be sent back to jail at nights, the judge said, directing that Sunil Reddy be produced in court by 2pm on Monday.Quoting from the statement given by Tummala Ranga Rao, director of Stylish Homes, an entity that has been named in the case, the CBI's counsel told the court that excess money collected by way of sale of villas had either been given to Koneru Prasad or to Sunil Reddy.The manager of Stylish Homes, AS Rao, was also cited as the person in whose presence these transactions had taken place.\"We have to ascertain, from Sunil Reddy, the destination of all the monies collected by him; to whom has it been transferred, whether he bought any properties with it etc,\" the CBI counsel said.Refuting remarks made by the defence counsel that the CBI was not probing the case from its inception, the agency's counsel told the court that the scam was, in fact, being probed from 2002 onwards.Appearing for Sunil Reddy, senior counsel Susheel Kumar told the court that CBI had not made out any specific case against his client.Ranga Rao, the man whom they have named as witness, was, till a few days back, being cited as a co-conspirator by the very same agency, the senior counsel said. He has not been arrested till now and yet he files an anticipatory bail plea to which the CBI has not even filed a counter, he said.\"Why is CBI not touching Ranga Rao? Why is it letting him go scot free? Why is it not touching the main accused BP Acharya, Emaar of Dubai , MGF or even Stylish Homes, who are responsible for the fraud?\" Susheel asked.Meanwhile, Sunil Reddy has filed a petition in court seeking special prisoner status on the basis of his educational background and for him and his wife being taxpayers. The court would hear the petition on January 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "11658784", "title": "Leno joke: SGPC to lodge protest with US envoy", "text": "AMRITSAR: Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee is planning to give a memorandum to the US ambassador in India to protest against objectionable remarks made by NBC's host of The Tonight Show - comedian Jay Leno .SGPC president Avtar Singh Makkar said Leno's comments on Golden Temple were tantamount to a mischievous act, which had hurt the sentiments of Punjabis, especially Sikhs.He hailed the initiative of US-based Randeep Singh Dhillon and NGO Sikhs for Justice in registering a complaint against Leno with Federal Communication Commission .\"Sikh bodies around the globe should lodge protests with US ambassadors in their respective countries about the deplorable remarks regarding Golden Temple,\" he added.Leno had flashed a picture of Golden Temple during his comedic monologue and termed it a possible summer home of US Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney .SGPC also demanded that Leno should tender an unconditional public apology without further delay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11657285", "title": "GHMC to issue bldg permits online", "text": "HYDERABAD: Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation ( GHMC) commissioner MT Krishna Babu has directed the town planning officials to simplify issuing building permissions, including accepting applications online, in a phased manner. He said the applicants especially for ground + five floors may be given a unique user ID to get the status of their applications.Speaking at a review meeting on town planning issues, the commissioner on Friday said many unauthorised constructions were coming up as there has been no people-friendly mechanism to give building permissions. He directed the officials to put important documents in the checklist for the convenience of public and make the process of granting building permissions user-friendly.Krishna Babu said he would write to the district collector to send the latest town survey and land records ( TSLR) to sort out issues pertaining to permissions on a priority basis.\"People have to make rounds of the offices due to the fault of some officials at the zonal and circle level for getting approvals for buildings,\" the commissioner said and further directed the town planning officials to concentrate more on rejected building applications and cross-check randomly to curb illegal constructions at the beginning itself.According to him, pending BPS applications must be segregated area wise, verifying and taking the services of the head office staff and settle the issues as early as possible.In another review meeting on property tax collections, Krishna Babu and special commissioner Navin Mittal asked the officials to improve property tax collections by fixing targets.The commissioner asked the officials to attach big properties of defaulters and send a message to property owners to clear their property tax dues immediately. He said daily review has to be taken up at a lower-level to achieve the target of Rs 720 crore property tax for the current financial year.Krishna Babu said so far 219 hand-held computers were supplied to bill collectors and the remaining would be issued shortly. He announced that from January 30, both the mayor and commissioner would randomly check implementation of the PPP (Pin Point Programme) and asked the officials to submit their schedules every weekend. The commissioner asked the officials to be present on the field between 7 am and 9 am everyday to supervise sanitation works.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "sirhind", "code": "11658741", "title": "Knives, clutchers, scissors at Rahul rally in Punjab", "text": "SIRHIND: Knives, clutchers, scissors, screw-drivers, lighters, iron rods and batons... Some of these things, unlikely to be found at any political rally, were confiscated by Punjab police officials, while frisking spectators at Rahul Gandhi's political rally here at Dana Mandi on Friday afternoon.However, police were very particular while frisking people wearing black jackets, turbans, caps, pointed shoes and even with those wearing black socks and carrying black wallets.\"We cannot take chances. Besides normal frisking, we are specially focusing on people wearing black clothes or jackets. We are also getting their identity cross-checked from other people present here. We cannot judge what is going on in individuals' minds. So, it is better to double cross-check,\" Arshdeep Singh Gill, deputy superintendent of police (Amloh sub-division), who was in-charge of the frisking team here, told TOI.\"We have also confiscated sharp-edged knives, pocket cutters, clutchers and scissors from people. There is a possibility that someone may try to throw sharp-edged weapons towards the leader or may try to injure himself or other people. We have also got inputs that miscreants may put the pandal or tent on fire. So, we are not allowing people to carry match-boxes, lighters and cigarettes inside the venue,\" Gill said.Police had also forced some people to take off their black jackets and socks, before allowing them entry.Police are taking extra precautions after the shoe-hurling incident a few days back. A youth had thrown a shoe at the Congress general secretary while he was addressing an election rally at Dehradun. However, the shoe fell 10 metres short of the youth leader.Police did not even spare kids coming to the rally venue as they were also thoroughly checked.Teens throng for a Rahul glimpseThey were still in their teens and do not know much about Punjab politics, but that did not stop them from taking a holiday from school and coming to the jam-packed rally grounds in Dana Mandi at Sirhind to have a glimpse of Rahul Gandhi.Braving hunger and thirst, Gagandeep Singh (14) and Devinder Singh (12), who had tied Congress flags on their waists, did not have even an iota of tiredness and were continuously shouting slogans in support of Rahul.There were women, who had brought their minor children to the rally venue, because some of them apparently wanted their sons to become like Rahul Gandhi. \"I have brought my 15-year-old son to the rally. I want him to see Rahul Gandhi. May be he can imbibe some qualities of this future prime minister,\" Satvinder Kaur, a government school teacher, told TOI.Assembly elections 2012 newsPunjab assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11658219", "title": "'Need to ensure better mental health care'", "text": "KOCHI: Experts of psychiatry have called for a better and constructive government initiative in mental health care. At a workshop organized by the Indian Psychiatric Society in Kochi on Tuesday, psychiatrists from across the state asked the government to provide treatment and rehabilitation facilities.According to statistics, 10% of Kerala's population suffers from some kind of mental illness, but the state and families do not have facilities to provide the necessary care. About 120 centres are functioning in the state, but most of them do not have a legally valid licence and qualified personnel. And these agencies do not envisage treatment as their primary responsibility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11658281", "title": "Rohit, crew of hijacked ship, returns home", "text": "KOCHI: Rohit (28) of Triprayar in Thrissur district of Kerala who was one among 21 crew members on board the Indian oil tanker hijacked by Somali pirates on August 20, reached home safely on Thursday evening.The crew and the tanker were released by pirates after protracted negotiations last week, and had reached Salalah port in Oman on Tuesday night. Rohit was flown from Salalah to Muscat by Oman Air and from there to Kochi by Jet Airways , after the necessary medical check-ups, the family sources said.The vessel, MT Fairchem Bogey is being managed by Mumbai-based Anglo-Eastern Ship Management, and it was hijacked while remaining anchored at Salalah port for refuelling.Rohit later told reporters at his home that he and other crew members were initially tortured by the Somali pirates. \"They were giving us food but water supply was very limited,\" he said.The other crew members have been flown back to their respective home towns, he said.Rohit said he intended to return back to work after four months. According to him, the company was very supportive during the periods of captivity and had begun negotiating with the pirates within week after of hijacking.There was drama at the Kochi airport as the officials and media people got to know of the arrival of Rohit only after he had left the airport.Some of them were waiting at the airport even when Rohit and family had reached home in Thrissur district.The crew and the tanker were released last week, and had reached Salalah in Oman on Tuesday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11656569", "title": "\u2018Chaos\u2019 spurs ethical hacking debate", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The annual cultural festival at Indian Institute of Management Ahmedabad (IIM-A), Chaos-2012, seeks to sensitize students and teach them on cyber security this year. In a first, the festival this year hosted a workshop called 'Ethical Hacking' on Friday.The four-day festival began on Thursday with a performance by Amaan and Ayaan Ali. The second day of the festival hosted a series of competition events like fashion shows, rock music, rangoli, gaming and street plays and other, where students from across the country participated.The workshop on 'ethical hacking' received around 40 participants including students from various institutes and IIM-A staff. \"The workshop informed the participants about how hackers work and kinds of loopholes through which they attack or hack a website. \"The idea was to create awareness among the participants. By knowing the ways in which the hackers work, the participants will be able to take measures towards protecting their information and web pages from getting hacked,\" said a student of IIM-A, Mohan Ponnaganti who conducted the workshop.The evening of the second day had the adrenalins rushing in the campus by hosting a professional DJ show by DJ Suketu. The event was followed by a rock music competition called 'Blizzards of Rocks'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11658680", "title": "Jane Austen scores a double ton", "text": "BANGALORE: The 200th year of the publication of Jane Austen's Pride and Prejudice starts today. A book that's vibrantly alive on screen, on tube and bookshelves was published on Jan 28, 1813. That year also saw the publication of Byron's The Giaour and Shelley's Queen Mab. Arthur Schopenhauer published On the Fourfold Root of the Principle of Sufficient Reason.Robert Southey became the Poet Laureate of England.Byron and Shelley live only in English textbooks; Schopenhauer in philosophy courses. Robert Southey is all but forgotten. But Pride and Prejudice continues to fascinate, with soaps and big-screen adaptations de rigueur, even in India. Trishna, one of the earliest serials on Doordarshan, starred Kitu Gidwani as Lydia Gurinder Chadha's Bride and Prejudice (2003) had Aishwarya Rai cast as Elizabeth Bennet. The recent Sonam Kapoor-Abhay Deol starrer Aisha was based on Austen's 'Sense and Sensibility'.Last month, the Baroness of crime fiction, P D James, published Death comes to Pemberley, a fanfic, sequel and homage to her favourite author. She wrote, \"I can well understand the attraction of continuing the story of Elizabeth and Darcy. Austen's characters take such a hold on our imagination that the wish to know more of them is irresistible, and it is, perhaps, not surprising that there have been more than 70 sequels to Austen's novels.\"There have been several film adaptations. The earliest was a 1940 version scripted by Aldous Huxley , starring Sir Laurence Olivier as Mr Darcy and Greer Garson as Elizabeth Bennett. There have been TV serials - three times in the fifties, once in the sixties, once in the eighties (twice, if you count Trishna).The nineties saw what many consider the definitive adaptation - the BBC version with Jennifer Ehle and Colin Firth , the latter getting a wet-shirt scene that was called \"one of the most unforgettable moments in British TV history\". Keira Knightley giggled her way through the 2005 movie adaptation.It's not just on movies and TV where Pride rules. Seth Graham Smith's \"mashup\" combines Austen's characters with \"zombies, ninjas, skunks and chipmunks\". The book was so successful that it hit #3 on the New York Times bestseller list and spawned a prequel and a sequel, as well as another Austen reworking - Sense and Sensibility with Sea Monsters. Philip Jose Farmer set his Evil at Pemberley House at Darcy's and Elizabeth's home. There are versions of the story where Jane Austen meets Barbara Cartland - P &amp; P meets The Sheikh. There is Lizzy the Vampire Slayer and there's Mr Darcy the Vampire. Lizzy becomes Darcy's mistress. Darcy has a new rival.A search for \"Pride and Prejudice sequels\" returns 362 results on Amazon.com .A search for \"Mr Darcy\" returns more than 1,600 results. And all this is published fiction. As for fan fiction, there are around 2,000 stories based on Pride and Prejudice, with stories crossing over with anything from Avatar: The Last Airbender to the X-Men on fanfiction.net alone.In 2009, Marvel comics launched the Pride and Prejudice as a limited-series comic. You can buy a \"What do you mean, Mr. Darcy isn't real?\" T-Shirt or an \"Obstinate, headstrong girl\" (which is what Lady Catherine De Bourgh calls Elizabeth) pajamas. There are \"Mrs Darcy\" mugs and \"Dibs on Darcy\" coasters. PBS.org, of all places, sells Pride and Prejudice T-Shirts - made in Nicaragua .Last year, Reflexive games released Matches and Matrimony, a dating-simulation videogame featuring characters from Austen's most popular novels.However, if you aren't careful in your gameplay, Elizabeth Bennett could end up married to one of the less intelligent characters.Austen has become an industry, 200 years after her death - so much that Alan Moore , the author of Watchmen and V for Vendetta, ranted,\"It seems as if, with the arrival of Jane Austen on the literary map, there was a sudden and unanimous consensus reached within the critical fraternity to the effect that socially realistic parlor-dramas and sparkling comedies of manners were not merely the most lofty point to which all writings might aspire, they were the only form of writing that could be considered genuine, serious literature. Thus, at a sweep, all genre fiction and all fantasy were ruled unclean, consigned to the outlying slums and ghettos past the ivory battlements of literary respectability.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11656547", "title": "Horses, elephants on double shift this Vasant Panchami", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Nandeshwar Mahadev - a temple deity in Shela area would have to ride a camel cart during the temple inception processions (pran pratishtha shobhayatra) on Saturday! The temple's authorities planned an inaugural ritual on Vasant Panchami as it is one of the most auspicious days for good beginnings according to Hindu calendar.But as there are 5,000-odd weddings in city on Saturday as Vasant Panchami is one of the most auspicious days in the Hindu calendar, the bridegroom's closest companions in the baraat (wedding processions) elephants, horses and chariots are to work double time to meet the demands of the marriage market and hence none of them would be able to accompany Lord Shiva.Bookings for elephants, horses and chariots are full. Jagdish Darji of Jagannath Temple, said, \"We have 19 elephants which are booked for various occasions including weddings, Ganesh Puja, sacred thread ceremonies (Janeu Shobhayatra), temple inception processions (pran pratishtha shobhayatra) and other Jain sangh processions.\"Similarly, Vijay Bagiwala, one of the largest suppliers of horses and horse-carts from Saraspur, said, \"The booking for horses and horse carts is full. Fifty wooden and glass chariots, and 60 horse carts and about 500 horses are scheduled to attend four to five ceremonies in one day.\"Since Vasant Panchmi has coincided with a weekend, ceremonies like sacred thread (Janeu Shobhayatra), and temple inception processions (pran pratishtha shobhayatra) are also planned which also add work load to the busy schedule of elephants and horses.All roads lead to marriage venuesAHMEDABAD: Nearly 5,000-odd marriages are scheduled to take place on Vasant Panchmi on Saturday, considered one of the most auspicious days which presents no need to consult a good 'mahurat' to undertake auspicious tasks.Dhiren Shastri, a priest, said that he will solemnize 18 weddings all through Saturday. \"It is one of the busiest days for me where I will preside over 18 weddings. Since Vasant Panchmi is considered one of the most auspicious days, most couples want to tie the knot on this day itself,\" said Shastri.In Arya Samaj Mandir in Raipur darwaza, six weddings are scheduled instead of the conventional one or two during the wedding season. Many NRIs too have planned their wedding on Saturday as Vasant Panchmi has fallen in the month of January instead of February.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "11658851", "title": "Cops arrest five for kidnapped youth's murder", "text": "ROHTAK: A day after the residents of Sankhol village blocked the national highway-10 and waylaid Haryana chief parliamentary secretary Ram Kishan Fauji, who was travelling from Delhi on Thursday, to protest police inaction in tracing the missing youth, Abhishek Kumar, who was kidnapped on January 20 from Sector-6 Bahadurgarh; cops on Friday claimed to have arrested five men for the kidnapping. They said the accused killed Abhishek and burnt his body, as he had recognized one of them.The victim who was a polytechnic student was picked up for ransom. Cops said Abhishek's car was found parked near Asan village three days ago.Jhajjar SP P R Singh told mediapersons that a special crime branch team intercepted a vehicle near Bajghera village in Gurgaon on Thursday. \"The occupants of the vehicle were questioned. They confessed to their crime,\" the SP said.The five men were identified as Ashwani alias Ashu, Pankaj alias Fludar, Praveen alias Monu, Rupesh alias Lallu and Naveen alias Nina; from Bahadurgarh and Sonipat districts. SP said, \"They burnt Abhishek's body near Dariapur village in Delhi to cover their crime.\"Police spokesperson said the five accused were produced before the court, and remanded in five-day police custody. Two pistols and a stolen car were found from them. It is however obvious that the police swung into action only when a VIP faced the wrath of the protesting villagers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11663973", "title": "UP elections: 5th phase nomination process begins", "text": "KANPUR: Nomination process for the fifth phase of Assembly elections in 49 seats spread over 13 districts begins today.The voting would take place on February 23. The districts going to the poll in this phase are Farrukhabad, Kanshiram Nagar, Etah, Mainpuri, Etawah, Auriya, Ramabai Nagar, Kanpur, Jalaun, Jhansi, Lalitpur, Hamirpur and Mahoba.The nomination process in Kanpur district started at 11 AM with Samajwadi Party candidate filing his nomination along with a handful of supporters, officials said.The Election Commission has banned bursting of crackers or loud processions, ADM (city) Shailendra Kumar Singh said, adding that cameras have been installed in nomination filing centres and strict action would be taken against any violations.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "11655554", "title": "Elephant calf dies mysteriously", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: An elephant calf of Moharli gate in Tadoba Andhari Tiger Reserve died of sudden ailment on Friday evening. The three-year-old calf was unwell since Thursday after she developed swelling all over her face.The calf Gauri was born on September 25, 2008 in TATR jungle to Sushila. Her family of three elephants was taken to forage into the jungle in the evening and brought back in the morning by their mahouts. After a similar exercise on Wednesday evening, Gauri was brought back to Moharli gate on Thursday morning.However by evening, TATR staffers found that she had developed swelling on her jaws. Dr Chitra Raut from Nagpur and Dr PD Kadukar from Chandankheda checked the ailing calf on Friday morning.\"She had swelling on both sides of her face extending from ears to lower jaw. Even her tongue had swollen. We gave her medication through intravenous, during which she suddenly collapsed and died,\" said Dr Kadukar. CCF and field director, TATR Vinaykumar Sinha added that she was fine till Wednesday but became restless on Thursday. Dr Kadukar suspected poisoning as the cause of death. Autopsy will be held on Saturday.but said that exact reason would be confirmed after autopsy. \"Gauri had no fever, which means she had no disease. It is likely that some poisonous insect or reptile may have bitten her while she was in the jungle. Possibility of some grievous internal injury in mouth also cannot be ruled out,\" he added.Autopsy will take place on Saturday morning under supervision of Dr Chitra Raut. A team of vets from pathology department of Nagpur Veterinary College has been summoned for post mortem to TATR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11657339", "title": "EC officials acting at Cong's behest: GVP", "text": "MARGAO: Benaulim MLA Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco has charged officials of the election commission and the police with acting at the behest of the Congress party and even accused them of \"acting like agents of the Congress.\"\"While our party workers are harassed by the flying squad members, when our party lodges any complaint against violation of code of conduct by politicians, the flying squad members intimate the accused well in advance that enables them to take flight even before the squad reaches the spot,\" Pacheco alleged while speaking to reporters on Friday.What has particularly irked Pacheco is the alleged inaction on the part of the authorities in taking action on the complaint lodged by his Goa Vikas Party (GVP) with the flying squad on January 18 pointing out that 40 truck-loads of beer were being brought to Goa from Aurangabad. \"I want the Election Commission (EC) to inquire into how 40 truck-loads of beer bottles could be brought into Goa when there are restrictions imposed on wholesalers and retailers selling liquor,\" Pacheco said. The GVP supremo also expressed his disapproval over the failure of the authorities in not taking cognizance of the complaint lodged by his party over alleged distribution of sports materials and electronic goods at a certain place in South Goa last week.Stating that he would write to the Election Commission soon complaining against the flying squad, Pacheco also demanded that the EC look into the matter of transfers of police officers effected immediately after the elections were announced.\"I believe this government understands only one language, the language of agitation. For the last four- and-a-half years, people had to come out on the streets over various issues. But I don't want to bring people on the streets against the Election Commission,\" Pacheco said.The former tourism minister also expressed his displeasure over the restrictions imposed on timing of bars and restaurants as it could affect tourism. \"The government, instead, should have provided enough security to bars, restaurants and eateries,\" Pacheco said.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11658222", "title": "Five injured as drunk driver rams 2 bikes on Beach Road", "text": "CHENNAI: Five people were injured on Thursday night when a 45-year-old man, said to be drunk, drove his car recklessly on Kamarajar Salai and hit two bikes coming in the opposite direction. The mangled car was then hit by an autorickshaw and a bike from behind.Police said the car driver, Ramesh of Ennore was going from Anna Square to Santhome in a Hyundai Santro, when the mishap occurred. The Anna Square traffic investigation police arrested Ramesh who is now in hospital.Around 9.15 pm, police said, Ramesh crossed the median line on Kamarajar Salai and smashed into two bikes coming in the opposite direction. Ajay and Suresh, pillion rider, one bike and Thameem Ansari and Varun, on the pillion, travelling on the other vehicle suffered injuries. Ramesh sustained an injury to the head after he banged against the steering wheel. Another bike and an autorickshaw following the car rammed into the fallen vehicles, police said.Police rushed to the scene and sent the injured five to the government general hospital. \"The car driver is in the intensive care unit at the government hospital and we didn't interrogate him. Though, his life is not in danger, doctors advised us to question him only after he is brought to a ward. We will alter the case as drunk driving after getting the doctor's report and will include the same in the chargesheet filed in court,\" a police officer said.A case was registered under Section 337 (causing hurt by act endangering life or personal safety of others) of the IPC and under Section 184 (dangerous driving) of the Motor Vehicles Act, 1988.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11661175", "title": "VMC to train staffers for capacity building", "text": "VADODARA: The Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) will start training programmes for its employees to prepare them both for the existing and emerging needs of the city. The move is the first of its kind taken up by the civic body for the training of its officials.The need for providing training to employees was felt in wake of the fact that the city has expanding and there were high expectations on infrastructure and development fronts. The officials also need to cope up with modern technology and new methods or functioning styles adopted by the civic body.The training programmes have also been included in the annual draft budget presented by municipal commissioner Ashwini Kumar to the VMC standing committee. It is a rare occasion when such training has been specifically identified and made a part of the budget by the civic body.The civic body will first do a training need assessment of the officials and then identify specific areas where training is needed. Kumar said that this would be a key factor in capacity building of the officials.Through the training, the civic body also aims to reduce its dependence on consultants. Over a period of time despite having several engineers on its rolls, the civic body has depended heavily on consultants when it came to major projects in the city. It spends heavily towards consultancy fees of these firms.Kumar said that in the long run the trained manpower of the civic body could be used for making such important projects. He added that this would bring down the consultancy expenses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "11658849", "title": "Sangay urges Tibetans for worldwide demonstrations", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: Tibetan prime minister Lobsang Sangay has given a call for world-wide vigils on February 8 to express solidarity with Tibetans in Tibet. He also urged Tibetans not to celebrate Losar (Tibetan new year) this time.In his statement issued here on Thursday, he also urged the Chinese authorities to pay heed to the ongoing crisis in Tibetan, with protestors being fired upon and lamas carrying out self-immolations. \"Stability cannot be restored in Tibet through violence and killings of Tibetans. The only way to resolve the issue and bring about lasting peace is by respecting the rights of the Tibetan people and through dialogue,\" the statement said.\"I call on the international community to show solidarity and to raise your voices in support of the fundamental rights of the Tibetan people at this critical time. I request that the international community and the United Nations send a fact-finding delegation to Tibet and that the world media be given access to the region as well,\" said Sangay.Sangay has also called upon the Tibetans to hold traditional prayers and spiritual offerings for the Tibetan friends inside Tibet, facing \"brutal suppression of the Chinese forces\".\"To my fellow Tibetans, I request you not to celebrate Losar, which falls on February 22 this year. However, please observe the basic customary religious rituals such as burning incense, going to temple and making traditional offerings,\" he said.\"Let's send a loud and clear message to the Chinese government that violence and killing of innocent Tibetans is unacceptable! I request everyone to conduct these vigils peacefully, in accordance with the laws of your country, and with dignity,\" the statement noted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11657380", "title": "Ray of hope: Toddler opens eyes, off life support", "text": "NEW DELHI: The two-year-old baby at the AIIMS trauma centre is showing signs of improvement. She is able to breathe on her own for the first time in nine days since she was admitted. She can also open her eyes and there is some limb movement; a sign of slight recovery in the sensory nerve system.The toddler is being fed a high protein diet through a tube, say doctors.The new development has infused fresh energy and enthusiasm in the team of doctors monitoring the baby girl's condition for over a week. \"She was weaned off the ventilator support at around 8pm on Thursday. For the last 24 hours, she is breathing on her own and maintaining oxygenation,\" said Dr M C Misra, chief of the AIIMS trauma centre. He said that a windpipe connection has been created through her neck for oxygen supply through a procedure called tracheostomy.A nurse has been assigned to check on the baby 24X7, Misra added. Hospital sources said that she is being given food rich in protein through a tube and she is tolerating it well.\"We are not sure about the future though. Her cognitive abilities have been badly impaired and there is a risk for sudden deterioration,\" said Dr Sumit Sinha, the neurosurgeon treating the child. He said that when the child was admitted to the hospital on January 18, she was in a coma.\"Her head was badly smashed and there were severe fractures in the arms. The first thing we did was to remove the blood clots in the brain. There were two consecutive cardiac attacks,\" said Sinha.The miracle baby has survived a near-death condition several times in the past nine days and, doctors said, they still hope for hopes her complete recovery. \"NGOs and people who lost their children due to some reasons came forward to offer financial help and even to adopt the kid,\" said the chief of the trauma centre.He said that there is no need for donations now as the child is being provided the best possible treatment free of cost. \"We will contact the volunteers once she is fit enough to be discharged,\" the doctor added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11662344", "title": "CM's escort driver found hanging from ceiling", "text": "GUWAHATI: The residents of the Assam Police Reserve quarters located at A T Road here woke up on Friday to the tragic news of the death of Ranjit Barman (36), an escort driver in chief minister Tarun Gogoi's entourage. Ranjit, who lived in block D of the police reserve quarters was found dead in his house. He was working for the chief minister's convoy for a long time.The incident was reported around 2 am on Friday when Deepika Barman, Ranjit's wife, woke up to find her husband hanging dead from the ceiling in the next room. Both of them had slept in different rooms on Thursday night after a serious quarrel late evening that day.\"He was sleeping in the next room. I woke up at around 2am and I called out to him. When I got no response, I went into the next room and found him hanging by a rope from the ceiling,\" said Deepika Barman, the wife of the deceased.Neighbors said that Deepika and Ranjit had been going through a tough time due to a continued marital discord. \"They had a love marriage which turned sour with the passage of time. I guess there was some issue between them and they often had arguments. When we heard the cries of Ranjit's wife, we went to their house and found him dead,\" said a neighbour.According to residents, Barman went berserk after returning from work on Thursday when he found his wife was not at home. Amid allegations that his wife was cheating on him, an angry Barman confronted Deepika on her return and very soon the fight, which started publicly, moved to the confines of their residence but took a violent turn.\"The police recovered no suicide note from Ranjit's room and are not ruling the fact that there might be another angle to the entire suicide set-up. The postmortem reports and the deceased's organs have been sent to the forensic science laboratory for further detailed investigation,\" said an official of Paltan Bazar police station.The couple have a 6-year-old daughter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "11657508", "title": "BJP 'roadshow' to hit Bardez", "text": "MAPUSA: In order to reap electoral gains in the upcoming assembly elections the BJP's Jana Sampark Abhiyan in Bardez will woo the people working in the unorganised sector. Addressing the press conference in Mapusa on Friday the Bardez MLA's Francis D'Souza, Dilip Parulekar, Dayanand Mandrekar and others informed that the Jana Sampark Abhiyan will enter Bardez on Sunday at Siolim and after 28 halts the Abhiyan will take a night halt at Nerul. The 16 days abhiiyan will culminate with a public meeting at Mapusa.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11657392", "title": "BMC revokes licence of Bandra lounge bar", "text": "MUMBAI: The BMC has revoked the licence of Zenzi, a popular Bandra lounge bar, after the residents pursued the matter in the court.The medical health officer of the H-West ward issued the revocation letter on January 18, more than three months after the licence of the watering hole on Waterfield Road, was revoked on October 10, 2011.Arif Ali, a resident of Mamta building that houses the bar, said, \"The order will deter other establishments, which violate the rules by carrying out alterations in the building or occupy the compulsory open space of the building for business activities.\" Ramesh Dabholkar, manager of Zenzi, said \"We are going to challenge the order as our operations are legitimate.\" A BMC official said, \"We have revoked the licence after an assurance regarding the same was given in the high court in response to a petition.\" In 2009, Ali had listed several grievances in a petition before the Bombay High Court, after BMC officials and the police failed to take any action on his numerous complaints. \"BMC had ignored my complaints regarding the serving of food and drinks in the compulsory open space. It had also failed to take cognizance of illegal alterations, construction of an illegal wall and installation of a gate,\" Ali added.Activist Aftab Siddiqui said, \"An RTI revealed that the H-West ward has the highest concentration of pubs. Such establishments create nuisance for residents.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11656323", "title": "Youth caught for harassing girl in Vastrapur", "text": "AHMEDABAD: \"If you want your mobile phone back, you will have to come to meet me at a hotel,\" was what Sonu Tiwari, 20, offered to Nisha (name changed), 19, daughter of a city-based doctor.Vastrapur police caught the youth with the help of her parents. According to police, Nisha, a resident of Goyal Intercity, forgot her high-end mobile phone at a stationery shop near her residence. When she realized that her phone was missing, she tried to call it up. When she found that the SIM has been changed, she blocked the card.Soon, Tiwari who did not reveal his identity, started calling her relatives and demanded to talk to her. After a couple of times, she refused to take his calls. He then threatened her to meet or else he would release all her private information on internet. \"Her father then approached us. We asked him to set a decoy and told the girl to meet him. When he came at Surdhara circle, we nabbed him with the stolen phone,\" said a police official.Investigators said that Tiwari is a hotel management student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11661562", "title": "Nominations for Assembly elections from today", "text": "KANPUR: The district administration has made elaborate arrangements for the nominations to be filed by candidates of various political parties for Assembly elections.The notifications for the elections would take place on January 28 and nominations will begin from that day. There are ten Assembly seats and the administration is expecting a large number of candidates for the nomination process. The last date to file nomination is February 4.The district administration had made some amendments in system during the nominations. Keeping in mind the heavy traffic at Bara Chauraha and Chetna Hotel crossing in the day, the entry of candidates had been fixed and they would enter the collectorate from Sarsaiya Ghat side instead of Chetna crossing.Barricades have been erected at Chetna crossing and inside the collectorate premises. For nomination, every candidate would be allowed to move to collectorate gate in three vehicles. At the gate, candidate would be allowed to go inside with two persons, including the proposer. After the nomination, the candidate and his convoy of three vehicles would move towards Chetna crossing and from there he could go any where, district magistrate Hari Om said.Entry from Sarsaiya Ghat had been selected as the administration had faced a tough time on previous occasions to control the traffic jam outside the collectorate premises. To control the traffic and crowd of followers of candidates, one SP, two two circle officers, five sub-inspectors and a number of constables would be deployed at the collectorate.In Kanpur, ten Assembly seats are Billhaur (reserve for SC/ST), Bithoor, Kalyanpur, Govind Nagar, Sisamau, Arya Nagar, Kidwai Nagar, Kanpur Cantonment, Maharajpur, and Ghatampur (reserved for SC/ST). The scrutiny of nomination papers would take place on February 6 while withdrawal would be allowed till February 8. Voting would take place on February 23.Om reviewed the preparations in the evening.Nomination proceedings would take place between 11 am and 3 pm before the returning officers and assistant returning officer: 209 Billhaur assembly seat - before SDM Bilhour &amp; block development officer at DM's court; 210 Bithoor seat - before SDM Sadar and block development officer Sarsoul at court of SDM Sadar; 211 Kalyanpur seat - before ACM VI and BDO Shivrajpur at court of ACM VIth; 212 Govind Nagar seat before ACM VIIth and BDO Kakwan at the court of ACM VIIth. 213 Sisamau seat - before ACM III &amp; assistant district registrar, cooperative society at court of ACM III; 214 Aryanagar seat - before ACM IVth &amp; asstt comm. trade tax reg. 1 at court of ACM IVth; 215 Kidwai Nagar seat - before ACM Ist &amp; Distt Agriculture officer at court of ACM first; 216- Knp Ngr Cantonment seat - before ACM II &amp; Distt horticulture officer at court of ACM second; 217 Maharajpur seat - before ACM Vth Knp ngr &amp; BDO Kalyanapur at court of ACM Vth; 218 Ghatampur seat - before SDM Ghatampur &amp; BDO Bheetargaon at court of ADM (finance).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11656220", "title": "Carpenters nabbed for stealing jewellery, cash from Satellite residence", "text": "AHMEDABAD: City police arrested three carpenters for stealing gold jewellery and cash from a residence in Satellite. Cops also arrested a jeweller for buying and melting the stolen jewellery.According to Anandnagar police, Ajit Vats, a bank official residing in Samkit I near Chandan Party Plot had filed a complaint on January 25 about theft of 270 grams of gold jewellery worth Rs 6.75 lakh and Rs 6,000 cash from his residence. He had mentioned that woodwork was going on at his residence. \"When we questioned the carpenters - Ganpat Panchal, Narsinh Panchal and Gopal Jadav- the trio confessed that they had stolen the jewellery and cash from the residence,\" said M S Sindha, inspector of Anandnagar police station.Sindha said that during the work, Ganpat spotted the jewellery box and started stealing a piece a day. Meanwhile they also got keys to another cupboard from where they stole cash and some more jewellery. When Vats needed some cash and opened the cupboard on Wednesday, he found the money and valuables gone.\"Ganpat and Narsinh confessed that they had given the jewellery to Agarwal Jewellers in Manek Chowk. We got to know that the jeweller had melted the ornaments and had made a block. We seized the block and arrested Saurabh Agarwal, one of the partners,\" said Sindha.Investigators said that it was not the first offence for the accused. \"We visited Ganpat's residence and found goods including gold and silver jewellery worth Rs 1.46 lakh. He confessed that some of the goods have been stolen from a residence near Gujarat University. We have informed GU police station officials about arrest of Ganpat and Narsinh for the offence,\" said Sindha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11658081", "title": "Nabinagar power plant's stone laying today", "text": "PATNA: Work for setting up the much-awaited super thermal power station at Nabinagar, which will have three units of 660mw each in the first stage, will finally start after a gap of over one year. CM Nitish Kumar will lay the foundation stone of the project at Shivanpur village in Aurangabad district on Saturday.Bihar's energy minister Bijendra Prasad Yadav, education minister P K Shahi, principal secretary, energy, Ajay V Nayak, BSEB chairman P K Rai and other senior officials of BSEB and NTPC would be present on the occasion.This power plant, being established by Nabinagar Power Generating Company Private Limited (NPGC), could not make a smooth start due to land acquisition issues, especially those related to gair mazarua khas (GMK) land. Soon after the 'bhumi pujan (ground breaking)' ceremony on January 14 last year, local farmers had protested over construction work.Again after four months, 'bhumi pujan' ceremony was held at the construction site following an amicable settlement with aggrieved farmers after announcement of the new GMK policy by the government.NTPC &amp; BSEB had entered into a memorandum of agreement (MoA) on October 14, 2007 to promote a joint venture (JV) company to establish the power project. Consequently, NPGC, a JV company, was incorporated on September 9, 2008 with NTPC and BSEB holding 50% equity each.NPGC is in the process of developing the power project near village Majhiyan and Ankorha railway station in Aurangabad district. Once completed, Bihar will get 70% share in power generated by it, while the balance will go to other states of the eastern region.The project is envisaged to be commissioned during 12{+t}{+h} Plan period. Its first unit is targeted to be commissioned in FY 2015-16 and the other two units at an interval of six months each thereafter.About 2832 acres of mostly mono crop agricultural land has been acquired in eight villages each of Nabinagar block and Barun block in Aurangabad district. The project will source coal from North Karanpura coalfields of Central Coalfields Limited. The Union ministry of coal has given its consent for coal linkage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11658986", "title": "New AC rakes for Metro by August", "text": "KOLKATA: The automated signaling system for the Metro Railway network in Kolkata will become operational in the next three months, railway minister Dinesh Trivedi said in Kolkata on Friday. This will pave the way for more frequent services in the north-south corridor. Eight more AC rakes will also arrive in Kolkata from ICF, Perambur, by the end of July, the minister said.\"My mantra is 'Safety, Safety and Safety'. For this, no effort will be spared to modernize the system. By April-May, the train protection and warning system (TPWS) will be introduced in the Metro Railway. This will ensure that trains stop automatically at red signals even if motormen fail to apply brakes for any reason. The system will gradually be extended to suburban sections as well. The Metro in Kolkata is the mother of all underground railways in the country. We must congratulate the people of Kolkata for keeping it clean. It is also very well-maintained, thanks to the effort of officials. However, there is always scope for improvement. I have ordered the supply of eight new AC rakes to Metro Railway by the end of August. Seven of the existing conventional rakes will be rehabilitated in a phased manner. We have already initiated a global tendering process for advanced new rakes in Phase-II,\" Trivedi said.According to Kul Bhusan, member, electrical, the frequency of metro services will go up once the TPWS becomes operational. During the day, Trivedi, along with Railway Board chairman Vinay Mittal and other Board members, held a review meeting with senior officials of the Eastern, South Eastern and Metro Railway in Kolkata. Mayor Sovan Chatterjee was also present for some time. Trivedi discussed the status of ongoing metro projects with Chatterjee. The minister later said that discussions had been held with the mayor on the shifting of water pipelines and other utilities from under the B T Road. The pipelines are expected to be shifted by the end of August after which actual foundation work will start. Chatterjee told the media that the defence ministry has been sounded out on the shifting of utilities along a 1.5-km stretch. Permission has also been sought from the environment department for felling of trees along a 400-metre stretch.\"An important decision has been taken today to hold review meetings on the progress of the projects in Bengal. These meetings will be held on the 1st and 15th of every month. A coordination committee has been set up I will take care of issues pertaining to Delhi. Issues from the state will be taken care of by Jayanta Kumar Saha, special secretary, transport, Government of West Bengal. At the end of every month, a report will be sent to the ministry of railways. This will ensure that projects are completed on time and funds allotted for them do not lapse,\" Trivedi said.He also wants to improve the safety record of the suburban network in Kolkata. For this, the suburban rakes will be replaced by new ones.\"The Kolkata suburban network has outdone the Mumbai one, so far as punctuality is concerned. The punctuality in Mumbai is 96% while in Kolkata it is 99%. However, we shall not compromise on safety for the sake of punctuality. Mamata Banerjee , the chief minister of West Bengal, is monitoring the projects in West Bengal. After all, all the projects are part of her Vision 2020 document that deals with all issues such as modernisation, safety and Public Private Partnership (PPP). This is like a Bible to us. My job is just to implement the projects in this document. I don't have to do anything more,\" Trivedi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "chhapra", "code": "11657948", "title": "Three feared drowned in Ganga", "text": "CHHAPRA: Three persons were feared drowned in river Ganga near Doriganj in Saran district on Thursday night, when a boat carrying them collided with another boat and capsized. Five others swam to safety.The three persons who drowned have been identified as Saryug Mahto, 55, Kedar Mahto, 38, and Raj Narain Mahto, 40, of Khwaspur Khurd village under Doriganj police station. Sadar SDO Binay Kumar Pandey directed Sadar BDO to press into service divers who would fish out the bodies, but the bodies are yet to be fished out. According to locals, the boat was coming to Doriganj after loading sand and collided with an empty boat going to bring sand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11661891", "title": "Saranya goes nude", "text": "The buzz in the industry is that actress Saranya (who earlier played one of the girls in Peranmai) has gone nude for a scene in Mazhai Kaalam.But a source reveals, \"The film takes place in an arts college and there is a scene in the climax where Saranya has to pose nude as a muse for the artist, who is trying to sculpt a figure. But the entire scene has been shot aesthetically and will appear on screen in the shadow format.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11660875", "title": "Krantikari Samta Party releases poll manifesto", "text": "VARANASI: The Krantikari Samta Party- Jan Sangharsh Morcha released its political manifesto for the upcoming Uttar Pradesh assembly polls 2012 on Friday.Informing media persons on Friday, national convenor Akhilendra Pratap Singh said land reforms and overall development of agriculture sector were the keys to development of the state. The manifesto emphasised on employement opportunities and said the subsidised seeds and fertilisers along with free fuel would be made available to farmers. Panchayat Mitra, Shiksha Mitra and Anganwadi workers and their assistants would be given the status of state employees.The manifesto also guarantees CGHS cards to every person and every child would be given free education from primary to higher level of studies. According to the manifesto, daily wages and other labours employed in different industrial and government institutions will be played through checks. They will be provided with EPF cards, Hazari cards, salary slips and periodic bonus as well. A different reservation quota will be made effective for backward Hindus and backward Hindus, while dalit Muslims and Christians will be given the stature of schedule classes.Election 2012 NewsUP Assembly Election 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11658566", "title": "Get info on courses in UK", "text": "BANGALORE: For all wanting to study abroad, mark these dates on your calendar. Education UK Exhibition 2012, which gives information on undergraduate, postgraduate and research degrees as well as student life and culture in the country, is being held in Bangalore on February 6 at Vivanta by Taj, MG Road, 1pm to 7 pm.Representatives from over 58 UK universities will be present. Entry to the exhibition is free for students. To register, log on to www.educationuk-in.org.The schedule: Seminar on student visas: 2pm to 3pm; MBA or MSc - which is better: 3pm to 4pm; Biotechnology: 4pm to 5pm; Engineering: An upgrade in skill &amp; knowledge: 5pm to 6pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "11658035", "title": "City inching closer to pipeline dream", "text": "KOZHIKODE: It seems that there is hope round the corner for the industrial aspirations of the energy-starved north Kerala. If the Rs 3,100-crore project of laying a natural gas pipeline from Kochi LNG terminal takes shape, Kozhikode will enter the big league of cities with a direct-to-home piped gas distribution network.The 720-km-long Kochi-Koottanad-Bangalore-Mangalore pipeline (KKBMPL) project is being implemented by Kerala Gail Gas Limited, a joint venture project between Kerala State Industrial Development Corporation (KSIDC) and Gail Gas Limited. Currently the firm is in the process of obtaining a right of way from landowners along the 720km stretch. In Kerala, the pipeline would pass through Ernakulam, Thrissur, Palakkad, Malappuram, Kozhikode, Kannur and Kasargod. The work on this is likely to be completed by March 2013. Meanwhile, the work on the 44-km-long first phase of the pipeline from Kochi to Kalamassery is nearing completion.According to KSIDC officials, the company will also bid for setting up a city gas distribution network in Ernakulam in the first phase when the Petroleum and Natural Gas Regulatory Board (PNGRB) issues notification. The proposed network for Kozhikode would provide households with a direct supply of piped natural gas. Further it will free up city-based gas cylinders, which could be used for gas distribution in the rural areas.An earlier notification issued by PNGRB for Ernakulam geographical area got cancelled in November 2011 and a re-notification is expected soon. The gas pipeline will use 2.5 MMTP of natural gas that will be made available after the LNG terminal in Kochi is commissioned for industrial and infrastructure development across the state.A top KSIDC official said the gas network will provide a reliable supply of clean and cheap source of energy. Industrial clusters will also get an opportunity to set up captive gas-based power generation units using the gas feed. \"This is going to be an attractive option for Kozhikode as it has several power intensive industrial units,\" he said.The 720-km-long Kochi-Koottanad-Bangalore-Mangalore pipeline would pass through Ernakulam, Thrissur, Palakkad, Malappuram, Kozhikode, Kannur and Kasargod", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11658539", "title": "Rajini donates Rs 10L to CM\u2019s fund, to return to screen soon", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil super star Rajinikanth on Friday said he would soon be back in action, shooting for his new venture 'Kochadaiyaan'. Talking to reporters after handing over a cheque for 10 lakh to chief minister J Jayalalithaa for carrying out relief measures for cyclone Thane victims, he said, \"I will be back soon. Very soon, the shooting will start.\"The superstar described the meeting with Jayalalithaa, the first since he recovered from an illness, as a courtesy call. The actor fell ill during the shooting of \"Rana\" and flew to Singapore for treatment and recuperation.During this period, Jayalalithaa had called up the actor's family to inquire about his health. 'Kochadaiyaan', directed by his younger daughter Soundarya, will be his first film after recovering from the illness.\"We are planning to start shooting by the end of February, but haven't worked out artists' dates yet,\" Soundarya told TOI. The movie has been generating a lot of interest, largely owing to the fact that it is India's first 3D film shot with performance capturing technology used in films like 'Avatar' and 'The Adventures of Tintin'. It is also Soundarya's directorial debut.The actor's fans are overjoyed. \"We are happy he has recovered now and is getting back to shooting,\" said Rajagopal, secretary of Kalugu Rajinikanth Fans Association, Triplicane. \"There was no release for Rajini sir in 2011 and we have been yearning for a new film after the success of \"Enthiran\" in 2010. But his health is of paramount importance and his recovery has been one of the happiest moments for us.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11656205", "title": "Two aircraft make emergency landing", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Two aircrafts, one a schedule flight and another private charter, made emergency landings at Ahmedabad airport.On Friday, an Orbit Airways Goa-Moscow ORB 9140 flight going fro made an emergency landing after a flyer complaint of chest pain mid-air. The incident occurred at around 8.30 am when the aircraft was about to leave Indian airspace and the pilot sought permission to divert and land at Ahmedabad airport. \"Soon after air traffic control gave permission to land the aircraft due to medical emergency. All the concerned agencies including medical and security were alerted. The passenger, Alexander Ajiekcacap, 38 year old Russian citizen was shifted to Apollo hospital where he is undergoing treatment,\" said a senior airport official.Ajiekcacap was returning to Moscow along with his wife Aepeeba Dereey. In another incident on Thursday afternoon air traffic control got a communication from a private flight pilot, going from Chandigarh towards Mumbai. The charter aircraft, a Falcon-2000 of Indian registration, made emergency landing after its left engine started showing problem mid air. The aircraft had eight persons board, all officials of an European company. The flight remained at Ahmedabad airport for a night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11658243", "title": "Phase one of automated transport system in Feb", "text": "KOCHI: The district administration is set to make Kochi the first city in the country to implement the automated transport system (ATS). District collector P I Sheik Pareeth said the first phase of implementation will begin in the first week of February. Tourists and foreigners coming to the city will be able to access route maps and calculate distance with the help of this system.There are plans to introduce a subscription fees for vehicle owners to avail the service on an annual or permanent basis. The details of the project will be finalized after discussion with the officials of Centre for Development of Imaging Technology (C-DIT), which will be held on Friday. A total of Rs 20 lakh has been earmarked for the project. \"The system will be initially installed at 10 locations in Kochi and if successful it will be extended to other parts as well,\" said Pareeth. Each unit to be fitted in a vehicle will cost between Rs 10,000 and Rs 12,000. Several firms have come up forward for implementing it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11661787", "title": "CSMU to celebrate its 26th convocation day today", "text": "KANPUR: The Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University will be conducting its 26th convocation ceremony on Saturday. The chief guest for the convocation programme would be Narendra Jadhav, member of the Planning Commission and National Advisory Council. Governor BL Joshi would also remain present during the programme in which meritorious students would be given medals and awards.Faiz Fatima, a student of MA course of DG College, has been chosen for the Governor's Gold Medal. Faiz has scored 86.30% marks in MA drawing and painting and is the top-scorer among students. She would also be given Governor's Silver Medal and Governor Medal for being the best student.A total of 11 students, including seven girls and four boys, would be receiving VC's Gold Medal. Also, 17 girl students would be receiving Governor's Silver Medal. A total of 48 students would be given gold medals. Around 1,650 students would be getting their degrees, 405 their PhDs and two students would be given DLit degrees.The information is also available on university's website: www.kanpuruniversity.org.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11658129", "title": "CPT banking on loan to pay wages", "text": "KOCHI: The sanction obtained by the Cochin Port Trust (CPT) to avail loan up to Rs 150 crore from SBI may at best prove to be a temporary relief to the port which is besieged by a host of challenges with implications on its financial health.CPT chairman Paul Antony had earlier said that the port would find it difficult even to pay off its salaries unless the Union ministry of shipping allows it to avail the loan. \"The Rs 150-crore loan would be sufficient to meet the immediate needs. We should be able to use amount for paying off salaries and other requirements. We understand that the ministry has imposed several conditions for availing the loan, though we are yet to know the nature of those terms,'' Paul said on Friday.The port's wage bill was about Rs 120 crore last year. With the commissioning of the International Container Transhipment Terminal (ICTT), Vallarpadam, the port now has to spend about Rs 110 crore annually for maintenance dredging, which is way above the amount of Rs 30 crore it was spending earlier.The CPT is footing the entire bill for the maintenance dredging of the 10.5 nautical mile channel which can now receive vessels with a draft as high as 14.5 metres. The CPT is still hoping that it will receive some grant from the Centre for maintenance dredging as the channel is also being used by other agencies like the Navy, Coast Guard and Cochin Shipyard.The CPT was pinning its hopes on the possibilities of increased revenue from the ICTT. It had estimated that the cargo coming to Cochin port would double from 3.5 lakh containers to 7 lakh containers in the first year of commissioning of ICTT. But the container grow rate has been dismal . The major block in realizing CPT's business plans is the Cabotage rules, which insist that only Indian flagged vessels can remove the international container cargo arriving at ICTT to other Indian ports.Cabotage rules pose major block in realizing CPT's business plans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11658985", "title": "Police team in Solapur to check Mane's past", "text": "PUNE: A day after a magisterial court on Thursday sent rogue driver Santosh Mane (40), a resident of Solapur to police custody remand till February 3 after accepting arguments of the prosecution which sought time to verify whether Mane had any terror links, the Pune police on Friday remained tight-lipped on any such association.\"No comments,\" said additional commissioner of police (crime) Anant Shinde when reporters sought to known whether police had found any leads which indicate that Mane had established contacts with any terror outfit.On Wednesday, Mane had hijacked a state transport bus from Swargate bus depot and gone on the rampage killing eight people and injuring 32 others. He also hit 40 vehicles, knocked over several vehicles that came in its way for about an hour.Ten rounds fired at the bus to stop the driver by the police had no effect. Mane, who criss-crossed the city, had to slow down the bus after two cars that he hit on the road near Sarasbaug blocked any progress. He was then overpowered by people.Shinde said, \"Mane is in a conscious state of mind, but he is not giving details about the mayhem. We have sent a police team to Solapur to find out all his movements in the last 15 days as he is involved in a grave offence. The police team may come across vital information which will be analysed during the investigations.\"\"Police are also collecting information about Mane's work schedule and other details relevant to the case. A relative had come to meet him after he was arrested, but no close family member has turned up,\" Shinde added.Deputy commissioner of police (crime) Rajesh Bansode stated that Mane looks normal, but he has not disclosed the motive behind the horror despite questioning him and added that two police teams were formed for assisting the investigating officer.Assistant commissioner of police (crime II) Rajendrasinh Mohite said, \"A police team had visited Mane's residence at Solapur, but his house was locked. Mane has been with the MSRTC since 1999. The probe has revealed that he had knocked down two-wheelers and cars while he only brushed past luxury buses.\"Police have recorded statements of around 32 witnesses. \"The MSRTC record shows that he had met with a minor accident near Katraj tunnel in 2007. His service record shows that he is a good driver. He was earlier residing at Kalepadal, but at the time of incident, he was at the depot's rest house,\" Mohite added.Mane drove at breakneck speed in the Swargate, Cantonment, Wanowrie, Khadak and Dattawadi police station limits, Mohite added.On Thursday, Mane was produced before judicial magistrate first class V B Bhora. He was not represented by any lawyer, following an appeal made by the Pune Bar Association. Public prosecutor Ujjwala Pawar made a forceful submission before the court that Mane's custodial interrogation was essential to find out his intention behind committing the gruesome crime.Pawar argued that police had prima facie made a case of murder against Mane under section 302 of the Indian Penal Code as he had ruthlessly, mercilessly committed mass murders in a 'diabolic manner'.The prosecution suspected that Mane may be a member of a terrorist outfit and pleaded to send him to police custody remand for 14 days to conduct indepth investigation.She argued that searches were required to be conducted at Mane's residence at Solapur and to find out whether he is in possession of documents and to examine his cellphone records to find out whether he had established any links with terrorist outfits. The court upheld the prosecutions plea and sent him to police custody remand for nine days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11658271", "title": "Residents irked over lack of civic amenities", "text": "NASHIK: The residents staying in slums, apartments and bungalows in areas like Takli, Ramdas Swami Nagar and Upnagar off the Nashik-Pune highway complain of low water pressure, mosquito menace and inadequate bus service.According to most of the residents, the roads are largely good and motorable, but the bus service provided by the Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) is skeletal and residents have to walk upto the Nashik-Pune highway if they have to go to Nashik city or the Nashik Road railway station.A local resident, Pravin Patil is happy with the roads, but complains of lack of connectivity as the bus service is not proper. Every time he has to go to the city, he has to check the timing of the city bus on the route of Takli Road or prepare his mind to walk at least for half an hour to reach the Gandhinagar Bus stop on the Nashik-Pune highway.Patil pointed out that things could have been pretty convenient if there were sufficient buses plying on the Takli Road towards Nashik Road and Nashik city.\"Ramdas Swami Nagar appears pretty dry. Just buildings and roads do not make a locality. The Takli Road can be beautified. The civic administration has put up beautiful dividers near Takli village. If they can put it all across the route, not only will it help get rid of petty accidents but the area would also look good. A few traffic islands will also look exciting,\" says Dr Mahesh Padwal.Local corporator Vijay Ohol says, \"The problem with Upnagar and Ramdas Swami Nagar is that there is no place for further development. Even if you think of bringing a swimming pool or a big library in the area it is not possible. While all the necessary works have been done in the past, the focus for any person getting elected should be on ensuring that the residents do not have any problems pertaining to health and water supply.\"Chandrabhan Gupta of the Upnagar area complained of low pressure in water supply because of which residents have to wake up early in the morning to fill pots to store water.Gupta also pointed out at the growing mosquito menace, lack of regular fogging and a proper pick up shade for bus stop at Upnagar.Meanwhile, rising hooliganism is also a problem in the Upnagar area. Thefts and burglaries too have become order of the day. The slum on the Canal Road too has stopped the development of the area in front of it. Many residents who take this road to reach Jail Road say that they are afraid of incidents like eve teasing and getting looted during the night. People are also frustrated with the menace of stray dogs in the area.There is a demand that either the slum be shifted to some other place or they be given good pucca homes under the government's Gharkul Scheme.The jogging track in Upnagar is also lying vacant with no one using it. People are demanding that the vegetable market on the Upnagar Naka be shifted in the jogging track since no one is using it and the road be made encroachment free.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "11661193", "title": "Entering Surat to get smoother", "text": "SURAT: Crazy traffic snarls that greet you just as you enter Surat from the national highway may soon be a thing of past.The Surat Urban Development Authority (SUDA) has sanctioned Rs 10 crore to widen the roads leading to the entry and exit from national highway (NH) number 8. Besides easing the traffic problems, the broader roads will provide the much-needed direct connectivity to the national highways.The roads will be made 200 feet wide, officials said. SUDA will also make service roads on both the sides making road even wider.Talking to TOI, chairman of SUDA and municipal commissioner Manoj Das said, \"The idea is to give an easy passage to the traffic that enters and goes out of the city.\"At present, once the vehicle enters from Kamrej or Kadodara, 20 km stretch to the centre of the city becomes a tiring journey for the traveller due to heavy traffic and smaller roads. The distance from the city limits to Kamrej junction is 6 km, whereas that of Kadodara is 9 km. Both these roads are high-density traffic areas and more than 20,000 vehicles of different sizes pass from here on a daily basis.SUDA's senior town planner P Dutta said, \"The roads and building department will complete the conversion of these roads into a 200-feet road by the end of financial year of 2012-13 and our work of building service roads will also be over by that time.\"The importance of widening can be gauged from the fact that city at present has more than 18 lakh vehicles and more than 7 lakh of these are either four wheels or bigger than that. The traffic density is likely to be double in another 10 years.Moreover, road commuters form a very large number in Surat unlike Mumbai where railways is the most preferred choice for transportation. But, in Surat and nearby areas, majority of the people from within 30 km to 40 km radius travel by either their own two or four wheels.Broader roads are also necessary in these areas as SMC is starting phase III work of BRTS linking Kamrej and Kadodara this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11658216", "title": "Residents await connectivity with Mattathankadavu Bridge", "text": "KOCHI: For the residents of Mulanthuruthy, Amballur and Udayamperur panchayats, it is a time to celebrate. With the foundation ceremony for the Mattathankadavu Bridge, their dream of connectivity is all set to be come real within a year.\"Once the 50.64 metre bridge gets commissioned, it will be easy to link Ernakulam and the electronic park coming up in Amballur,\" said Mulanthuruthy president Raji Chakravarthy. At present, people of these three panchayats depend on service provided by country boats.State government has provided administrative sanction for utilizing Rs 595 lakh allotted for the project. Kerala State Construction Corporation will build the bridge and it will have two spans of 25.32 metre.There will be separate pedestrian path on either side.\"The bridge will be most helpful for the residents of Amballur. It will open up an easier way to reach Paravoor. This will facilitate the development of Pallithanam junction,\" said Amballur president Kuriakose.Udyamperur president Ajitha Salim said people from Amballur could come down to Udayamperur and then head to Ernakulam. Though there are alternate routes which connect these panchayats on the Thripunithura -Vaikom route, it will cater to the needs of people from regions like Perumbally.Currently, people of Mulanthuruthy, Amballur and Udayamperur panchayats depend on service provided by country boats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11658244", "title": "Varsity centre works on apps for Tamil", "text": "CHENNAI: Despite the government's effort to promote Tamil, the language has not found favour with the tech-savvy younger generation in the absence of a common Tamil computing platform.That might change with the SRM University working on applications that identify the grammar and structure of Tamil as a computing language as many applications do with English and some other foreign languages.L Ramamurthy, research director of the Central Institute of Indian Languages (CIIL), Mysore, is training a team of 100 computer experts and language scholars from Tamil Nadu, Malaysia and Sri Lanka at the Tamil Academy of SRM University for the project.The software engineers are being given lessons in Tamil to develop the computing language, while the language experts will review the applications they come up with.One of the major challenges in developing computing application for Indian languages has been that those with technical expertise are trained only in English.\"Our idea is to make Tamil as easy a computing language as English,\" said Ramamurthy. Though there are a few basic software applications that allow users to produce text files in Tamil, they have not been able to identify the grammatical and structural nuances of the language like, say, MS Word does for English.This is because the existing applications are limited to display of fonts and not intelligent analysis of the content. \"We have developed hundreds of fonts that have given rise to many websites and news portals in Tamil, but Tamil computing, in its wholesome sense, has not yet come of age in the absence of localized technologies,\" he said.Once developed, the new platform may offer high end services including voice recognition and data conversion in Tamil. This would find applications on mobile and other modern gadgets, besides taking computing to villages.SRM University vice-chancellor M Ponnavaikko said the Tamil Academy, which conducts computational Tamil certificate courses is in the process of developing Tamil software.\"We are looking at a wide range including speech technology, language technology, internet Tamil and computational linguistics,\" he said.The Tamil Virtual University of the state government has also been working on Tamil computing for quite sometime. The virtual university system provides internet-based resources for Tamil users to learn history, art, literature and classical Tamil culture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11657802", "title": "Unidentified miscreants set bike on fire", "text": "HYDERABAD: In yet another incident of arson, a bike parked inside a house was set ablaze by unidentified persons in the sensitive Madanapet police station limits early on Friday.Madanapet police said that one Sardar, who had parked his two-wheeler inside his house in Muntaz colony, had the vehicle set on fire at around 4 am by unknown miscreants who used kerosene for the purpose.\"By the time the owner of the two-wheeler realised that his vehicle had been set on fire, the bike had already got partially burnt.\"It looks like the incident is a fallout of a personal rivalry,\" Madanapet inspector KN Suryaprakash said.Police have registered a case under section 435 (mischief by fire or explosive substance with intent to cause damage) of the Indian Penal Code.Meanwhile, three persons have been apprehended by South Zone police for their alleged role in two previous incidents of bike burning in Madanapet.Police are tight-lipped about the matter as the interrogation in the case is still on. The three youngsters, it was learnt, are residents of Mandanapet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11657527", "title": "PMO asks ministries to cut out flab in report cards", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Prime Minister's Office (PMO) has asked ministries to cut out the flab while submitting their monthly report card on progress in the thrust areas that Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has identified to be the core of the UPA-II's agenda in 2012-13.A case in point is the directive to the coal ministry that seeks a monthly report card in the form of a \"running note, not exceeding 500 words\". Information, including additional inputs, may still be furnished in tabular format, which is a favourite with ministries and government departments.The emphasis on the running-note format and the cap on the number of words is aimed at bringing about brevity in reporting progress. Ministries and government departments prefer the tabular format that is often not easily understood by everyone appear to bury bottlenecks or points of failure and does not give adequate explanations.The PM had ordered monitoring the progress of key government and public sector programmes on a monthly basis after a mid-term review in December. According to the directive that followed, ministries handling the thrust areas have to post their updates on the government website on the third day of each month.As earlier reported by ToI, the PM would be presented a consolidated monthly report by the 12th of every month. The PM's directives in respect of each of the thrust areas would then be communicated to the ministries/offices concerned, and followed up by the PMO officer handling matters concerning a particular sector.The thrust areas include the Lokpal Bill, electoral reforms, gram nyayalayas, proposed public procurement law, land acquisition, climate change missions, recommendations of administrative reforms commissions, malnutrition, skill development training, follow-up on Sachar Committee recommendations, health insurance coverage, cold chain infrastructure for agriculture, implementation of NHDP, coal distribution and fertilizer sectors as well as programmes for northeast and Jammu and Kashmir.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11658007", "title": "Govt wants your views on low-cost housing scheme", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government has issued a notification inviting public objections and suggestions to its decision to make builders compulsorily reserve 20% of a plot measuring more than 2,000 sq m for public housing. Such tenements will be used to house the economically-weaker section (EWS) and the low-income group (LIG).Under the proposed regulation, developers will hand over plot/ready flats to the Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority (Mhada) at construction cost. The houses built for this purpose should not be over 27.88-45 sq m in carpet area. Both the land and the built-up area will be sold to Mhada or any other designated public authority at an affordable rate.\"In case of built-up area, it will be bought at the construction cost. In order to compensate the developer for the land cost, affordable housing will be included in the floor space index (FSI) computation,\" said a senior state government official.To avoid delays, Mhada has decided to buy the plot or flats within three months. If the housing board doesn't wish to buy the flats, the developer can sell them in the open market, said officials.The proposed scheme is expected to be opposed by developers, who argued that it is not a feasible option. \"The policy is lopsided. As per civic planning norms, we are not required to provide a recreation ground if the plot area is less than 2,125 sq m. Now, if the plot area is 2,000 sq m, we have to compulsorily etch out 20% for EWS/LIG housing,\" said a developer.According to developers, the proposed rule will pose major implementation problems. \"On one hand, the government wants us to submit comprehensive rule-proof building plans for approval. How can developers finalize building plans when there is no guarantee under the proposed rule that Mhada will purchase this flats,\" asked a Maharashtra Chamber of Housing Industry member.Developers further pointed out that combining low-income projects with luxury apartments will not be commercially viable as low-income buyers will find it hard to pay for high maintenance charges. \"The developer will get stuck if there is no market for these single room flats,\" he added.The proposed regulation does not allow developers to amalgamate affordable tenements or land to prevent any misuse of the policy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11661716", "title": "Shah Rukh Khan turns choreographer!", "text": "As the host of the recently concluded 'Zee Cine Awards 2012'in Macau, Shah Rukh Khanwas neck-deep in rehearsals through the entire course of the two days that led up to the awards ceremony.So determined was Shah Rukh to put on a stellar act that he practically skipped his meals, let go of his sleep and rehearsed non-stop till 7 30 AM on the very day of the awards show, only to rehearse again by 10 AM and be ready for the press conference by 11 AM.Even after the awards soiree drew to an end well past midnight, there was a small segment that remained to be shot with Shah Rukh requiring him to dance to his popular chartbuster Chammak Chhallo . The thorough professional that he is, Shah Rukh delivered the goods without as much as raising an eyebrow. In fact, insiders reveal that it was he who coached choreographer Shiamak Davar's troupe on the steps since the song sequence in question was from his film Ra.One and he was better acquainted with the steps.A source revealed, \"After the awards ceremony was over around 1:30 AM, we still had to shoot the Chammak Challo act with Shah Rukh and since it was meant to be one of those impromptu jigs, it was not entirely choreographed and rehearsed. Besides, as a team, we had not performed Chammak Challo in the past. So, planning the steps and shooting the act could well have turned into an all night-ordeal.Thankfully, Shah Rukh saved the situation. Chammak Challo, being an act he has performed to several times over, SRK took over the mantle of choreographer and showed us the steps. With his intervention, we were able to miraculously wrap up by 4 AM. He turned out to be such a God send! He even sweetly hugged all the dancers at the end for having stayed up so late to shoot.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11658936", "title": "Lawyers end protest as govt agrees to pay compensation", "text": "JAIPUR: Lawyers ended their protest against the state government on Friday after the district administration agreed to pay compensation of Rs 5 lakh to the family of an advocate who committed suicide allegedly due to police harassment.The administration is also believed to have assured the lawyers that it would \"sympathetically \" consider their two other demands related to providing a government job to the kin of the deceased and withdrawing police cases registered against their colleagues during the protest on January 11.The Bar associations in Jaipur had been boycotting judicial works in the high court and the subordinate courts since January 11 when one advocate Murlidhar Yadav (32) committed suicide by jumping into a dry well near his house in a village near Samod, nearly 75 km from here. Following the lawyers' protest, the litigants were forced to argue their cases before the judges and presiding officers in the courts without any legal assistance.The All Rajasthan Advocates ' Sangharsh Samiti said on Friday that the Jaipur district collector gave a written assurance to grant Rs 5 lakh compensation and a government job to the widow of advocate Yadav. The samiti released a statement saying that the collector also assured that final reports giving clean chits to the accused would be filed in the \"false cases\" registered against lawyers during the protest.Jaipur-based Bar associations, which alleged that harassment by the police drove Yadav to commit suicide, had threatened on Wednesday to spread the protest to all parts of the state from Friday onwards, as until then the state government was reluctant to consider their demands. The protest gained momentum on Wednesday when the chairman and the members of the Bar Council of Rajasthan - the statutory body of lawyers - supported the cause in their individual capacities.Yadav was facing criminal charges like attempt to murder over a property dispute and was arrested by the city police twice in October last year. He was released on bail within days after his arrest. At the directions of the high court, the CBI is investigating on what led to the death of advocate Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11662366", "title": "Saraswati Puja preparations on course in city", "text": "GUWAHATI: In India, there is a god or goddess for every virtue and every cross-section of society, including one who is attributed with having and spreading wisdom - Saraswati - and is widely worshipped by students all over the country.With Saraswati Puja right upon us - it will be celebrated across the country on January 28 - the city's youngsters, educational institutions and idolmakers are neck-deep in preparations. In most schools and neighbourhoods, Saraswati Puja is an all-students affair, with young people coming together to arrange the puja, right from the idol to the pandit and the sundry items required for the puja and the accompanying khichuri bhog.In Handique Girls' College, preparations were on in full swing and the excitement was palpable. Suchitra Deb Barman, a student of the college, said, \"Saraswati Puja is a big occasion for the student fraternity and all of us look forward to it. We celebrate the puja at my college and I am very excited.\"Another Handique student, Anindita Das, said this time the girls are a bit tensed as their exams will be starting soon. \"Saraswati puja is a very big event as students from different colleges and schools visit our college and the whole atmosphere is very festive. Ex-students also visit the college on this day This time we have also arranged for a retired teachers' meet,\" she said.Though students are excited about the puja, the unusually high prices of commodities is a cause for concern for the organizers.Priyanka Gogoi, one of the organizers of the puja at Cotton College, said, \"This year we had very little time to collect money for the puja as the college was closed for Magh bihu and most of the students had gone home. We got around Rs 12,000 from the college authorities this year and we have to manage within this amount. The cost of the idol itself is around Rs 3,000, and there are other costs as well, so we have to work on a tight budget.\" The students of Cotton College will also use the occasion to unveil their wall magazine, she informed.Tannisha Das, a student of B Borooah college, said, \"The price of a big idol could be anything between Rs 5,000 and Rs 6000; besides, there are other expenses as well. The prices of all commodities have gone up, putting us on a tight budget. I hope we can manage with the budget we have been given.\"But while students are worried about increased prices, this is a time for the city's idol makers to rake in good profits. Manik Paul, an idolmaker near Lachit Nagar who was seen giving finishing touch to idols of the goddess, said, \"During Saraswati Puja, we get orders from schools, colleges and even local clubs. For the last few days, the weather was unpredictable and there was very little sunlight, so we were worried whether the idols would dry on time. But the weather gods have been kind to us and out idols are ready for the puja on Saturday.\"Besides praying to the goddess to bestow them with wisdom, students often make use of the occasion to organize school and college reunions. So, even past pupils are excited as they plan to visit their alma mater during Saraswati Puja. Mridul Purkyastha, an ex-student of Cotton college, said, \"I passed out many years ago, but whenever I am in Guwahati during Saraswati Puja, I drop by at my college hoping to see some familiar faces, which I do end up seeing. Usually, I don't inform my friends beforehand as I like to surprise them. I am planning something similar this time as well.\"He adds, \"Earlier, when we were in school, we used to wait eagerly for Saraswati Puja as this was the only day in the entire year our parents wouldn't nag us to study. It's a day dedicated to the goddess and reserved for pure fun. I have special memories of many Saraswati Puja and this day always makes me nostalgic. I hope tomorrow dawns bright and sunny so the young people of the city can enjoy the puja to the hilt.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11658057", "title": "It's elimination round for Strikers", "text": "KOCHI: Many of them have attended elimination rounds of reality shows as judges. This time the situation will be slightly different for the film stars playing Celebrity Cricket League (CCL) for Kerala Strikers. In the 'elimination round' to be held today, the stars will be in the shoes of candidates keenly waiting for the judges' decision.It is a tiresome job for the selector to make the final pick of 14 from the 19 players who have been part of the team ever since the practice session and friendly matches started three months ago. \"It's a difficult job for me. But I have to do it,'' said Pankaj Chandrasenan, coach and selector of the team. \"The all-round performance and fitness of the players will be crucial. I will have to keep the balance of the team in mind while selecting,'' he added.Selecting the final XI for each match will also be a difficult job for the selector. Rumours are doing the rounds about whether the 'stars' will play or not. \"Those who were not regular at the practice sessions may not figure in the team. But the organisers will have to ensure that the charm of celebrity cricket is not lost. So, keeping out prominent stars will not be a good idea. But I am sure, Unni Mukundan, Bineesh Kodiyeri,Vivek Gopan, Manikkuttan and Rajiv Pillai will be in the team. They play well,'' a player said.Mohan Lal and Indrajith are the captain and vice-captain. Others in the team are Prithviraj,Boban Kunjacko, Bala, Saiju Kurup, Manikuttan, Unni Mukundan, Vinu Mohan, Bineesh Kodiyeri, Prajodh Kalabhavan, Munna, Nivin Pauly, Vivek Gopan, Rajat Menon, Rajeev Pillai, Asif Ali, Riyas Khan and Nikhil. In the first match the team will take on Chennai Rhinos in Hyderabad on January 21. The next day Kerala Strikers will play Mumbai Heroes in a home match in Kochi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11661309", "title": "CBI files chargesheet against Ekka", "text": "RANCHI: The CBI on Friday filed a chargesheet against former state rural development and tourism minister Enos Ekka in disproportionate assets (DA) case. The chargesheet was filed in the court of special CBI judge N N Sinha.The CBI has charged the former minister of amassing around Rs 16.82 crore by misusing his office during his five-year tenure. Initially, he was a minister in the Arjun Munda government and then toppled his government to join the Madhu Koda cabinet in 2006.CBI SSP R C Chaudhary said seven persons, including Ekka, have been chargesheeted in the case. The other accused are his wife Menon Ekka, his friend Deepak Lakra and relatives Jaikant Bara, Gidiyon Ekka, Roshan Minz and Abraham Ekka. \"During investigation, we found that actual income of Ekka from all known sources of income was around Rs 2.9 crore and his expenditure was Rs 3.79 crore, which was more than his known source of income,\" said Chaudhary. The period of assessment was from March 10, 2005, to March 31, 2009.Records show that his total worth on March 10, 2005, was just Rs 92,827. It increased to Rs 16.82 crore by 2009 including assets generated by Ekka Construction that was managed by his wife. \"We have found evidence that Ekka invested ill-gotten money in house, land, poultry and dairy business, fixed deposit in bank and tea gardens,\" said Chaudhary, adding that he had three tee gardens in Jalpaiguri in West Bengal.He also had three flats in Ranchi, one in Gurgaon and two houses in Simdega. Apart from this, he has a poultry and dairy farm worth Rs 2 crore at Oremanjhi in Ranchi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11661746", "title": "Hooch claims life of three members of family", "text": "KANPUR: A man, his brother and son died on Thursday morning after consuming spurious liquor at Narainpur village, in the limits of Maharajpur police.They were farmers in the Katri region, situated on the banks of Ganga. The three consumed cheap liquor at a shop on Wednesday night and fell unconscious on reaching home. The dead persons were identified as Putan Kewat (65), his younger brother Uma Shanker (45) and son Rajendra Kewat (30).Putan's other son Shiv Prasad found the three lying in an unconscious state on Thursday morning. He and other villagers rushed them to Lala Lajpat Rai Hospital, where, Putan was declared brought dead upon arrival while Uma Shanker and Rajendra Kewat died during treatment. \"Condition of three deteriorated in the morning. They complained of stomachache and started vomiting,\" Shiv Prasad said.The bodies were shifted to the mortuary to ascertain the cause of death.\"The police are trying to identify the persons from whom they had purchased spurious liquor,\" said a police official.Deputy election officer had asked the departments concerned to order an inquiry into the incident.Meanwhile, with elections round the corner, the banks of river Ganga (Katri region) are proving to be a favourite hideout for illegal countrymade liquor manufacturers to set up breweries. A major stretch of Katri area comes under several police stations of Kanpur and Unnao and the dispute over jurisdiction comes as a blessing in disguise for the manufacturers of 'kachchi daru' (country-madeliquor).DIG Rajesh Rai said that a drive against illicit liquor sellers and manufacturers is continuing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "cadenza kantori (member of the international federation of pueri cantores) will present 'milan", "code": "11657336", "title": "Concert of sacred music", "text": "Cadenza Kantori (Member of the International Federation of Pueri Cantores) will present 'MILAN: Two Cultures... One Voice', a concert of sacred music, featuring Cadenza Kantori, India (conductor: Celeste Cordo) and Don Diri Don, Poland (conductor: Dariusz Walczukiewicz) on January 28, at 7pm, at St Inez church, Panaji. Entry is free. The event is supported by Furtados Music.TAG's dance competition: The choreographic dance competition on Konkani songs organized by Tiatr Academy of Goa will be held on January 28 from 10am onwards at the Goa state museum auditorium, Patto Plaza, Panaji.Konkani book release: A Konkani book 'Vovllam', written by Aravind Bhatikar, will be released by former chief election commissioner of India N Gopalaswami at a function to be held at Ravindra Bhavan in Margao at 5.30pm on January 28. Shashikala Kakodkar, ex-chief minister of Goa, will preside over the function. Auduth Timblo, chairman of the Fomento group, and advocate Uday Bhembre will be guests of honour.Aldona consumer forum meet: The Aldona civic and consumer forum will hold its monthly meeting on January 28, at 4.30pm, at the St Thomas Girls High School. Topics to be discussed include road safety, approaching consumer conciliation committee, and nutrition for children - midday meal.Science Fair on January 30: Don Bosco High School, Panaji, will organize a 'science fair' as part of the celebration of the feast of Don Bosco at the Oratory hall from 8.30am to 1pm. The theme of the fair is 'Igniting minds for a better tomorrow'. The first session at 9am will be by Zenia Telles on safe use of medicine. The second session will begin at 10am on kitchen gardening by Orlando Rodrigues, followed by a session on medicinal plants by Fr Inas Almeida at 11am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11658103", "title": "'Promote independent initiatives of researchers'", "text": "KOCHI: Independent initiatives of researchers should be promoted to achieve desired goals in higher education sector, said professor V N Rajasekharan Pillai, executive vice-president, Kerala State Council for Science, Technology and Environment (KSCSTE). He said it would encourage the researchers to take risks to achieve desired goals.He was inaugurating the two-day national conference on current trends in chemistry (CTriC 2012) organized by the department of applied chemistry, Cochin University of Science And Technology (CUSAT) in Kochi on Friday.About 150 participants are attending the conference which discusses various topics related to chemical sensors and biosensors, organic and inorganic hybrid materials, nanomaterials and supramolecular chemistry and organic and macromolecular chemistry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11661852", "title": "No film with Ameer: Srikanth", "text": "Srikanth is amused by rumours that he will be doing Ameer's next film after Aadhi Bhagavan.Talking to us from Kerala, where he is shooting for a Malayalam film with Prithviraj, the actor clarifies, \"I had met Ameer sir at a function and he told me that he liked the script that his associate Aslam has in mind and that it would be a challenging role for me. I listened to his advice and that's how I signed Paaghan. Ameer and I haven't discussed anything about doing a film together!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11657912", "title": "HC permits jallikattu during church festival", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras High Court has granted permission to conduct jallikattu on the occasion of St Anthony's festival at Kosavapatty village in Dindigul. On January 12, the bench had granted permission to conduct jallikattu events only in Madurai, Trichy and Sivangangai.On behalf of the villagers in Kosavapatty, one A Arul Raj in his petition said that for centuries the villagers have been celebrating jallikattu on the eve of St Anthony's festival which falls in the month of February. This year, they are planning to hold the event on February 10.Though the villagers submitted a representation to the Dindigul district collector to grant permission, no effort was taken in that direction. Now, they came to understand that since the earlier court order permitting to conduct jallikattu has not included Dindigul district, the collector was reluctant to grant permission for the event. Hence, the present petition.When the matter came for hearing before Justice Chitra venkatraman and R Karuppiah, it was submitted by the petitioner's counsel that the event was conducted in the village abiding all conditions put forth under the Tamil Nadu Jallikkattu Act, 2009.The judges said the earlier order, which was passed on January 12 was also applicable for this petition.Meanwhile, the bench directed K P Narayana Kumar, the petitioner's counsel to serve notice to the respective counsels of the Union and state governments and the Animal Welfare Board of India on a petition challenging a provision of Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act, 1960, which empowers the Centre to notify any animal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11659172", "title": "Ravanan\u2019s role in party under scanner", "text": "COIMBATORE: Though M R P Ravanan, 52, was arrested on a cheating and criminal abduction case filed by a civil works contractor from Sirumugai, police sources reveal that his interrogation focused more on his alleged rent-seeking activities in the region in the past decade.Police in West Zone, according to sources, are investigating if Ravanan used his proximity to his relative Sasikalaa to amass wealth and who he shared it with. Ravanan was expelled from AIADMK as part of a state-wide action to cleanse the party of people considered close to Sasikalaa.According to sources, police are also probing his links with former minister S P Velumany, who was dropped from the ministry on Thursday and from the leadership of the party's Coimbatore rural unit. Ravanan was rumoured to have collected money from prospective candidates during assembly and local body elections. Sources said Ravanan denied all the allegations during interrogation.A police team including Coimbatore city police commissioner T P Sundaramurthy, who also has the charge of West Zone IG, rural SP E S Uma and Tirupur SP V Balakrishnan, are interrogating Ravanan. AIADMK sources revealed that cadres have been asked by the party leadership to file complaints related to sale of party nomination against Ravanan.Ravanan, who ranked low in the official party hierarchy and lacked mass base, had emerged a power broker in western Tamil Nadu since AIADMK won office last year. Even senior leaders had to wait outside his residence near Andal Marriage Hall at Ramanathapuram for hours to convey their messages to the party chief and chief minister J Jayalalithaa through him. His power stemmed from the free hand he had in selecting candidates for the assembly and parliament elections.Ravanan nurtured only those leaders who were loyal to Sasikalaa, according to party sources. He, reportedly, had the ear of Jayalalithaa, who cleared by his choice of candidates. Those leaders who failed to be in the good books of Ravanan were denied party nominations.Ravanan's influence in party affairs came to the fore when a little known councilor was chosen for the post of deputy mayor in Coimbatore Corporation. Despite many party activists lobbying for the post, Ravanan had his way. Of course, the deputy mayor too lost his post in the wake of Sasikalaa's ouster from the party. His interference in the choice of mayor and deputy mayor for Erode Municipal Corporation also created a flutter in the party there.Always a behind-the-scenes man, Ravanan played a major role in posting and transfers of officials. A native of Mannargudi, Ravanan settled in Coimbatore where he was worked as an agriculture officer after completing MSc in Agriculture from Tamil Nadu Agriculture University. He resigned the job when Sasikalaa gained influence in the party organisation. His influence in the party in recent times was deemed to be more than that of local satraps like K A Sengottayan, S M Veluchami and Pollachi Jayaraman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "11657779", "title": "Trichy railway division earns 28% revenue", "text": "TRICHY: The Railway Board has sanctioned the doubling of 48-km line between Trichy and Thanjavur and has allotted Rs 190 crore to the Tiruchirapalli Division in the supplementary railway budget of 2011-12. Announcing this on the sidelines of the Republic Day function on Thursday, divisional railway manager P V Vaidiyalingam said the track doubling work between Valadi and Kallakudi Palanganatham on the Trichy -Vridhachalam - Villupuram section would also be ready by March, as the work was progressing on a war-footing.Talking to TOI, Vaidiyalingam said that such progress was possible because of the robust performance of the division that helped Southern Railway surpass the target, particularly in the field of freight loading. The division handled 7.5 million tonnes of freight in the first three quarters (April to December) of this financial year, more than the 5.8 million tonnes achieved for the corresponding period during the last financial year. As such, the earnings of the division had gone up to Rs 441 crore from last year's earnings of Rs 353 crore, an increase of a whopping 28%, he said. Out of this increased earnings of Rs 88 crore, Rs 72 crore was earned from freight alone and Rs 16 crore accrued from the passenger segment.Though the recent bus fare hike by the state government contributed to a great deal to the congestion as well as additional revenue to the railways by way of ticket sales, the DRM clarified that it was not the single most factor. \"The conversion of the Chennai Egmore-Tiruchendur weekly train into a daily service, the introduction of an express train from Mannargudi to Chennai via Thanjavur and a daily passenger from Mannargudi to Tiruchirappalli added to the boost in the ticket sales,\" said Vaidiyalingam.On the infrastructure development of the division, the DRM said that the two new line projects of Mannargudi - Nidamangalam and Nagore - Karaikkal have been commissioned and added to the system in this financial year itself. He further added that the gauge conversion between Mayiladuthurai and Tiruvarur was nearing completion and a similar work between Tiruvarur and Karaikudi would be taken up soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11658105", "title": "You can't take the Gulf out of a Malayali", "text": "KOCHI: Though Kerala boasts of a high education rate, 19,738 persons who have not cleared their tenth standard exams have migrated to various Gulf countries in search of menial jobs in 2011. The data with the Kochi office of Protector of Emigrants (PoE) office reveals that all 19,738 applicants got emigration clearance to go on job visas to eight countries in the Middle East and one in Asia.As per rules, emigration clearance is required for those people who do not have a minimum qualification of Secondary School Leaving Certificate (SSLC). According to PoE office, United Arab Emirates (UAE) was the most sought after destination for the SSLC failed. As per official figures (2011) 7,503 persons chose UAE while 4,257 people opted for the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (KSA) and 2,839 persons went to Kuwait . Other countries favoured by this group are Oman (2620), Qatar (1236) and Bahrain (1126).PoE officials said Iraq , Lebanon and Malaysia recorded less number of emigrants from Kochi. While 152 persons flew to Iraq, four persons went to Malaysia and one went to Lebanon. Officials said that the rush intensifies only in June, July and August.\"There are 200 registered overseas manpower recruitment agencies under the PoE Kochi office, which have jurisdiction from Kasargod to Kottayam. Of the 19738 persons, nearly 50% of them are from Northern districts of Kerala mainly from Malappuram and Kasargod. They have gone for unskilled and semi-skilled jobs in these countries,\" said officials.United Arab Emirates is the most sought after destination for the SSLC failed, says PoE office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11658180", "title": "25K requests for Aakash tablets", "text": "MUMBAI: The University of Mumbai has so far received around 25,000 requests for the low-cost computing device 'Aakash' tablets. The cost of an 'Aakash' tablet is Rs 1138.The requests have come from around 90 colleges and departments across the university's jurisdiction. While the numbers are already high, the university is expecting many more to come in the coming phases. The first phase of requests will be sent by this weekend.The scheme was extended by the human resources development ministry to all universities in the state. The circular requesting colleges, university departments, were issued last month. Students were asked to get in touch with respective heads. Among the colleges who have sought the tablets for their students, Vivek College in Goregaon has got the highest numbers of applications (2262) from students . \"Colleges in far-off places like Alibaug also have demanded the device in large numbers,\" said Mohan Kumar, convener of the National Mission on Education through Information and Communication Technology (NME-ICT) from the university.According to Mohan Kumar, the requests are still pouring in. \"There will be a second phase. The Centre is currently just seeking details from all the states. Once the numbers are clear, they will be sending the request to the vendor,\" he said.An official from the university said that there are modifications being made in the device to incorporate the needs of the universities and the central government. \"The initial product had a lot of complaints from users. They are being modified now to suit everybody's requirements,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11663974", "title": "Beth Ditto wants Madonna collaboration", "text": "Beth Ditto wants to write for Madonna .The Gossip singer was thrilled when the 'Hung Up' hitmaker cited her solo material as an influence on her forthcoming album 'M.D.N.A' and now wants to collaborate further.She said: \"I was over the moon when I heard that [I'd influenced Madonna]. I got a fire in my ass about wanting to write for her.\"I was like, 'Get on the horn and call me, Madge! Does anyone have Madonna's phone number? Oh, hold on, no one does.' \"Part of Gossip's new album was produced by Mark Ronson and Beth says they bonded over hip-hop and country music.She told NME magazine: \"I loved Mark and we worked really well together, he's a really amazing singer's producer. Just the way he gets a voice out of you is so special.\"He has such a vast knowledge of music and had so many great references that we totally shared.\"He really does love music and you can tell. One of our most common bonds was we both loved big voices, church voices. He loves country music, which is a big deal to me because, in terms of things I love, country music is probably number one, then it's punk and hip-hop.\"With Mark, we both loved a certain type of late to early 90s hip-hop and R&amp;B.;\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11658323", "title": "Psychiatry conclave begins", "text": "KOCHI: Discussing the latest treatment modalities and techniques in psychiatry, the 64th annual conference of Indian Psychiatric Society began here on Friday. Around 3,000 psychiatrists from across India and abroad are attending the conference.National and international experts, including researchers and academicians, are attending the conclave that would bring into focus various aspects of psychotic disorders, and the psychosocial and humanistic approach to psychiatry among other topics. Union Minister Professor K V Thomas inaugurated the conference at Hotel Le Meridien at a function, which was presided over by Indian Psychiatric Society's national president Professor M Thirunavakkarasu. Dr Roy Abraham Kallivayalil was made the new president of the Psychiatric Society. Dr Dinesh Bhugra, president- elect of world Psychiatric Association, was present.The conclave will bring into focus aspects of psychotic disorders, and the psychosocial and humanistic approach to psychiatry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11658299", "title": "CBI seeks psychologists\u2019 assistance for interrogating main murder accused", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) team probing the Aadesh Bajpai kidnapping and murder case of 2008 has now roped in forensic psychologists to help in the probe. The agency is also preparing to seek details of the batchmates of the prime suspect Rahul Verma, from the IIT, Kanpur administration. Rahul was pursuing his bachelors in technology at IIT-K when Aadesh was kidnapped and murdered in 2008.The need for a forensic psychologist arose after the investigators who have been grilling Rahul Verma since his arrest from Lucknow on Wednesday morning, noticed on Thursday night that Rahul's answers to the CBI queries were getting incoherent with the time. Unsure that this was a result of mental stress - a common complaint from accused in police custody - or a deliberate attempt to mislead the investigators, the CBI roped in expert forensic psychologists to study Rahul's mental state. At present pursuing studying at Indian IIM, Lucknow, Rahul was summoned by the CBI on Tuesday evening for questioning and arrested a day later. The session continued till late night on Tuesday before the agency let him off but not before directing him to report back the next morning. When Rahul returned the next day, he was arrested and produced before the special CBI court in Lucknow where he was remanded in custody for three days, starting Wednesday afternoon. Investigators have been questioning Rahul at length about his engagements on August 10, 2008 - the day Aadesh is believed been murdered.A Mumbai-based fashion designer Aadesh had reached his cousin's house in Moolganj area of Kanpur city on August 10, 2008. Later the same evening, he left for IIT-K with Rahul Verma and that was the last that Aadesh was seen alive. On August 23, mutilated remains of Aadesh were recovered from the thicket in the vicinity of the campus. In the investigations that followed, it came to light that Aadesh had met Rahul through a social networking site for gays. However, Rahul has been feigning ignorance about Aadesh and everything else related to him.The CBI investigations into the case had hit a roadblock after it was revealed that both Rahul Verma and Aadesh used cyber cafes for chatting. Since the incident took place almost four years ago, the investigators have failed to find anyone who could testify if the person in CBI custody is the same Rahul Verma who was in touch with Aadesh. The CBI, however, claims to have gathered compelling circumstantial evidences in the case that point directly towards the person at present in its custody. The CBI has arrested Rahul on the basis of these circumstantial evidence. Investigators were now trying to gather direct evidence to establish his involvement in the crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11658121", "title": "IIT-B gets into cancer research", "text": "MUMBAI: Expanding its mandate in research, the Indian Institute of Technology-Bombay decided to invest its energies in biosciences and bioengineering and threw open a dedicated centre for the same on Friday. The money for the research school came in 2008 from an old boy of the college who graduated in 1969.The centre, which will specially focus on cancer-related research, is the outcome of one of its largest private purses that the institute has received---$5 million---from Romesh Wadhwani, founder of the Symphony Group.The Wadhwani Research Centre in Biosciences and Bioengineering, will try to understand the mysteries that cells and proteins hold, of deciphering cell motility and cancer invasion and the reason why cancer spreads in the human body. A focus area of the centre would be to understand how cancerous cells move from one localised area to other parts of the body. \"Cells in the human body are normally fixed. But cancerous cells grow in one place and move to another and this is how cancer spreads. The phenomenon is called 'metastasis' and we want to understand what gives them the ability to move when they become cancerous,\" said Narayan Punekar, professor and head of the biosciences and bioengineering department.IIT-B director Devang Khakhar, said: \"With its initial thrust area we intend to have top-class faculty conduct research using emerging technologies with the purpose of changing lives for the better.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11656228", "title": "Homeless mother loses twins to cold", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Sunita Devipujak, a homeless mother of twins lost her battle of motherhood to cold weather. The mother who was forced to live in the open with no roof over her head in Ganeshnagar, Piplaj with her new-born twins is shattered as her daughter succumbed to pneumonia caused by cold weather at Civil Hospital on Friday evening.The mother could not be consoled as she had lost her son a day after Uttarayan to respiratory infection caused by exposure to cold weather. She used to stay in a make-shift tent of tarpaulin supported by four bamboo sticks.\"The mother losing both her twins to the cold weather just because she was rendered homeless in the anti-encroachment drive along the riverfront is a tragedy. No parent should be subjected to such a loss,\" a woman rights activist working in the area said.Sunita, who used to live in a hut near Shankar Bhuvan area, was in labour when the AMC officials came to demolish the encroachments in November forcing her family to take her to the hospital right at that moment. Since they were not present, the family could not salvage the legal documents. In absence of these, they have not been provided with any facility to stay. A family offered them a makeshift tent in the plot in Piplaj on humanitarian grounds where Sunita was putting up with her twin children - a boy and a girl.TOI had reported the pathos of the new mother after which a number of good Samaritans donated food and clothing to the mother. Activists had also taken the two children to the hospital after they suffered respiratory infection in December.People in the locality reported that Sunita's husband Manoj , who used to work as a daily wagers, was an alcoholic and reportedly sold off the blankets to get hold of some money to buy alcohol. He also did not earn much. Being homeless only compounded the problem of Sunita.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11661812", "title": "Meghana opts out of Karthi\u2019s film", "text": "Actress Meghana Raj has recently opted out of Suraaj's film with Karthi and Anushka in the lead.Says the Kadhal Solla Vandhen girl, \"When I gave my nod for the project, I was under the impression that apart from my character, there would only be Anushka in the lead. But, the script underwent several changes, and after all the improvisations, I learnt that there are four heroines in all. I was not comfortable with doing the project anymore. I'm playing solo leads in several films and I will do a multi-starrer only when I'm satisfied with my role and screenspace. I explained this to Suraaj, and I'm glad he understood my point!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11658041", "title": "IAC holds 'ideal leader' poll at Gateway", "text": "MUMBAI: India Against Corruption bounced back on Republic Day on Thursday to drive home a point that citizens have no faith in political leadership. They held a referendum at Gateway of India on \"Mumbai ka Hero Kaun?\" where citizens were asked to choose their ideal leader.Those gathered at Gateway, were asked to choose between Anna Hazare , Balasaheb Thackeray , LK Advani, Raj Thackarey, Rahul Gandhi and Sharad Pawar.Thousands of people enthusiastically cast their votes. IAC claims that Anna bagged 82% votes from the public.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "11657455", "title": "Russian found dead at Arambol", "text": "MAPUSA: Russian Denis Zalotov, 31, was found dead at his rented room in Girkar Vaddo, Arambol, on Thursday. Pernem police said there were no injury marks on Zalotov's body and the postmortem will be conducted on Saturday. PSI Uday Gawde is investigating under supervision of PI C L Patil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11661651", "title": "DM Ramabai Nagar honoured", "text": "KANPUR: District magistrate Ramabai Nagar Mayur Maheshwari was conferred with the Best Electoral Practice Award at a grand function held at the Vigyan Bhawan in New Delhi on Wednesday. Former President of India APJ Abdul Kalam gave him the prestigious award in the presence of Chief Election Commissioner SY Qureshi.The award was conferred with an aim of identifying and recognising the best electoral practices in elections across the country. The district magistrate of Ramabainagar has been awarded for initiatives like organising Matadata Mahotsava and implementation of innovative ideas such as automated updation of election-related queries and information for voters and election employees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11655386", "title": "Jeweller shot from close quarters in robbery bid", "text": "NAGPUR: A 39-year-old jeweller from Garoba Maidan sustained two bullet injuries on chest and abdomen after being fired upon by robbers from close quarters with a country-made pistol on Friday evening. The robbers apparently fired thrice at him during the robbery bid but the jeweller's diligent resistance not only saved his valuables but also made the robbers flee the spot.Pravin Jhungade apparently was returning home with the valuables after closing his shop. A resident of the Garoba Maidan, Jhungade's house is at a stone's throw from his shop. He used to take an autorickshaw but later purchased a car for safer travel with the cash and jewellery, it is learnt.Police said the incident occurred when Jhungade was about to get inside his car. He had kept the bag with the valuables in the car and was about to lock the door when the robbers charged. Apparently, there wee three miscreants on a bike. Jhungade was taken aback but regained his composure as the robbers were readying to flee with the bag. It was miscreants' turn to be surprised and apparently in panic they opened fire.Initially, Jhungade slipped and fell over when a shot was being fired at him but missed. He again got on his feet and began grappling with the miscreants when one with the firearm shot at him twice. This time the bullets hit Jhungade. He collapsed on the ground but his grip on the bag with the valuables did not loosen. As local residents rushed to his help, the robbers fled leaving a profusely bleeding Jhungade and the bag lying on the ground. He was rushed to a private hospital.Police said the firearms used may not be sophisticated but local made. Two empty cartridges were found from the spot. \"The miscreants must have observed the jeweller for a day or two with the aid of their local informer before perpetrating the attack,\" said a senior police officer. Nandanvan police have registered an offence. According to hospital sources, Jhungade's condition was still unstable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11659148", "title": "Kalas Mahal to be partly rebuilt: Panel", "text": "CHENNAI: A committee set up by chief minister J Jayalalithaa last week to assess the stability of the part of Chepauk Palace which was ravaged in a fire, has recommended its restoration.The three-member committee submitted its report on Thursday. Soon after the fire in Kalas Mahal in the 245-year-old palace, authorities said they might demolish it. The palace housed a number of government departments.The report suggests that the portion occupied by the Inspectorate of Factories could be restored. The rest of the mahal, which housed the Directorate of Social Welfare and the Industries and Commerce offices, will have to be pulled down and rebuilt.\"The government will take into account the report, and the chief minister will make an announcement soon,\" said a senior official. The reconstruction will be done to retain the architectural value of the heritage structure, the official added.However, conservationists questioned whether the committee did a thorough job. \"The team had less than a week and I wonder whether they would have fully assessed the damage,\" said S Suresh, convener of Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage (Intach). In case of fire, a building will have visible damage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11661755", "title": "Holocaust Remembrance Day observed", "text": "KANPUR: January 27 is dedicated to commemorate natural or man-made disasters as 'International Holocaust Remembrance Day.'Kalka train accident is still fresh in the minds of those who lost their loved ones. Many of them went from one hospital to the other and searched wards to finds their missing relatives, hoping to see them alive. There were tearful scenes around hospitals in July last year, where the relatives of the survivors were grappling with the tragedy.Similar was the scene in the flooded areas where hundreds of houses were washed away and livestock perished due to floods in August. Many villagers had lost their houses and lands. The overflooded Ganga caused widespread destruction. The survivors had to face hunger and epidemics.\"We commemorate the International Holocaust Remembrance Day and such incidents as day or events like 9/11, 26/11 and natural disasters like floods and earthquakes are remembered. Can't we make peace? Such questions are not easily answered and the response varies from person to person,\" said Dr LK Singh, a psychologist.While, the horrible incident of three months old child being raped by two neighbours, a 13 years old rape victim Laxmi, giving birth to a baby girl, a day old girl found in the dustbin and many such disturbing incidents which may not be a part of holocaust but should be remembered to guess the mindsets of the people in an enlightened era.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11659127", "title": "Padma Shri among top medics held for AMRI fire, docs furious", "text": "KOLKATA: Two of Kolkata's best known medical practitioners, 93-year-old Mani Chhetri, a Padma Shri awardee, and Pronab Dasgupta were arrested on Friday for the AMRI Dhakuria fire on December 9 last year that killed 91 people. Both are on the AMRI board of directors. The arrests sparked outrage among the medical fraternity and a stinging rebuke from the Congress.Chhetri, AMRI Hospitals' managing director, is a former director of health services. Sixty-five-year-old Dasgupta, a gynaecologist, heads the East Bengal football club and the century-old Bengal Club, and is associated with a string of private hospitals as adviser. They are mentors and teachers to many top names in the medical fraternity. Both of them were picked up from their Ballygunge homes around 8am, brought to Lalbazar and then driven to the Alipore court lock-up around 1.50pm. Chhetri was helped the 10 steps to the lock-up from the police jeep.Doctors reacted with anger at the arrests, Chhetri's in particular. \"Mani Chhetri is a father figure for doctors in Kolkata. It pains us to see him being put behind bars. Considering his stature and his age, he should not have been arrested just because the post he held makes him accountable. It is indeed shocking,\" said S B Purakayastha, CEO, Ruby Hospital.Congress also criticized the move , although it refused to name anyone. \"We are cautioning the government. These arrests are sending a wrong message to the people,\" PCC spokesperson Abdul Mannan said.Alipore chief judicial magistrate Hefazat Karim Chowdhury remanded Chhetri and Dasgupta in police custody till February 2. A battery of defence lawyers - Samaraditya Pal, Bhaskar Sen and S K Kapoor for Chhetri and Tapen Roy Chowdhury and Tamal Mukherjee Dasgupta -put up a spirited defence in a packed courtroom.Sen argued at 93, there was little chance Chhetri would tamper with evidence or abscond. \"He is a well known medical practitioner, has saved many lives. As a doctor he was in charge of treatment, purchase of medical equipment and patients'welfare. He wasn't aware of what was in the godown (the AMRI basement). I request your lordship to go through his CV. It will give a measure of what kind of person he is. Whenever he was interrogated he participated. The last statement was recorded three weeks back,\" Sen said.Sen wondered why police waited for nearly six weeks to arrest Chetri if his \"statements or role were incriminating\". Chetri suffers from blackouts, has high blood pressure and is a cardiac patient. \"He is frail and infirm. He needs assistance. He didn't hide anything and has always helped police,\" the senior lawyer said. At this Kapoor added, \"Having treated successive chief ministers from S S Ray to the present, and even several chief justices of Calcutta high court, where is the question of his fleeing or tampering with evidence.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11657309", "title": "What steps should be taken to prevent molestations and other sex crimes?", "text": "First and foremost, we need to impart sex education in schools. The main problem is lack of such education, epecially laws relating to sex crimes. Besides, there should also be proper rehabilitation for both the victim and the perpetrator.Nandita de Souza, director, Sethu centre, PanajiPeople need to be educated to prevent them from indulging in deviant sexual and social behaviour. Stringent action should be taken against culprits so that victims have the confidence to come out in the open. People must always be on guard and self-defence classes should be made accessible to women. Also, children should be made aware about paedophiles.Tanvi Naik, post-graduate student, MargaoA sex crime is a sexual perversity and should be condemned. One reason why the problem arises is because parents don't talk to their children about sex. As a result, often kids are afraid to report that they have been molested and many offenders get away. So, parents need to talk to their children about sex and educate them about it. They should also give them the confidence to talk about such issues. Besides, police personnel and society should be sympathetic to the victims. Victims should not feel that they are responsible for the situation.Aldina Gomes, psychologist, BenaulimFor prevention of such crimes we need to build a responsible society wherein we imbibe in every one mutual respect for one another. If there is respect for women as being equal to men in society, this will definitely go a long way in preventing molestations and rapes in society.John Abreu Lobo, lawyer, Mapusa", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "amalapuram", "code": "11657812", "title": "New laws to be passed for protecting statues", "text": "AMALAPURAM: The ministerial team, which toured some of the areas in Amalapuram Mandal and Dowleswaram where statues of B R Ambedkar were desecrated, on Friday said the government would introduce separate legislation to protect the statues of leaders and take stringent action against the culprits responsible the desecration of the statues.They said the issue would be discussed at the cabinet meeting on January 30. The team of deputy speaker Mallu Bhatti Vikramarka, ministers Dokka Manikya Vara Prasad, C Ramachandraiah, P Viswaroop and Thota Narasimham and chief whip Kondru Murali Mohan visited Dowleswaram and Amalapuram and interacted with dalit groups, organizations and individuals to ascertain the circumstances that led to the desecration of the statues.Vara Prasad said the government would introduce a separate piece of legislation to protect the statues and is planning to conduct a state-level dalit sadassu soon to propagate and make the people understand Ambedkar's ideology and his views. The team members said they would request the chief minister to install a statue of Ambedkar on the state assembly premises. Vikramarka assured dalits that the government would take stringent action against the culprits following an appeal from various dalit organizations.The leaders of dalit organizations including Karem Sivaji demanded the government to take penal action against the culprits irrespective of parties or castes.Meanwhile, director general of police Dinesh Reddy said they have got clues on the perpetrators behind the vandalism.He said in Vijayawada that police have almost zeroed in on the culprits behind the desecration of Ambedkar statues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11657488", "title": "4 rob Juhu woman, guards chase &amp; nab them with loot", "text": "MUMBAI: An armed gang of four robbed a Juhu housewife after threatening her and her two-year-old child with guns on Friday afternoon, but before the accused could flee, the security guards of the building nabbed them after a chase.One of the accused had worked in the victim's house as a plumber and he used it as an excuse to get access to the flat, the police said.According to the officials, the plumber and three of his associates approached the guard of Ashray building in Juhu stating that they were called to fix a leaking pipe in the sixth floor flat. As the accused barged into the flat, they found the woman talking over phone, said the police, adding that they walked up to her, pointing a gun at her. Scared, she gave out a scream, which alerted the person on the other side of the line. The accused took the phone away from her and disconnected the line before they ransacked the house, the police said. The gang collected valuables worth Rs 2.45 lakh in a bag and prepared to leave.Meanwhile, the woman's relative, to whom she was speaking over phone, came to the building and asked the guard if he had noticed anything wrong in the flat. The guard immediately rushed upstairs to check.According to the police, the guard had to ring the doorbell repeatedly before the woman opened the door. One of the accused stood behind her, while the three others confined the child to the bedroom, pointing a gun at him. When the guard asked her if she needed any help, she told him that nothing was wrong, the police said. Even as the guard stood outside, the four robbers picked up the stolen booty, left the flat and started walking down the stairs. As the accused went out of her ear shot, the woman told the guard about the robbery, the police said.Immediately, the guard rushed down, alerting the other guards and drivers downstairs. \"Our guards, Ramesh Dubey and Sandip Pande, with the help of others, caught the robbers after a brief struggle,\" said a supervisor of Super Protection Security, from where the guards were hired.Zonal deputy commissioner of police Pratap Dighavkar said, \"One of the accused did plumbing job in the house a few months ago. We have arrested all the four.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11657354", "title": "Sans patronage, gaming parlours in city fighting a losing battle", "text": "HYDERABAD: About two years ago, gaming centres in the city seemed like a fad which had a business plan to make it work. With huge investments riding on them, the centres looked all set to cash in on the gaming frenzy that had caught on among the young set.Two years on, however, around 15 of the over 50 centres that had come up have shut shop due to low returns. People at these online and LAN gaming centres said that operational expenses far outstripped returns. Power cuts, disapproving parents who frown on gaming and the cost of the games itself have all combined to deliver a deadly blow to these gaming hubs.Sudhakar Yadav, former manager of the Zapak gaming centre in Sainikpuri, which was shut down recently, said: \"All the 11 gaming centres we had in Hyderabad have been shut down due to mounting losses. In the first year, returns hovered around a monthly Rs 45,000 to Rs 50,000.\"But, in the second year itself, it had come down to the Rs 20,000 to Rs 30,000 zone. Towards the end, there were times when we would have no customers for days.\"As to the reasons behind the sharp drop in the number of customers, Yadav said: \"Youngsters nowadays want something new and exciting time and again. They get bored with the same old games.\"Ajith Baskaran, owner of Jaguar gaming in Secunderabad, which, too, has shut down recently, elaborates: \"Buying new games is hard on the pocket as the good ones like Call of Duty-Modern Warfare and Need For Speed Carbon cost anywhere between Rs 1,000 to Rs 1,500; and we need to buy one disk per PC.\"Another problem is that many new games are single-player ones with no LAN-supported versions. Plus, newer versions of games keep releasing every month. So, the customers ask for new games but are unwilling to pay more.\"He added: \"I would charge Rs 25 per hour to customers but there were times when we had no customers at all and so I had to bring down my price to Rs 15 an hour. Naturally, I incurred heavy losses. Monthly income would be around Rs 40,000 on an average, of which Rs 30,000 went towards rent, Rs 3,000 to Rs 5,000 for the internet connection with Rs 15,000 as electricity charges. All that left little behind for profit.\"While high prices of new games are a major factor, marathon power cuts was another harbinger of doom. \"As soon as the power cuts started, business went down by 50%,\" said an owner of a gaming centre in Himayat Nagar.\"People like to play continuously at one go. Power cuts are an interruption that no gamer can handle. I have seen two or three gaming centres in the same locality that have closed down due to dwindling customers. We are still hanging on in the hope that the holiday season will be a much-needed boost for business,\" he added. The cost of getting all systems hitched to an UPS connection is around Rs 50,000 to Rs 60,000 and, hence, not many gaming parlours can afford this solution to the power problem.Parents objecting to their children spending long hours at these hubs, too, had contributed to the losses. Naveen Kumar, manager, Pixacore Infotainment said: \"We installed two PlayStation 2 systems for Rs 9,000. However, after a while, we started receiving complaints from parents who said their children were bunking classes to come here. Gradually, the number of gamers came down to a meagre four or five customers daily. So, we had to uninstall the gaming consoles.\"Gaming parlour owners revealed that some customers would simply vanish without paying their dues thereby driving up losses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-28"}
