{"city": "panaji", "code": "17108699", "title": "Decoding the new Karwa Chauth", "text": "PANAJI: Is Karwa Chauth sexist, asked a TV news channel the other day. And with good reason, it would seem. The idea of a married woman fasting for the long life of the husband does nothing but underline the power asymmetry that has historically defined the relationship. Can the resurgence of this traditional custom be read as being part of a larger movement towards restricting the freedom of women as evidenced by the increased violence against women and the role being played by traditional structures such as khap panchayats?Of course, Karwa Chauth is by no means the only sexist custom that is observed in the name of tradition. Even if we ignore the more blatant examples like dowry, other instances abound. The idea of kanyadaan, the power inequality between the boy's and girl's side during a wedding (the burden of being the ladkiwale), the idea of a father 'giving the bride away', even the practice of the girl having to wait for the man to propose point to the underlying sexism prevalent in society, not just in India but also in more 'modern' societies. As times change, one would expect that the progressive gradually overwhelms the traditional, and the inherent sexism in theses customs recede, as indeed has been seen across the world.What is interesting is that what we are seeing in the case of Karwa Chauth is in some ways the opposite---here women appear to be embracing a practice that for many, has never been a part of their tradition. Spurred on by Bollywood representations, what was once a custom observed by parts ofNorth India can now be seen in many other parts of the country. Also intriguingly, in this case tradition seems to be a discretionary personal choice rather than social compulsion. On the face of it, the movement, which is seen at its strongest in the educated middle class, appears to be towards a re-assertion of traditional gender roles rather than away from it.But it isn't quite that simple for what looks like a return to tradition behaves in interesting new ways. In the case of Karwa Chauth, a custom of sacrifice is morphing into a festival of consumption, while the outward appearance of tradition is maintained. By extracting greater personal freedom within the larger structure of custom, the individual gets to use tradition rather than only being used by it. The husband's role has changed from being a passive and smug receiver of attention to being a somewhat guilty and uncertain sympathizer, often keeping a fast to show solidarity and buying gifts to assuage his guilt. The woman has found a useful ally in tradition, which helps her underline her specialness in what has historically been an unequal relationship, using a device that has enormous and unquestioned cultural legitimacy. The discretionary and selective use of tradition produces a very different effect from a tradition that was rooted in the collective and the reflexive.It could be argued that the reason why such a custom has become popular is because it has been used purposively to drive consumption. It is true that tradition is marketed most when it enables consumption; one has only to look at the overflowing plumpness of newspaper supplements in festive seasons to verify the relationship between the two. What appears to be discretionary choice is at some level a response that has been programmed by the combination of popular culture and commerce. But if it is true that consumption promotes tradition, it is equally true that what passes for 'modern' behaviour is equally something that is promoted just as aggressively. The body, for instance, as we imagine it today, is largely a product of the kind of marketing messages that have been beamed at us by those engaged in the business of cosmetics, pharmaceuticals and fashion.The key element that that needs to be focused on is that of control. How much control do women have over the decisions they make about their own life? And here, the answers are not absolutely clear. How much control is being exercised by a woman who chooses, of her own apparent volition, to embrace a practice like Karwa Chauth in this day and age but use it to extract more space for herself from one who 'chooses' to diet all through one's life in order to meet contemporary expectations about how one should look or one who 'elects' to discard traditional attire and goes drinking because it is the norm of the day? Just because the latter actions seem to be on the right side of the progressive, does it mean that it is not as much a product of external influence? Does progressiveness reside in mere actions, independent of the larger system of meaning to which they belong? The reason why apparently modern behaviour co-exists with such ease with seemingly regressive practices is that both the labels do not really fit; these are being imposed from the outside using superficial benchmarks.Societies do not change dramatically over single generations but individuals do. It is easy to stand on one side of change and stigmatize the other. Absolute labels are useful in determining the outer boundaries of what is unacceptable but when it comes to negotiating the more intermediate spaces of everyday practice, a less judgmental view might be more appropriate. Change is complex, and not everything is at it seems on the surface. It would be a mistake to underestimate the force that change exerts, for it works not only through the adoption of the new but the subversion of the old. The new Karwa Chauth is both an assertion of continuity and a sly negation of the past. Calling it sexist might be technically correct but choosing to give it that label is not particularly meaningful.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17109329", "title": "Stakes are higher than ever for world in US presidential polls", "text": "Director general Of ADB Vinod Thomas backs Obama economics that argues for broad-based or inclusive growthHaving lived in the US for over three decades, I sense that the stakes are higher than ever for the people and the world in general. Here are three important Obama versus Romney policies that are most critical for the US and the world.The first contrast is in how economic growth is envisaged. Obama economics sees government interventions that favour the middle- and lower-income people as pro-growth whereas Romney economics believes in giving breaks to the rich as best for growth. Here is why broad-based or inclusive growth is better. High-income countries such as the US or Germany never grow as fast as middle- and low-income countries such as China or India because when incomes are already high, the chances of raising them further are more limited than when there is a lot of catching up to do \u00e2\u20ac\u201dprovided your possibilities are not blocked. The US will not grow as fast as India, but its chances of growing are greater if it draws on the largest segments of society\u00e2\u20ac\u201dby investing in their health, education and skills.The second policy contrast is related to the first. The US is looking at a fiscal cliff with the national debt on a sharp climb. This is bad for the country and bad for the world. To reverse this trend, choices have to be made: raise taxes, cut expenditure, ensure faster growth. It is best from the point of view of ensuring growth to raise some taxes but not all, ie raise taxes for the top percentile but not for all; and to contain certain government expenditures\u00e2\u20ac\u201dfor example, military spending but not those on education and health. In other words, it is smart economics not to raise the tax rate on the middle-class but to raise it for the top percentile(s) as in Obama economics\u00e2\u20ac\u201dit should not be the other way around.Third, the US policy on energy has huge implications for the country and the world, although this issue has received scant attention in the politics of this election. Climate change is already playing havoc with people's lives and livelihood, not only in China, India and Asia but also in the US' own backyard. Floods and storms are unmistakably on the rise, the recent devastation in the American northeast from hurricane Sandy being the most recent reminder. The US is the world's largest emitter per person of greenhouse gases and the second largest (after China) of its total. Obama economics promises to invest in renewable sources of energy which will be crucial for the country's own energy independence and for providing global leadership for confronting climate change. Implementation is crucial, but the direction to be implemented cannot be in starker contrast.The writer is former senior VP &amp; DG of Independent Evaluation at World Bank , Washington, and, currently, DG of Independent Evaluation at ADB, Manila", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17109074", "title": "Eco-friendly crackers on demand", "text": "RANCHI: Diwali is incomplete without bursting crackers. But the pollution caused because of these is irreparable. Since these days people have become more environment friendly all the festivals have an eco friendly touch to it, such as Ganesh Chaturthi and Durga puja where there were green Ganesha and green community pandals. This Diwali, there are eco friendly crackers, especially, for the children.The markets are flooded with these environment friendly crackers. \"There is a butterfly cracker which goes in circles once lighted and produces different colours. The best part is that it is totally sound and pollution free. Many parents are visiting our shops and demanding the cracker and in the past 20 days around 40 to 50 customers have bought it. The price range is from Rs 65 to 95,\" said a shop manager, Guahar Murtaza.He added \"Another variant is the 'bijli cracker' which has a soft sound and no pollution. It costs Rs 30 per packet. Apart from these the Ashok brand sparklers are also eco friendly ranging from Rs 18 to 65 as per the size. There is less pollution and the most important feature is that it is safe for the eyes.\"Another shop owner, Nadeem Hasan, said, \"There are sparklers like the Amazing 10n which has sound but is totally smoke free and costs Rs 30 per packet. Apart from that there is superstar rocket which has mild sound and costs Rs 320 per packet. Crazy pops is totally pollution free and the sound like the chirping of birds.\" A customer, Dheerendra Kumar, said, \"During Diwali, when people burst crackers, there is lot of noise pollution. Hence, this time I am looking for noise free crackers for my children.It's difficult to explain the harmful effects of noise and environment pollution but crackers are also an important part of the celebrations.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17107867", "title": "Quack arrested from west Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man posing as doctor and responsible for death of a four-year-old child in Mayapuri, west Delhi was arrested. The accused, Ishaq Ansari, resident of Hari Nagar, had treated a child, identified as Rishu, said V Renganathan, Addl CP, west. He allegedly gave the child expired medicines and injections. The child's condition's deteriorated and he was rushed to DDU hospital, where he was declared brought dead. When the victim's family went to Ansari's clinic they found he had removed the boards and fled.During interrogation, Ansari revealed that he was a Class XII pass out and had been practicing in Delhi for the last 18 years. He said he wanted to be a doctor but as he was poor he could not pursue his studies. He arranged for a Registered Medical Practitioner certificate from Patna and started practicing at Rewari lines slums in Mayapuri area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17108837", "title": "Govt afraid of people's power to topple it: Anna", "text": "PANAJI: A gram sabha is more powerful than the Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha, said anti-corruption activist Anna Hazare .Addressing a public meeting in Panaji on Monday, Hazare said that unlike elected representatives, citizens become a part of the gram sabha at the age of 18 and remain a part of it till they die. People do not understand how important a gram sabha is, he added.The Gandhian said his agitations in Maharashra had led to the passing of seven laws, removal of six \"corrupt\" ministers and over a 100 corrupt bureaucrats. He said that the government is only afraid of the people's power to pull it down.\"It is the citizens who hold the key to democracy. They are the real king(s),\" said Hazare. But the king (citizens) has been asleep while his treasury was being looted, and now he is awaking, he added. He said he will launch a countrywide tour on January 30 to meet people and create a mass grassroots-level base for the anti-corruption movement.\"I will not have protests at Ramlila Maidan or Jantar Mantar but will go to the villages and create awareness among the people that democracy doesn't have a bright future if the present system that enables corruption continues,\" said Hazare.Hazare dismissed reports of a rift with Arvind Kejriwal and said that these were false as the two of them had the same goal-a corruption-free India.Hazare said it was necessary for Kejriwal to enter into politics as the government had betrayed the anti-corruption movement on the Lokpal issue. The Jan Lokpal will reduce corruption by 60-70%, he said, adding that the government does not want a strong Jan Lokpal. He felt the government will have to bring the Jan Lokpal before the 2014 elections or face defeat.Hazare said along with the Lokpal, the right to recall and right to reject were also needed to be implemented in the country. Stating that there are \"169 tainted MPs and 15 tainted ministers in the Union government\", Hazare asked, \"If the tainted and corrupt are elected, what is the fate of democracy in the country?\"He said that a meeting with his close aides will be held on November 10 in New Delhi to form a new central committee. A working committee and an advisory committee will also be formed and will decide the future course of the movement. He said around 100 army officers, including colonels and brigadiers, nine IAS officers and seven ex-DGPs had written to him over joining the movement.Real happiness is experienced by serving others, said Hazare. He urged people to serve the nation in their individual capacity stating that \"the nation doesn't celebrate the jayantis (birth anniversaries) of lakhpatis and crorepatis but remembers its martyrs and those who served the country\".When his attention was drawn to the mining scam in the state, Hazare said that the environment needed to be protected and the loot of natural resources had to be stopped. He said if nature was destroyed, people will also be destroyed. Hazare also said land acquisition laws in the country need to be addressed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17107836", "title": "Encroachers sent packing from Bhageerathi lake", "text": "HYDERABAD: Revenue officials inspected the Bhageerathi lake in Khajaguda on Monday and razed the illegal structure which was coming up here. Reacting to a report published in this newspaper on Monday on the encroachment on the lake by land grabbers and it being used as a dump yard, the Serilingampally and Rajendranagar revenue officials visited the site on Monday morning and pulled down the structure. Officials noticed that a local resident had built a compound wall inside the 'patta' land of the lake which should have been used only for agriculture purpose.The demolition work was undertaken by two revenue division officials since 10% of the encroached land falls under the Serilingampally revenue division and the remaining 90% under the Rajendranagar revenue division. The day long exercise ended towards evening after almost 3 acres of encroached land was freed of structures.Speaking on this, B Rajesh, Tehsildar, Serilingampally mandal said, \"We had observed encroachment in survey no. 451 in Khajaguda village which is a patta land. A compound wall was built recently and we demolished it. It is a patta land and should only be used for agriculture.\" The officials also said that appropriate action will be taken against the encroachers.Mukund Reddy, tehsildar, Rajendranagar said, \"We have investigated and warned people who were encroaching on the lake. Apart from that we will also serve them a notice asking for an explanation and based on the reply we will take action.\"This prompt action by the revenue officials has pleasantly surprised environmentalists fighting for conservation of lakes. Rajkumar Thakur, environmentalist who had first raised this issue said, \"Usually, we have to struggle to convince the revenue officials to take action against any lake encroachment. However, this has been an exception and we hope that in the future also officials work in the same manner.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17108337", "title": "Now, email HUDA your water supply problems", "text": "GURGAON: To sort out water supply-related problems, the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) has designated an executive engineer level official who will directly interact with the public.The executive engineer can be reached at xen3.ggn@gmail.com and the residents can register their complaints about water supply delays and other problems. The complainants would be given feedback and action taken report instantly.A senior HUDA official said that residents could also send pictures of water leakages in main lines and seek speedy action. The city gets over 47 MGD water from Basai and Chandu Bhudhera water treatment plant.In order to streamline the water supply, the HUDA has realigned pipelines in several places. The residents have welcomed the move. HUDA officials say water supply has gone up up to 250 cusecs from NCR canal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17108610", "title": "Pune Mahanagar Palika Mahamandal Limited bus drives into no-entry road, runs over woman", "text": "PUNE: Usha Tukaram Gaikwad (40) had stepped out of her office in the Pune Municipal Corporation on Monday to buy snacks for lunch when a Pune Mahanagar Palika Mahamandal Limited ( PMPML) bus, whose driver ignored the no-entry sign to the road, ran over her.The Shivajinagar police have detained the PMPML driver Vilas Ganpat Kumbhar (48) for negligent driving. Gaikwad, who lived in Bibvewadi, was working in the food and licence department of the civic body. The incident took place around 2 pm.Vehicle users are not allowed a right turn near the PMC building on Shivaji Road. Despite this, the PMPML bus coming from S G Barve chowk, took the turn just when Gaikwad was crossing the road. The bus driver failed to spot her and dashed her. After the impact, the woman came under the front wheel of the bus and was severely injured.Other civic employees rushed Gaikwad to a nearby private hospital, where she was declared dead on arrival. \"The driver has been detained by the Shivajinagar police,\" said assistant police commissioner (traffic) Rajendra Bhamare.Gaikwad's brother Deepak Waghmare told TOI that she is survived by a son and three daughters. \"One of her daughters is married. The other three children are studying,\" Waghmare said.She had joined the civic body as a peon after her husband's death. \"She had been recently transferred to the food and licence department,\" Waghmare said.A PMPML official told TOI that it appeared to be the bus driver's fault. \"Kumbhar, who is a senior driver of PMPML, turned right on no-entry road to take a short cut,\" he said.19 people killed in PMPML accidentsIn 2012, 19 people have lost their lives in accidents involving PMPML buses. As per the records with the traffic branch of the city police, 11 persons had sustained severe injuries after they were hit by PMPML bus till October, this year.Dumper knocks down motorcyclistIn another incident, a deputy manager working in a private insurance company died on the spot after he was knocked down by a dumper on Alandi Road on Monday morning.The Vishrantwadi police have identified the deceased as Amit Anil Salvi (30) of Pimpale-Gurav. He was from Kolhapur. The incident took place around 10 am, when Salvi was on his way to office on his motorcycle.When Salvi came to Chandrama Chowk on Alandi Road, a dumper, that was following him, hit his motorcycle. The impact was such that Salvi died on the spot.Salvi's colleague Amit Gaydin told TOI that he was working as a deputy manager in the company for the last five years. He was helpful. \"After the post-mortem, his body was taken to Kolhapur for the last rites,\" Gaydin said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17109649", "title": "Facing diktat, couple seeks rights panel intervention", "text": "JAIPUR: Trilok Chand Saini, an accountant, and his wife Prem Kumawat have changed at least six rented accommodation, 10 cell numbers in the past two years.The couple has tried all means possible to seek a way out of the constant threats by 15 members of the village panchayat in Mohana. Their only crime---they dared to marry a person outside the caste.After registering a complaint at a local court and filing a petition at the Rajasthan high court, the couple has now decided to narrate their plight before the state human rights commission and state women's commission.On Monday, the distraught couple told the TOI that despite complaints, the 'lackadaisical ' attitude of the police have helped the 'law breakers' go scot free. \"We studied together in school and later in college. We fell in love and decided to get married on March 26, 2010. Since then, we have been facing various kinds of threats by unknown persons and also the panchs of the village . Initially, I took it lightly but since June I have been meeting people including senior police officers seeking intervention into the matter. All my pleas have fallen on deaf ears so far,\" said Trilok Chand.Some 'influential' people in the village were against his inter-caste marriage and threatened to ostracize his family as well as his wife's maternal family.\"Over the past two years we have changed six rented accommodations, constantly changed our cell numbers and met many senior police officers but the threats have not stopped,\" said Prem.The couple said that police have lodged an FIR against 15 people after being directed by a local court but are yet to arrest even one person in the case. \"All the panchs are members of my caste (Saini) and are roaming free. We have also filed a petition for security at the Rajasthan High court,\" Prem added.Left with no option, the couple is now looking at approaching the state human rights commission and women's commission to seek intervention and a possible resolution of the issue.Meanwhile, Mohana police said that they have initiated investigation into the matter.\"As per the Istegasa complaint (156/3 CPRC) a case under Section 195-A (threatening any person to give false evidence), 323( punishment of voluntarily causing hurt), 341(Punishment for wrongful restraint), 355( Assault or criminal force with intent to dishonour person, otherwise than on grave provocation) , 386(Extortion by putting a person in fear of death or grievous hurt), 452(House-trespass after preparation for hurt, assault or wrongful restraint), 500(Punishment for defamation) to read with 120-B (Criminal Conspiracy) has been lodged against 15 persons,\" said a senior police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17108545", "title": "Local authorities' role important in disaster management: IGP", "text": "MANGALORE: Local authorities' role important in disasters managment \"Local authorities and decisions that they take play an important role in disaster management\", said Pratap Reddy, inspector-general of police (western range).While people call 100 in case of any or all emergency, police cannot humanly intervene in most instances and there is a need for greater coordination among local authorities and for information exchange, he added.Inaugurating a five-day disaster management workshop for officials from Dakshina Kannada, Udupi and Uttara Kannada districts, organized by National Disaster Management Centre, here on Monday, Reddy citing instances of disasters handled during his career said the coastal city with its rapid industrialization and poses challenge to disaster management experts.Authorities concerned and all stakeholders must realize their responsibilities in countering and handling man-made or natural disasters, he said.\"Workshops such as this helps the authorities refocus on challenges of handling disasters. Mock drills will ensure an edge in handling real time situations. Such arrangements further strengthen the system,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "17107714", "title": "Vijayawada colonies still under flood water", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: The district and city civic administration is still unable to handle the floods in several colonies here even though floods started receding in Budameru on Monday. The grim situation exposed the unpreparedness of the administration. Worse, the official teams did not even take corrective measures on the spot.Residents of Rajeevnagar of Jakkampudi complained that the official teams did not take any steps even for supply of drinking water despite knowing that their colonies were completely submerged in flood waters. The residents spent sleepless nights during the last three days fearing further floods in Budameru which would spell doom for them.Although, there was no rain on Monday, the flood water did not recede in the colonies. Vidyadharapuram colony and Ajithsinghnagar continued to be in 2-3 feet flood waters. Municipal commissioner K Bhaskar noticed the low pace of discharge of flood waters at Urmila Subbarao Nagar, Ekalavya Nagar, Rotary Nagar, Jojinagar near Kabela centre during his visit in the morning. He directed the municipal engineers to take effective measures to flush out waters from the residential areas.Women came out of their homes and poured out their woes to joint collector Ushakumari.\"Not even potable water is being provided to us let alone food,\" a woman fumed at the civic officials. According to locals, vendors near their colonies were selling essential commodities like milk and vegetables at high prices. While half-a-litre milk packet was being sold at Rs 25-Rs 30 (Rs17 original price), prices of vegetables were beyond their reach.Upon information about unrelenting floods in several colonies, the district collector and special officer of VMC, Budhaprakash M Jyothi hurriedly reviewed the situation with all the department heads.He expressed his displeasure at the engineering officials for not taking precautionary measures to prevent flood waters stagnating at such a level in Jakkampudi colony. He shot down a suggestion made by the municipal and revenue officials that a breach should be made to the roads on the outskirts to divert the flood water downstream. He said such measures would result in further loss to crops.Irrigation SE Narasimhamurthy cautioned against increasing the outflow of Budameru saying that it would cause irreparable damage to the farmers of Kolleru lake. He brought to the district collector's notice that planned releases from canals saved crops below Budameru.The district collector asked the in-charge commissioner Bhaskar to immediately chalk out a plan to let out the waters from residential areas with more motor pumps. He asked that a comprehensive plan should be prepared to face the future requirements to modernize all the drains in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17108587", "title": "Tractor overturns, kills 2 persons", "text": "HUBLI: Two persons were killed and over 20 sustained injuries when the tractor in which they were traveling overturned near Jalashankar Nagar in Gadag on Monday morning.Gadag rural police Nagaraj Ambali said around 40 persons were traveling in the tractor and were heading to Yelishirund village to attend the funeral of a relative in Yelishirund village. The deceased are Hanumantappa Talwar, 58, and Subbamma Talwar, residents of Jalashankar Nagar. Some of the injured were shifted to KIMS hospital and some to Gadag district hospital.The incident occurred due to negligence of the driver of the tractor, police said. A case has been registered with Gadag rural police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17106822", "title": "Burglar rapes Spanish woman at knifepoint in Bandra flat", "text": "MUMBAI: A bizarre night of house break-ins in a posh locality of Bandra deteriorated into a nightmare for a young expat woman when the thief turned into a predator and raped her twice at knifepoint before fleeing with her money and undergarments.A police first information report has been lodged and sketches of the accused are being circulated to police stations. The 27-year-old Spanish woman, who came to Mumbai on a scholarship to learn music, also takes private classes. She was alone at home on Monday as her flat mate was travelling.Around 2am on Monday, the thief first tried to enter a bungalow on Perry Cross Road, but ran away after a worker inside spotted him. The worker saw him enter the adjoining building and went back to work. The culprit then proceeded to rob a senior citizen in that building before entering the house of the Spaniard in a nearby building.The thief shinned up a drain pipe and entered the third floor flat where she has been residing for four months through an open window. The man, who had partially covered his face with a handkerchief, woke her up and, brandishing a knife, asked for \"gold\", the victim told the police. She jumped out of bed, and managed to run out and knock on her neighbour's door. But there was nobody inside. The thief dragged her back into the flat and raped her.He again asked her where her valuables were and, rummaging around, found some foreign currency. He settled down with a cigarette he found near the victim's bed and then raped the woman again.After this, she asked to be allowed to use the toilet. Once in, she locked it and began screaming for help.The watchman of the building told the police that he heard the screaming, but assuming that it was coming from some other building, did not follow up on it. She screamed for over an hour before a maid, who was passing by, informed the police.Roshan Reporter, secretary of the Perry Cross Road (north) Residents' Association, said around 4am she heard someone screaming in the next building, 'Help me, call the police'. \"When I opened the window, several people had gathered and the police had been informed. The fire brigade came and broke open her flat door before the police could enter.\"The thief, hearing his victim screaming, closed the main door from outside and quietly left the building. \"The accused seems quite shrewd as he took care not to leave any piece of evidence behind. He has taken the victim's undergarments and night gown along with him,\" said a police officer on condition of anonymity. Sources said in a rape case, the undergarments are a crucial piece of evidence.The police could not enter the flat initially as the terrified victim wouldn't come out of the toilet. After the fire brigade broke open the main door, they convinced her that they were cops and persuaded her to open the bathroom door. A special team of crime branch officers has been set up to crack the case on a priority basis. The officers are going through the list of history-sheeters and have also announced a cash reward for any information on the suspect.\"A person saw the accused at the bungalow but unfortunately he didn't inform the police. Otherwise, this incident could have been avoided. More unfortunately, the victim ran out of the house and knocked on a neighbour's door, but no one was there,\" said additional commissioner of police (west region) Vishwas Nangre-Patil, whose office is close to the area of the house break-ins.The sketches being circulated of the suspect were made on the description given by the man at the bungalow and the Spanish woman, who saw the thief after he took off his mask.After being shooed away from the bungalow, the thief had first broken into the fourth floor flat of 79-year-old Neela D'Souza, who had packed her bags and was ready for leave for her son's place in Bhopal on Monday morning, through the kitchen window. She woke up around 5.30am and went to the kitchen to make tea, but was surprised to see the window open. She had also seen that her bags were missing from the living room. She called up her other son who lives in a building in the vicinity.Later, while searching the house, they found the bags lying on a window ledge and her belongings strewn around. Also lying were currency notes of small denominations. After the bags were retrieved, it was found that the thief had taken away Rs 5,000 in Rs 500 notes and dumped the change before raiding the Spanish woman's flat.(With inputs by S Ahmed Ali)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17108779", "title": "Designer terracotta 'diyas' catch Patnaites' fancy", "text": "PATNA: With Diwali fast approaching, the terracotta artists from Rajasthan and Uttar Pradesh, who make designer and quintessential terracotta 'diyas' (earthen lamps) and decorative items, have arrived in the city and put makeshift roadside stalls near the Patna Women's College (PWC).Made from terracotta, these designer 'diyas', that are only an extension of the simple earthen ones, have already started drawing huge crowd of buyers. \"We are doing brisk business although it has been only a few days since we started off,\" Rajesh Prajapati, a potter from Gorakhpur selling designer 'diyas' told TOI.Another potter from Jodhpur, Rahul Singh said, \"I have been coming here for the last six years with my group and every year we make a huge profit.\" The transport cost from Jodhpur to Patna for these potters is around Rs 80,000. \"But this doesn't matter, as we earn huge profit,\" said Deepak, another Jodhpur potter, who made a sale of over Rs 2 lakh last year.\"The choice of Patnaites has changed, now they want modern style 'diya' with traditional designs,\" said P Kumar, a local terracotta potter selling his items near PWC, adding, \"Mostly upscale families come here.\"\"We bring 'diyas' and decoratives without colouring and put different oil colours here, depending upon the colour most in demand,\" said Jiten Kumar Prajapati, a potter from Gorakhpur. \"We sell our items at fixed price,\" he said.'Diyas' shaped as 'puja thalis' with motifs of Ganesha and Lakshmi are available here at Rs 125, while huge single 'diya' and several 'diyas' in one 'thali' that can be placed at the centre of a rangoli pattern to create an artistic impression are available in the price range of Rs 120 to 200.Also available here are wind chime 'diyas', lanterns, beautifully carved figurines holding the lamp and single pieces of designer 'diyas', which begin at Rs 8 and go up to Rs 1,000 depending upon the size and style.'Palki', 'rath', tortoise and fish-shaped water pots to be decorated with floating candles and scented flowers priced between Rs 80 and Rs 300 are also on display. Terracotta tables and decoratives such as elephants and horse stands of various sizes are also up for grabs in the price range of Rs 200 to Rs 1,500. Long and cylindrical 'diyas', well-chiselled women carrying 'diyas' and 'kalash' and Ganesh-Lakshmi 'diyas' are also catching buyers' fancy.Among kids coming to the stalls with their mothers, piggy banks of various shapes are quiet popular. Fish-shaped piggy bank is available at Rs 100 while cartoon-faced piggy banks are priced at Rs 60.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17107948", "title": "Hubby booked for rape as teen returns after a year", "text": "NAGPUR: How should law treat a person who saves a minor girl from an obviously horrible fate, falls in love with her and makes her his wife? Well, 32-year-old Vyankatesh Nadar alias Anna of Mumbra in Mumbai has been booked by city police on charges of raping 16-year-old girl Aliya (name changed) who also happens to be his wife.Nadar saved Aliya, a Nagpur girl who had run away from home last year, from falling into wrong hands in Mumbai. He took her home and they fell in love and got married as per rituals with consent of his family. However, the good deed may now land him behind bars. Aliya, then a Std X student, had gone missing last year from her home under station.Nadar works as a labourer at Mumbai's VT station. Nadar, a Muslim, claimed Aliya had given her age to him as 20 years and hence he married her with all rituals. Aliya stated she had left home in frustration due to some family problems. Though being only daughter of her parents, she claimed she was not happy with them and hence left home. Her unemployed father is a diabetic while her mother works at a Xerox shop.Last year, on December 12, Aliya fled from home on her cycle. After searching for her at nearby places, her uncle filed a missing complaint with Lakadganj police station the same evening. For three months, there was no headway in her case. In March, Aliya's mother accused her neighbour Narendra Surse of kidnapping Aliya. She claimed Surse had a one-sided love with Aliya and hence might have abducted her. On mother's complaint, police arrested Narendra. However, as cops failed to reach the girl, court granted bail to him.The mystery came to an end on October 24 when Aliya called her mother to wish her on Dussehra and informed that she was not just married but also had a baby boy. The mother immediately went to meet Aliya and later informed the police. A police team headed by PSI Pankaj Bhalerao left for Mumbai on Sunday evening and brought Aliya and Nadar to city. Aliya, however, insists she is happy with Nadar and wants to stay with him. However, under the law marriage to a minor is void and sexual relations with her amount to rape. So he was booked accordingly.According to Aliya's statement, after leaving home she took Sewagram express to Mumbai. She said that at railway, a woman was taking her to an unknown destination when Nadar intervened and saved her. Later, Nadar informed Aliya that the woman was involved in flesh trade. \"He took me home, introduced me to his parents. After a few days, we got married with proper rituals and were staying happily,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17107839", "title": "Firecracker stores rue lack of spark in sales", "text": "HYDERABAD: This diwali, the boom of hydrogen and chilli bombs may not be too loud as sales of crackers are down by around 50% according to owners of wholesale fireworks stores. With just a week to go for the festival of lights, shop owners said that the unexpected downpour last week and the recent tension in the Old City area has caused a significant drop in footfall; resulting in the sales graph resembling the pattern of a chakkar rather than the flight of a colourful rocket.While around three years back, from around 10 days prior to diwali, these fireworks stores located in the major market areas of the city would be packed with customers throughout the day, this year, even as the festival is just a week away, the shops wore a relatively empty look. Ujwal Bhope, owner of Sri Vinayaka Agenices, a wholesale store at Begum Bazar said, \"Every year, from more than a week before diwali, customers keep pouring into the store non-stop, even till the wee hours.On Sunday, I had expected a business of Rs 40 lakh at least, but we could manage only around Rs 2 lakh with no customers coming in after 7 pm.\" He added that due to the recent communal tension in that area, all the stores around the area suffered a blow with their sales with footfalls dropping by nearly 50 per cent. Dealers from other stores in the area like S D Fireworks and Om Agencies too said that sales were affected by 60 per cent and 30 per cent respectively adding that the rain had also played spoil sport with the storage and transportation of fireworks.Meanwhile, stores in other areas of the city too were ruing a steep drop in sales this year and attributed it to the rising prices of crackers. J Raju of Jonnada Balaji dealers at General Bazar said, \"Prices have shot up by around 30% from last year.., discouraging buyers further. Usually we get so busy during this time that we don't have time to take any breaks during the day. But this time it has been really dull. Business is already down by around 50%.\" Other stores in the area like Kuntala Trading Company added that their profit margin was already around Rs 50,000 below the expected figure with a 25 per cent drop.Dealers stated that the mishap at the fireworks manufacturing unit at Sivakasi was also behind the sharp rise in prices. A regular box of flower pots which came at around Rs 70 last year now costs around Rs 100 or more.tnn Shop owners however remained hopeful that the sales would pick up in the days leading up to the festival and said that demand for fancy sky items like crackling stars and multicolour shots, which are priced much higher than the regular products (ranging from Rs 3,500 to Rs 5000 or more), was also on a rise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17109214", "title": "Powermen on strike", "text": "VARANASI: Power employees, under the banner of Vidyut Majdoor Panchayat Uttar Pradesh (VMPUP), went on an indefinite strike from Sunday night to highlight their demands. They held a meeting at Shaheed Park in Sigra on Monday.The regular employees of power corporation, contractual workers and private muster roll registered employees have joined the strike.VMPUP general secretary RV Singh said that the indefinite strike has affected power supply in Varanasi, Mughalsarai, Chandauli, Bhadohi, Mirzapur, Ghazipur, Azamgarh and nearby areas. Many offices and substations were locked. The faults and technical snags in lines are also not being attended.The strike is aimed at putting pressure on the management and administration to make recruitment on 60,000 vacancies and remove the franchise and contract schemes. Addressing a meeting, member of Rajya Vidyut Parishad Junior Engineer Sangathan Kedar Tiwari said that no member or employee will carry out the work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17109265", "title": "Women tourist guides storm male bastion", "text": "VARANASI: Women are gradually breaking into the male bastion of tourist guides, a trend that seems rightly placed to cater to the increased demand for members of the fairer sex in the profession.A pioneer in this movement, Jayanti Chatterjee, 62, fondly called 'didi' by her English-speaking tourist friends whom she has provided guided tours to for the past 28 years, says, \"It is a challenging task for a person from any gender. The day starts at 4 in the morning and ends at 10 or 11 in the night. But in return, one gains a lot of experience about life, people and places. Nowadays, tourists are more comfortable with female guides.\" Chatterjee has worked with the first women to be approved as a tourist guide, late Mrs O Kelly in the city for quite some time.Beena Mishra is another prominent name among the city's female tourist guides. She told TOI that the nature of her job and her passion for it can be gauged from the fact that she had a narrow escape in three bomb blasts in the city in the past five years. Mishra, who holds a post graduate degree in biochemistry from BHU and a diploma in German language, feels that the field will attract more girls if some security is provided to them. At the same time, knowledge of a few foreign languages is an added bonus, she says.While there are four female tourist guides registered with India Tourism, a number of female applicants were seen queuing up at a training session for local tourist guides organised by UP Tourism in Chowkaghat area.Kadambini Srivastava, a post graduate in journalism from Mahatma Gandhi Kashi Vidyapeeth (MGKV), who is undergoing training as a tourist guide, shares, \"It is the passion of visiting places and meeting people rather than acquiring professional accomplishments that helps in the field. Varanasi has ample scope in tourism and more tourist guides will be required in the coming years. Girls apart from being naturally sophisticated, soft-spoken and interactive, which are essential qualities for this profession, are also sincere towards their work.\"Recalling a past incident in which a group of elite tourists insisted for female guides only, deputy director, UP Tourism, Avinash Mishra, informed that although there is a scarcity of female guides, they are much in demand and preferred over their male counterparts.Apart from that, if the tourist groups are all-women or have sufficient number of women in them, their first preference is female tourist guides.While there are around 3 to 5 girls in every batch of 50 applicants for the ongoing local guides training programme, few state level women guides will also be coming to the city among the 1000 new state level guides registered with UP Tourism.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17111324", "title": "People said my career was over: Madhur Bhandarkar", "text": "The 9-year old ordeal and trauma of director Madhur Bhandarkar and his family ended suddenly on Monday morning when the honourable Supreme Court quashed the rape charges leveled against Madhur by starlet Preeti Jain.Madhur's wife Renu broke into tears when he called her with the joyful news. Says Madhur, \"Our marriage was only six months old when this case happened. I called her. She was traveling . She jumped out of her seat. In fact when I left for the court in the morning she had told me it would end today.\"Speaking minutes after the verdict from the court premises Madhur said, \"When I heard the verdict I didn't understand what was being said. My senior counsel Harish Salve said 'Madhur,your case is over'. It still didn't registrer. I can't tell you what I felt at that moment. Everything froze. For a few seconds I was lost. My other lawyer Shreyansh Mithare shook me and told me I was finally free of the charge that had haunted me for nine years.\"Unable to express his relief Madhur said, \"It took me time to just walk across that corridor of the Supreme Court. I thought I was in a dream. I went in a corner, stood and wept like a baby. The relief is something I can't put in words.\"Speaking for the first time on the horrific ordeal he went through Madhur says, \"I continued to work as normal. But somewhere within me the false accusation was always there haunting and tormenting me. But I had to be brave. I didn't want my detractors to feel for even a second that I was cowed down. I had the support of my wife, sister and mother and friends ,specially Ashoke Pundit who stood by me all through.\"Madhur says it was his work that kept him going. \"I was never demoralized. I never had to face any kind of suspicion or negativity because of what I was going through. Some of the biggest heroines happily worked with me.Whether it was Bipasha Basu , Priyanka Chopra or Kareena Kapoor I never felt any awkwardness just because someone had made such a nasty accusation against me. I continued to make my movies. I think I did my best work during this period of trial. I feel a crisis like this spurs you to do better than your best. In fact right after false allegation I made Page 3 for which I got the National award. Then I made another National award winning film Fashion . I never fumbled during these past nine years. I continued doing my work.\"Madhur now reveals how hurt he was by doomsday prediction for his career. \"When it happened I know a lot of people said Madhur Bhanadarkar's career is over. But I made films that the government honoured. Somewhere that reassured me. I felt the people who matter saw through the false charge.\"Speaking of the wider repercussions of the charge leveled against the filmmaker for \"raping\" the starlet with false promises of roles in his films Madhur opines, \"I feel somewhere this incident permanently damaged the rapport between directors and aspiring actors.Filmmakers said, ' Jaisa Madhur Bhandarkar ke saath hua hamare saath na ho jaye.'. After my experience no director wants to meet a new actor or actress directly. We now have casting agencies to do the casting in our films. A lot of filmmakers have installed CCTV cameras in their offices to ensure that any meeting with actors is not misrepresented.\"Sighs Madhur, \"This has been a decisive year. I will never forget 2012. I am in tears right now. I am all choked up with happiness.Trust me, though I've been through hell I was never made to feel awkward or unwanted anywhere. Don't forget, I got three National award while the case was on. Common people, colleagues, politicians everyone supported me. And the most surprising part was that women supported me through this ordeal.\"Madhur is now planning a big victory bash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17110953", "title": "Karthika returns to M-Town", "text": "She made an impressive debut in Malayalam, albeit in an arthouse flick, 'Makaramanju', which had her playing a rather sensual role \u00e2\u20ac\u201d as legendary artist Raja Ravi Varma's muse. While her role as Sugandha Bai won her many best debutant awards last year, actress Karthika Nair went slow in the Malayalam film industry even as she got busy in Tollywood and Kollywood. Now, almost a year after her debut, the actress will be back in M-Town with a commercial flick \u00e2\u20ac\u201d director Thomsun K Thomas' Mammootty-Dileep-Kunchacko Boban starrer, 'Kammath and Kammath'.  \"I received the most number of offers from Malayalam ever since the success of my Kollywood film, Ko. Though, I went slow in Mollywood in order to choose a good role and live up to the expectations people have of me, especially since my debut here was critically appreciated,\" Karthika says. \"When the script of Kammath and Kammath came my way, I was actually shocked; for, multi-starrer flicks with such popular stars generally don't have enough room for the heroine's role. However, I was delighted to find that the film is centred on the character I play in the flick. It's nothing like Sugandha Bai or Urvashi in Makaramanju; this one is an entirely commercial flick, where I play this bold girl.\" While the shoot is scheduled to start this month, Karthika is also filming her Tamil flick, Deal , alongside actor Arun Vijay. \"While Telugu and Tamil have been offering me mostly commercial entertainers, I look forward to Malayalam cinema for the variety of roles it offers its heroines. Though, it's not like one industry is better than the other. Each throws open its own challenges,\" she signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "17108826", "title": "Youth booked for raping, poisoning girl in Haryana", "text": "SIRSA: Police on Sunday booked a 23-year-old youth for allegedly poisoning a 21-year-old girl after raping her at an unidentified location in a village falling under Odhan police station.The accused, identified as Vikki Kumar, also consumed poison. The incident came to light when the two were spotted lying unconscious near Odhan village.The victim as well as the accused was rushed to civil hospital. The condition of the victim is stated to be stable and she was discharged from the hospital. The accused is unconscious, hence unfit to join the investigations, inspector Bhartender Singh, station house officer (SHO) of Odhan police station said.A case under section 363 and 376 of IPC has been registered against him on the victim's statement, he added.Enquiries revealed that the victim, a resident of Jodhpuria village and the accused, a resident of Peer Kherha village, were known to each other and the two had gone missing since Friday. Their families had lodged missing complaints with the police.\"We are in the process of verifying the facts. The accused is unconscious. His statement holds the key so far as investigations are concerned. Both of them were known to each other and the accused consumed poison. We have to verify the circumstances which forced him to consume poison ,'' Bhartender, who is investigating the case, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17108383", "title": "Harbhajan Singh hits out at critics", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Back in the Indian cricket team after spending almost a year in the sidelines, off-spinner Harbhajan Singh on Monday hit back at his critics and said that it cannot be a \"one-way traffic\".Shortly after leading his side Punjab to an innings win over Hyderabad in the Ranji Trophy, Harbhajan said: \"A good bowler should not be only judged by his wickets count, his skillful bowling methods should also be taken into account.\"His (a spinner's) role changes according to the wicket. Some people who have not played cricket themselves have been writing crap stuff about me. But it can't be like one-way traffic.\"I have seen legendary spinners like Shane Warne and Muttiah Muralitharan going wicketless in matches. Similarly, I am not a magician, I too can have rough times,\" he added.The offie, who has taken 406 wickets in 98 Tests, said he has \"evolved as a cricketer\" and was excited about the news of his selection.Adding that he was looking forward to playing his 100th Test soon, Harbhajan said, \"I'm excited about the news of my selection in the Indian Test team. It is a big news for me. Although I played in the Twenty20 World Cup in Sri Lanka, securing a Test berth was always on my mind.\"It would be nice to complete 100 Test matches, I just can't wait to get into the white flannels for India against England,\" said Harbhajan.Having struggled to take wickets in the recent past, he said, \"During the time I was out of the Indian team I got time to work on different aspects of the game. I captained Punjab team and also the Mumbai Indians.\"I think I have become a good listener and can handle things on the field in a better way. I have learnt to make the moves rather than work for things to happen on their own. I have evolved as a cricketer in the last one year.\"On the nature of Indian pitches, he said, \"The Indian wickets should be sporting ones. If we are playing on green wickets then they should be offering some help to the spinners also on the fourth and the fifth day.\"The wickets should have everything for everyone. When M S Dhoni says that he has not seen any spinner getting the ball bounce in the rib cage area of the batsman in the recent past, I agree with him.\"I would love to bowl on a wicket which has both turn and bounce, so that I can also bowl in the rib area of the batsman from outside the off stump\".On Punjab's big win, he said, \"It is wonderful to start the Ranji season with the win. The boys played exceptional cricket to overpower the opposition. All credit goes to each one of them. I think all of them have the potential to reach at the top one day.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17109012", "title": "Students petition collector for rerouting of Tamil Nadu State Transport Corporation bus", "text": "TRICHY: A group of school students from Mettupatti village in Trichy district on Monday petitioned the collector, seeking stoppage for a TNSTC (Tamil Nadu State Transport Corporation ) route bus in their village. The students, studying between classes six and 10, travelled about 40 km to meet the collector, Jayashree Muralidharan. They requested her to ask TNSTC to ply route No 7A to Mettupatti, which at present plies between Musiri and Pulivalam, to enable them to reach their school in Thandaliputhur.The collector, who was officiating at the weekly public grievances day meeting, after hearing the students' petition, summoned a manager from the Trichy division of the TNSTC.In the application, which was signed by 28 of them, the students said that the Musiri to Pulivalam bus takes a detour at the point of their Mettupatti village, and if it were to reach their village covering an additional distance 1.5 km it would do them a lot of good.They further said in their petition that they approached the local (Mannachanallur) MLA, T P Poonatchi, on Sunday morning and the latter expressed his inability to do anything in this matter. However, Poonatchi denied the allegation saying that it was an outright lie. \"I have already spoken to the transport manager and the bus would ply to Mettupatti after Diwali. So, what is the big deal?\" The MLA alleged that some disgruntled DMK men were behind such acts and they were using the gullible students as baits.The general manager of TNSTC, Trichy division, N Pasupathy, said that retracing the 1.5 km to Mettupatti would not be a problem as it was an existing route. Also, the corporation would not mind operating a new route provided, a receipt of Rs 15 per km was ensured. \"The corporation normally breaks even when it earns the operational cost of Rs 24 a km and the deficit is compensated by the state government,\" Pasupathy explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17108715", "title": "Pune Municipal Corporation adjourns meeting on development plan", "text": "PUNE: The special General Body (GB) meeting of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) to discuss the Development Plan (DP) for the old city area was adjourned with the corporators demanding that a copy of the plan along with maps be given to each member.Last month, the City Improvement Committee had approved the new DP spanning 2007-2027 for the old city area with special provisions for the Pune metro rail project, a transport hub, expansion of main roads, schemes for housing for the poor and cluster development of old dilapidated wadas.The GB has to approve the DP and then publish it to seek suggestions and objections from citizens. However, when the special GB meeting started, opposition members demanded copies of the DP. Besides pressing for DP copies, leader of opposition Vasant More said, \"The development control rules are in English language. These rules should be translated for corporators. Hence, the meeting should be postponed\". Some corporators said the civic administration should make a detailed presentation on the DP.BJP corporator and city unit chief Vikas Mathkair said the civic administration should first give copies of the plan and then convene the meeting. Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) corporator Babu Wagaskar said the elected members will pay the civic administration for the copies.Municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak said the civic administration will make a detailed presentation to elected members and that a copy of the DP was available in the municipal secretary's office. The civic administration has taken a stand that copies of the DP should not be provided before the GB approves the plan. However, opposition parties demanded that individual members should get a copy each.Interestingly, some Congress corporators, who had asked for DP copies a couple of days ago, received their copies. \"We have received the hard copies of the DP from the civic administration,\" said Congress corporator Sanjay Balgude.The civic administration announced that presentation of the DP will be made on Friday while the special GB will be conducted on December 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17107486", "title": "State, Haldia Bulk Terminals oppose Kolkata Port Trust's move to recall HC order", "text": "KOLKATA: The state government and Haldia Bulk Terminals (HBT) see eye to eye on at least one issue. They both want Kolkata Port Trust (KoPT) to accept the letter of termination issued by HBT that would allow the company to formally suspend operations at Haldia Dock Complex and remove its equipment from Berths 2 and 8.On Monday, when KoPT counsel Arunava Ghosh moved an application before Justice Soumen Sen of Calcutta high court's vacation bench, praying for recall of Friday's order, he faced opposition from both state counsel Saptangshu Basu and HBT's senior advocate Samaraditya Pal. They insisted that the application is not maintainable as there has been no change in the situation at Haldia. Order was finally restored when Justice Sen observed that the matter will be heard by a regular bench after the Puja vacation.On October 16, HBT had moved a petition in high court, saying it had been forced to suspend operations because of deteriorating law and order in Haldia. On October 19, the court directed the East Midnapore administration to provide protection to the company for a fee. On October 26, KoPT moved an application in high court, praying for orders on HBT to resume work at HDC within a deadline and permission to terminate the contract if it fails to do so.Within 48 hours of this, three HBT officials were allegedly abducted at gunpoint from a flat in Haldia. On October 31, even as the court was preparing to hear KoPT's application, HBT served its termination notice on the port management. On Friday, when the matter came up for hearing again, KoPT counsel Biswarup Gupta told the court that he wishes to withdraw the application as it has become infractuous. The court agreed. Within hours, the port management claimed that it had passed no such instructions on Gupta and filed an application for recall of the court's order. This application was moved on Monday.Through this application, KoPT wants to establish that it hasn't accepted HBT's termination letter. Had it agreed to withdrawal of the application, KoPT wouldn't have been in a legal position to claim damages. \"We want to continue with our application. Let the court throw the application out. We shall then seek damages,\" a highly placed source in KoPT said.\"HBT has illegally, arbitrarily and with mala fide intention abandoned the contract. KoPT will now take its legal course,\" the port management said in a press statement on Monday.Sources revealed that while HBT is not in a position to move its equipment out of Haldia till the matter is sorted out by the court, KoPT is preparing to 'evacuate' cargo from Berths 2 and 8. Several importers have indicated that they are suffering as cargo is stuck on the two berths. On Saturday, KoPT chairman-in-charge Manish Jain had indicated that HBT's rate of evacuation from the berths was not commensurate to its rate of discharge of cargo from the ships.\"KoPT shall take all necessary steps to protect the interest of the port and its users,\" the KoPT management said on Monday. At the moment, there is little that HBT can do to prevent KoPT from removing the cargo from the berths. On Saturday, Jain had indicated that the berths belong to his organisation and not the company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17108208", "title": "Gurgaon catches mountain cycle founding father's eye", "text": "GURGAON: Gary Fisher, known as the 'founding father' of mountain bikes, is in India on his maiden visit. He made a stop at the Biodiversity Park in Gurgaon on Sunday morning where he had come pedalling side by side with more than 220 cycle enthusiasts from Delhi-NCR in a cycling event which started from Lajpat Nagar, Delhi.Fisher, who owns an internationally renowned bicycle brand, sees a growing market in India for this adventure sport. He feels there are many routes and tracks, among which Gurgaon scores very high, which can further be explored. He is in the city to promote this clean and exciting sport.It was a memorable day for bicycle enthusiasts from Delhi-NCR who had gathered at the Biodiversity Park to listen to Fisher. There were unending of autograph sessions and photo shoots.Talking to TOI, Fisher said, \"I am here to converse with bikers and spread the idea of mountain biking which is just growing up here. Bicycles were there for many years, but it is only in recent times they are being used for exercise, leisure and adventure sport.\"The visit to India by Fisher is being seen as a big development by cyclists who feel it will put a \"face\" to the sport. Fisher, a role model for cycle enthusiasts, had started competing in road and track races as a small boy and is considered one of the inventors of the modern mountain bike.The owners of Gary Fisher cycles boast of their ability to traverse any trail. \"It is the cycle's sturdiness which gives you faith that your cycle will not fail you. It becomes important in traversing a treacherous path, where even a crack in the frame could be fatal, said an owner of Gary Fisher bicycle.Instead of sight-seeing, Fisher will be visiting Bangalore, another hub for cycle enthusiasts, in the next couple of days where he will participate in a similar event.Anand Sinha, co-founder of Gurgaon-based cyclists' group Pedal Yatris, said, \"Gurgaon has a lot to offer in terms of routes and tracks in the Aravalis where cyclists can get to see things which are otherwise invisible. It is a great sport which has gained momentum in the last few years and has the potential to emerge as a sought-after outdoor activity.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17107994", "title": "'School Buzz a confidence boosting exercise'", "text": "NAGPUR: The parents of the School Buzz editors of Vimaltai Tidke Convent, Beltarodi and their teacher coordinator felt that the experience of working for the page had increased the confidence of the students.\"I think it was a great experience for our children. Their confidence level has gone up considerably after School Buzz,\" said Manda Borkar, mother of student editor Shruti Borkar.The teacher coordinator of the school, Poonam Bhardwaj also agreed with Borkar and said that the students were assertive about putting across their point of view. \"They got a chance to express themselves. This, in fact, was a great lesson in team work. It was only because of their united effort that they could come out with such an excellent page,\" she said.The Buzz editors were all charged up as they toured the TOI office, especially the editorial section. Each of them had a range of questions to ask and in their own words \"drew a lot from this experience.\"School Buzz has enhanced our thinking abilities. When sir asked us to think about the probable topics for first period and black board, our minds were continuously thinking, weighing the pros and cons of each topic. It was a different decision making exercise,\" said Rituja Bezalwar, a student editor.\"I love writing which is why working for School Buzz was enjoyable as well as educating. Now, I am inspired to consider journalism as a career option. I am also motivated to read more and improve my vocabulary,\" Rituja said.Another student editor Shivani Namjoshi also harbours a dream to become a journalist and said that getting the opportunity to write for TOI was a great honour. \"It taught me to observe, learn and improve as per our surroundings. This experience made me understand the significance of having vast general knowledge. Now I know understand that journalism is also about giving back to people through our writing,\" she added.For student editor Samruddhi Ramteke School Buzz gave her lessons on how to deal with people. \"When we interviewed people for first period we learnt how to put pose smart questions and seek the right answers. The experience taught us how to put forth our ideas,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17108936", "title": "Kids exhibit scientific temper", "text": "Under the aegis of Science Research Club, Banda, the 20th National Children Science Congress 2012 conducted its nodal level competition for Atarra and its nearby area at Tathagat Gyansthli Senior Secondary School, Atarra (Banda), recently. The programme was inaugurated by club head Shani Kumar, principal of the school, KK Amma and the jury Dr Akhilesh Kumar Chaudhary, Dr Anant Tripathi, Dr Brijmohan Singh and Dr Rakesh Kumar Singh.The child scientist presented their projects on \"Energy explore, harness and conservation\" and suggested ways to conserve it. They also explained how energy wasted though lights etc can be conserved.Child scientist Suryansh Gupta, Ashish Sharma, Ayushi Singh, Utkarsh Dwivedi from Tathagat Gyansthli nd Ajay Gupta and his group from Aadarsh Inter College, Bisanda were selected for the district level competition which will be held at Saraswati Vidya Mandir inter College, Banda.The project was completed under the supervision of guide teachers Manish Kesharwani, Nitendra Dhuriya and Manoj Kumar and Ramesh Chandra Gupta. Ratnesh Singh of the club Purti Gupta, Omeshwari Pandey, Kuldeep Singh and Abhilasha Suri played an important role in the co-curricular activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17107530", "title": "2 luxury cars found as conman spills beans, more cases emerge", "text": "NEW DELHI: Conmen before Sumit Walia and Varun Datta have sold the same car to two persons, but few can claim to have got the same car financed from two banks, or got massive bank loans for cars that didn't exist, or snatched cars from the very people they sold them too. Walia and Datta, arrested last week for defrauding HDFC Bank of Rs 4.2 crore, did all this in their brief career, police claim.After interrogating the two car \"importers\" over the weekend, the crime branch has been able to recover two luxury cars \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a Porsche and a BMW 5-series \u00e2\u20ac\u201d that the duo took away from buyers. SBS Tyagi, DCP (crime), said Datta (27) led them to the Porsche in Hauz Khas. \"This is the same car that Benoy Berry, honorary consul general of the Republic of Burundi, had lost in 2010. Berry had complained that he paid Walia around Rs 2 crore in 2007 to arrange a Range Rover and the Porsche. Although Walia got him the cars, he did not deliver any documents, and three years later he took the cars away from Berry's hotel in Goa\".The BMW belongs to south Delhi resident Rajiv Kar and was found in Mayapuri, west Delhi, at Datta's instance. \"He helped Kar arrange a loan of Rs 28 lakh from a private bank and got him the car. But a few days later, he took it away like Walia took away Berry's car,'' said additional DCP (crime) Bhism Singh.Sources in the crime branch said they have received several more complaints against the duo after the arrests. Datta has been charged in a fresh case involving a woman named Anita Sidhu. \"We found that Datta helped Anita get a loan from a private bank to buy a secondhand BMW. A few days later, recovery agents from another bank took away her car for payment default. It was then that Anita found out the car had also been sold to a man named L Bakshi,'' said Bhism Singh.Police are also investigating a complaint by a Congress leader who was allegedly sold the Range Rover taken away from Berry. They will now seek Datta's remand in the Anita Sidhu case for two days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17108409", "title": "Lucknow Development Authority drives slum out of Aliganj", "text": "LUCKNOW: After demolishing unauthorised constructions on Faizabad Road and Mahanagar area, Lucknow Development Authority (LDA) on Monday removed slum encroachments in Sector-G of Aliganj area. The slum-dwellers had illegally occupied LDA's 106 plots in this area. The plots had been allotted to individuals but the authority was not able to give possession as these had been grabbed by the slum-dwellers.An LDA official said, \"These were MIG plots with an area of 100-150 square metres each and their allottees were asking for possession. We had no way but to force them out as they were not ready to vacate the plots even after repeated reminders.\"LDA is on a drive to seal and demolish illegal structures mushrooming across the city after serious instructions from the government. The slum encroachments were removed under supervision of officer on special duty and superintending engineers.\"Our focus is on clearing group housing societies and commercial complexes that have been constructed on maps approved for single units by LDA. There are about 50 to 60 such structures spread across the city\", added an official.LDA's aggressive stance against illegal structures might take a backseat for some time due to the approaching Diwali festival. It would continue to demolish these buildings after the festival, confirmed few officials in LDA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17107813", "title": "DMRC still not ready with metro rail detailed project report", "text": "NAGPUR: City's ambitious metro rail project is getting delayed even before work on it actually began. The deadline for submitting the detailed project report (DPR) was September at the time when Nagpur Improvement Trust (NIT) signed an agreement with Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) on February 22. But now, DMRC shifted the deadline to October and again to early November after conducting a survey in the city.Even though almost a week has passed, lot of work on the DPR is yet to be finished. Also, the Corporation has not given any date for the submission of the report. A NIT official said that it will be available in the last week of November.The delay in preparation of DPR bodes ill for a project that is expected to take seven years for completion. Work on most metro rail projects barring the one in Delhi have been inordinately delayed leading to heavy cost escalations. Even if the metro rail is completed within the deadline - by 2019 - the executing agencies will have a difficult time raising finances. If the cost escalates due to delays then the project may get stuck.DMRC has carried out six types of survey-estimation of transport demand, route alignments and assessment of land requirement for facilities like station areas, electric substations, identification of major above-ground utilities along the proposed metro routes requiring diversion/relocation, etc.In the DPR being prepared it will mention: (1) Location of stations and general layout plans for them (2) Technology to be used (3) Plan for the rolling stock maintenance depots (4) Implementation schedule (5) Estimate of construction cost, operating and maintenance expenses (6) Fare structure (7) Financial and economic analysis of the project (8) Funding plan (9) Identification of issues related to clearances of various government departments (10) Amendment if any required in state or central laws for implementation of the project.The NIT official said that as the metro rail was a complicated project involving the above mentioned aspects, DMRC was taking time to finalize the DPR. \"Metro rail is a new concept in India. As on date it is operational in only three cities which are Tier I cities. The model for Nagpur has to be different because even in 2020 its population won't equal that of Bangalore or Hyderabad,\" he pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17107082", "title": "Expats insist Mumbai still safest city for women", "text": "MUMBAI: The rape of a German citizen in the heart of Bandra has evoked shock among female expatriates. Even as they wait for the facts of the case to unfold, they maintain that Mumbai remains the safest city for women in India.An American citizen who runs a confectionery in the suburbs said very few cities in the country are as accommodating and friendly to lone expat women as Mumbai. \"This is a terrible incident. Yet, I know lots of women who are foreigners and take a taxi at any time of day or night and feel absolutely safe. Touchwood, nothing has ever happened to us,\" she said.Contrast that with New Delhi, where she said a lone foreigner would think twice before calling a cab even during daytime. \"None of my friends in Mumbai have ever expressed discomfort or fear in the city,\" the baker said.Stacy Bee, an American actress and PR professional, said she was appalled to hear about the Bandra assault. \"Particularly because I have several German friends in Mumbai,\" she said, adding, \"I do not know the circumstances surrounding this particular incident, but it is true that by and large Indian men are awestruck by foreign women and you have got to protect yourself from bad behaviour.\"Stacy travels extensively across India on work and has stayed in the interiors of Maharashtra for her film Mala Aai Vhychhay. \"I still think Mumbai is one of the safest cities for a woman who is on her own. I call it the New York of India. There are certain areas of Delhi that are not the best for lone women, but fortunately for me, I have a network of friends who always look out for me,\" she said.A consular staff member who often visits pubs in south Mumbai over the weekend said, \"Going out in groups, with local contacts whom one can rely on, works best. However, that is not always possible and you should be able to get a drink without having to rally an army of bodyguards around you.\"Foreigners use a blend of defence mechanisms, beginning with being aloof and ignoring troublesome characters who stare or pass comments. \"If the situation worsens, you can express yourself by a gesture or by raising a sharp comment in return,\" one expat said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17109821", "title": "Green revolution", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Often under fire from environmentalists for allowing too many 'polluting' thermal power projects in the state, the state government is planning to launch Green Energy Corporation (GEC) soon. The energy department body will focus on generating power from non-conventional sources.The state government is likely to announce formation of GEC in another month's time, government sources told TOI. The corporation, with a majority stake of the state government, will help generate power from non-conventional sources such as the sun and the wind energy in a big way.Confirming the plan, energy minister Arun Kumar Sahu said there has to be greater energy reliance on green sources in the future. \"In the initial phase, the government had largely concentrated on hydropower. Steps were then taken for coal-based thermal power. It is now logical to look for renewable energy on a large scale to meet the energy requirement in the long run. GEC will work towards sustainable alternatives,\" the minister said.Notably, the Naveen Patnaik government has signed memorandums of understanding (MOUs) with 29 companies for new thermal power projects to produce 37440 mega watt power. While one of them is already commissioned, at least seven of these projects are likely to be functional by 2014.While a section in the government wants GEC to be a 100% subsidiary of Odisha Hydro Power Corporation (OHPC), there are also suggestions to make it an independent unit. Sahu said the government is still considering various options before giving final shape to the proposed corporation.Sources said the state government will explore potential investors for the corporation during an event, Invest Bhubaneswar, scheduled on November 26-28 in Singapore . A business-government delegation led by chief secretary B K Patnaik is planning to take part in the event.The Odisha Electricity Regulatory Commission (OERC) in 2007 had asked power distribution companies to source at least 5% of power from clean sources. The distributors are yet to comply.Activists are not convinced about the proposal. \"The government is not serious about green initiatives. It had allotted around 30 mini hydel projects, also other clean energy sources, without advertisement in a dubious manner. I am not optimistic about the new corporation,\" said Biswajit Mohanty, an environment activist.At present, Odisha Renewable Energy Development Agency (Oreda), under the administrative control of the state science and technology department, is the only agency to popularize use of non-conventional energy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "aizawl", "code": "17109275", "title": "Indian Medical Association warns Mizos against quacks", "text": "AIZAWL: Indian Medical Association's (IMA) Mizoram branch has asked people of the state to be wary of quacks.K Lalbiakzuala, a consultant surgeon in the state hospital and health education department and state programme officer of Mizoram Cancer Control Society, said the so-called \"faith-healers\" have done more harm than good to society.\"These 'spiritualists' prayed for our patients and declared that they were cured by God and instructed them not to continue taking medicine or further treatment,\" said Lalbiakzuala.When the treating doctors learn that the patients discontinued treatment and taking medicine, sometimes it's too late for the doctors to treat the patients who eventually die, he added. There are also some quacks who prayed for sick people who approached them and then prescribed medicines, including antibiotics, he added.He said, \"It is no harm if a devotee prays for a sick man as long as he or she does not advise the patient to stop taking medical treatment or medicines prescribed by registered doctors. It was still harmless if a quack prays for a patient without prescribing medicine.\"Citing some examples, he said an old woman died after she refused to go to Mumbai for treatment of lung cancer as a quack advised her that she didn't have the disease at all, he said. Aichhinga, an agriculture minister in the Mizo National Front (MNF) government, died on July 1, 2008, at 68 after some spiritualists publicly declared that he was cured of prolonged kidney failure and asked him to stop dialysis.The incident created quite a furore, especially among the medical fraternity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17108022", "title": "Modern base kitchen to be ready by month-end", "text": "NAGPUR: In a bid to provide quality and hygienic food to passengers at competitive rates, the Central Railway is all set to commission its hi-tech base kitchen at Nagpur station by month-end.\"The Rs45 lakh project at Nagpur will replicate Ballarshah's world-class base kitchen model. The kitchen at Nagpur would have some additional machines, which will replace traditional equipment and manual methods of preparing food,\" said Sumant Deulkar, senior divisional commercial manager (SrDCM). DCM K Jaisankar was also present.The plan to modernize base kitchens at Ballarshah and Nagpur was undertaken as the Railway Board's Catering Policy 2010 envisages good quality food to the travelling public by adopting best trade and hospitality.The kitchen at Ballarshah was commissioned by general manager S K Jain in January 2012. It has been reorganized by using utility spaces, improvement in floor area and better illumination and exhaust system for burners and dampers.The equipment includes semi-automatic 'roti' and 'puri' makers, pulverizes, non-pollutant battery-operated trolleys to carry packed food to platforms among a host of other things. The machine can make over 2,000 'puris' in one hour.These machines may work to great advantage at Nagpur where Janata Khana, consisting of puris and aloo sabji, which is sold for Rs10, is most popular and sold largely.The kitchen at Ballarshah is situated in 2,500 sq feet area. It supplies 1,500-2,000 meals and 500-700 breakfast packs. \"Similar will be the capacity at Nagpur,\" Deulkar added.With 80 pairs of trains passing through Nagpur, the demand for food is ever rising. The revamp of base kitchen at Nagpur, based in 5,500 sq ft area, will help improve the output with less workers.On the issue of staff shortage hampering food services, Deulkar said surplus staff from other departments is being diverted to the kitchen at Nagpur. Besides, additional staff is being recruited.Deulkar further said that Central Railway is also planning to introduce train side vending (TSV) to ensure that passengers get food and breakfast at proper timings.The idea is to implement the TSV concept through existing vendors at stations like Wardha, Itarsi or Betul. For this, combinations of trains will be identified. If implemented, the existing licensees will be charged more. It will benefit passengers, railways and vendors too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17109334", "title": "Woman dies of dengue in Aurangabad", "text": "AURANGABAD: A 35-year-old woman on Monday became the latest victim of dengue, which already claimed two lives in the city in October.The woman, a resident of Waluj, had been admitted to Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH), on October 30 with symptoms of the disease.\"The woman was admitted to GMCH with multiple organ failure and in a serious condition,\" head of the medicine department, Prabhakar Jirvankar, said.On Sunday, the patient suffered from respiratory failure and was put on the ventilator, Jirvankar said, adding, \"She, however, succumbed to the disease the next day.\"At present, five patients are being treated for dengue at the GMCH. Their condition was reported to be stable.Six positive cases were reported in September and about 40 suspected patients were found last month.Recently, municipal commissioner Purushottam Bhapkar had admitted that 30 out of the 99 wards in the city were high-risk areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17108712", "title": "Defence land case: Court allows Lt Gen Thamburaj to visit Bangalore", "text": "PUNE: Former vice-chief of army staff Lt Gen Noble Thamburaj, accused in a defence land lease case, has been granted permission to attend a meeting at BEML in Bangalore between November 8 and 10.While granting him anticipatory bail in the case, the court had imposed the condition on him to not leave Pune without its permission. The court granted him the permission on Saturday.Thamburaj's lawyers Sudhir Shah and Jitendra Sawant prayed to the court of special judge D R Mahajan that he had to attend the meeting to claim remuneration from BEML. The lawyers feared that Thamburaj may be asked to resign as one of the directors of BEML, if he failed to attend the meeting.The judge allowed Thamburaj to visit Bangalore, but directed him to report to CBI on November 11.On January 30, the Army Headquarters, New Delhi, registered a complaint with the CBI alleging that Thamburaj (who was then the General Officer Commanding-in-Chief of the Southern Command in Pune), and former defence estates officer S R Nayyar had extended undue favour to a construction firm, Kalpataru Builders, in a matter of leasing a bungalow on a prime defence land in the Pune cantonment.The complaint said Thamburaj and Nayyar ignored the rules and policies and violated the terms of lease. The Army Headquarters sought registration of offences of criminal conspiracy, cheating and criminal misconduct in the matter. On January 31, the CBI had carried out searches at the residences of Thamburaj and Nayyar and at the office of Kalpataru Builders in Koregaon Park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17108209", "title": "'Put nation above everything else'", "text": "Maulana Syed Kalbe Sadiq Shia clericThe problem with a section of Muslims today is that once they feel a sense of security, their emotions spiral out of control. Instead of containing their passions, they create trouble for those who are giving them this security. You saw what happened in Lucknow after the Alvida Namaz. Many Muslim youth vandalised statues of Mahavir and Buddha. India is a secular state, not Saudi Arabia, Pakistan or Afghanistan . No one has the right to disrespect another religion in this manner. But none of this is ever one-sided. On one hand, Muslims lose control, on the other, opposition forces indulge in mischief-mongering to defame the government. Neither side is blameless. It is high time we put the interest of the nation above everything else. If we destroy the secular fabric of this nation, everyone stands to lose; including all the communities that live in it.At present, the Samajwadi Party should not be thinking about protecting the rights of Hindus or Muslims. They should concern themselves with doing what is good for the country, as a whole. Those people who make inflammatory comments should be discouraged. This blackmailing is unacceptable and the government, in ensuring law and order is maintained, should see to it that no one, Hindus or Muslims, are treated unfairly.Our main problem continues to be the everyday concerns - prices are on the rise, there is no electricity, in rural areas children still do not have access to education. These incidents are just diversionary tactics to take us away from these crucial concerns. This is what the government should first focus on. The government must prioritise imparting education to the youth. There are plenty of sincere people in this country who will educate people without caring for a beneficiary's religious leanings. That, to my mind, is the only thing that the government should treat as top priority.-- (As told to Swati Mathur)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "kapurthala/jalandhar", "code": "17108998", "title": "Punjab: Lack of political will fuels stubble burning menace", "text": "KAPURTHALA/JALANDHAR: Every six months, when Punjab harvests either paddy or wheat in cyclic pattern, newspapers carry government advertisements - with photographs of chief minister Parkash Singh Badal and his son and deputy CM Sukhbir Badal - appealing to farmers not to burn stubble left over on the field following the harvesting.And, every season, deputy commissioners across the state have a busy time issuing orders under Section 144 of CrPC banning burning of the stubble. And, every season, these orders go up in smoke, literally, with no farmer paying heed.With farmers constituting the largest vote bank, many say, the menace has continued unabated due to lack of political will.\"When almost every big politician happens to be a farmer and their own family members continue burning stubble, who will bell the cat?\" asked a senior police official in rural Punjab.\"With Punjab being largely an agrarian state and farmers' issues always remaining sensitive, it is practically impossible to book thousands of farmers when the problem is endemic. There is a lot of political interference,\" said a deputy commissioner, not wanting to be named.With the window between harvesting of one crop and sowing of another being too narrow - about a month to 45 days - farmers choose the quicker way of burning the stubble than manually removing them, which is a time-consuming process. Moreover, the cost of getting them manually removed - about Rs 2,500-3,000 an acre - and the ever-increasing labour charges, has made it economically unviable. Farmers say it's much cheaper and quicker to have them burnt down.\"There is not much time between paddy harvesting and wheat sowing. So, stubble burning appears to be an easy option to most farmers. Earlier, cheap and abundant labour force kept this menace at bay. Now, it is difficult,\" said Gurpreet Singh Ghag, who has large fields in Phagwara.Farmers even put pressure on authorities. \"Panchayts and community leaders from some villages had met me to ask for relaxation of the ban on burning stubble. When I told them it is not possible, they asked me for alternatives,\" said Kapurthala district magistrate Alaknanda Dyal.While prohibitory orders are given under Section 144, a case is made out under Section 188 of IPC for violation of this order.\"These are specific orders under Section 144 of CrPC which empowers the district magistrate to issue such prohibitory orders in anticipation of a threat to public safety from stubble burning,\" said Jalandhar deputy commissioner Priyank Bharti.When asked about these orders being ignored and rarely any case being registered, Bharti said once a district magistrate issues a prohibitory order, it is for the police to take cognizance of its violation and take action.However, police too dither in taking action. Jalandhar SSP (rural) Yurinder Singh Hayer admitted that there was no case registered this year as the police had not received any complaint. \"Panchayats should inform or complain to the police about stubble burning. Only then, action can be taken,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17107806", "title": "India to focus on ocean research", "text": "KOCHI: India is playing a lead role in the Indian Ocean warning and climate monitoring systems and will focus on capacity building to meet the future needs for trained manpower.As part of its preparedness, an international training centre for operational oceanography will be set up at the Indian National Centre for Ocean Information Services (INCOIS) in Hyderabad to meet the future demands of trained manpower, said Shailesh Nayak, secretary, ministry of earth sciences, here on Monday.\"In the current scenario, oceans need to be understood as per the requirements of the society,\" he said. \"Observations made using ocean-based platforms and remote sensing as well as modeling are playing a major role in understanding the oceans,\" he added. Speaking at the 11th biennial conference organized by the Pan Ocean Remote Sensing Conference Association, Isro chairman K Radhakrishnan said a series of satellites, to be launched soon, will aid research on ocean systems.The SARAL-Altika satellite, slated for a December launch, will collect information on sea surface levels with inputs from the Argo floats, he said. SARAL will provide data information on marine meteorology and forecasting, seasonal forecasting and climate research.The Isro chief said various satellite systems launched by his organization have been useful in ocean, weather and climate applications. \"It was INCOIS that developed a tsunami warning system for the country which is now called the Indian Ocean observation system for the entire region,\" he said.Prof Jim Gover, president PORSEC and Satheesh Shenoi, director, INCOIS and V N Sanjeevan, Centre for Marine Living Resources and Ecology (CMLRE), also addressed the five-day conference, 'Ocean remote sensing for the well-being of all.'More than 450 participants from 25 countries are expected to participate. The conference will be spread over 25 technical sessions on Ocean Remote Sensing. An exhibition also is planned during the conference to showcase the emerging technologies in the field of ocean science and technology. , ocean remote sensing, sensors, products developed by researchers, and public and private organizations.Kochi: India is playing a lead role in the Indian Ocean warning and climate monitoring systems in the region and will focus on capacity building to meet the future needs for trained manpower. As part of its preparedness, an international training centre for operational oceanography will be set up at Indian national centre for ocean information services (INCOIS) to meet the future demands of trained manpower.A series of satellites are being launched soon will boost research on ocean systems. The SARAL- Altika satellite which will be launched next month will collect the information on sea surface levels with inputs from the Argo floats, said K Radhakrishnan, chairman, Indian space research organisation (ISRO).Speaking after inaugurating the 11th biennial conference organised by the Pan Ocean Remote Sensing Conference Association (PORSEC 2012) in Kochi on Monday. ISRO's SARALwith argos and altimeter payloads has payloads by France and India will be launching it at Sriharikota.SARAL will provide data information to operational and research user communities, in support of marine meteorology and sea state forecasting, seasonal forecasting and climate research.The ISRO chief said that various satellite systems launched by ISRO such as Oceansat-1 &amp; 2, Megha-Tropiques, RISAT, INSAT are extremely useful for ocean, weather &amp; climate applications. \"Six satellites are being readied but they will not be launched by India,\" he added.\"It was the Indian National Centre for Ocean Information Services (INCOIS) that developed a Tsunami warning system for the country which is now called the Indian Ocean observation system for the entire region.\"Earlier, Shailesh Nayak, secretary, ministry of earth sciences announced that the international training centre for operational oceanography will be set up at Indian national centre for ocean information services (INCOIS) to meet the future demands of trained manpower. \"In the current scenario, oceans need to be understood globally, regionally, as per the requirements of society,\" he opined. \"Ocean observations using ocean-based platforms and remote sensing as well as modeling are playing a major role in provision of such services.Among others who spoke included Prof. Jim Gover, president PORSEC and Satheesh Shenoi, Director, INCOIS and V N Sanjeevan, Centre for marine living resources and ecology (CMLRE), Cochin. The theme of the five-day conference is 'Ocean remote sensing for wellbeing of all'.About 450-500 participants from about 25 countries are expected to participate at the conference. The conference will be spread over about 25 technical sessions dealing with various aspects of Ocean Remote Sensing. An exhibition also is planned during the conference to show case emerging technologies in the field of ocean science &amp; technology, ocean remote sensing, sensors, products developed by researchers, and premier public and private organizations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17106794", "title": "Carlyle, Baring eye 29% WNS stake buy", "text": "MUMBAI: Private equity major Warburg Pincus has initiated fresh talks to sell a 29% stake in business process outsourcing firm WNS Holdings, attracting interest from global peers Carlyle Group, Baring Asia and others, said people familiar with the matter.Investment bankers kicked off a select process after Warburg called off plans to sell the NYSE-listed firm in 2009. Earlier this year, Warburg brought down stake from 48% to 29% through a $110 million secondary public float priced at $9.25 apiece. WNS stock is trading closer to $11 currently, with $530 million market capitalization.WNS is among the top three Indian BPO firms in the attractive finance and accounting (F&A;) back office work. Bain Capital and GIC of Singapore purchased $1 billion stake in Genpact from General Atlantic Partners and Oak Hill Capital in August this year. Last month, Firstsource, a predominantly voice-based back office company, was acquired by Sanjiv Goenka Group setting the deal street active.Warburg Pincus declined to comment, citing internal operational policies. So did WNS and Carlyle, while Baring Asia could not be reached immediately.Carlyle and Baring have scouted for BPO deals in the past. Baring Asia along with Malaysian sovereign fund Khazanah were in discussions to buy out Essar-owned Aegis BPO but talks collapsed on valuation differences. India's BPO industry is projected to grow at around 15% in the next decade despite political campaigns against offshoring of jobs in the western countries. The steady growth in strategic high value back office work, especially in the finance &amp; accounting and research and analytics segments with longer term client contracts, makes some larger Indian BPO firms attractive buyout targets.Warburg had fancied a big exit from WNS three years ago when Apax Partners backed rival BPO firm EXL Services to explore a takeover. Then, WNS opened up discussions with other contenders even as a runaway stock price killed the sale move. Strategic acquirers like EXL may not be excited this time after building capabilities in F&A; and travel and leisure businesses through smaller buyouts. BFSI, healthcare, telecommunications, retail and consumer products, insurance, shipping &amp; logistics are the other key businesses for WNS.If the PE deal doesn't go through, then Warburg could look at selling the 29% stake to the public in tranches, for which the US private equity giant doesn't need to file a separate prospectus. This is because, WNS, at the time of the follow-on offering process, had filed a universal shelf registration statement with the US capital market regulator that provides Warburg the flexibility to sell its entire shares at a future date.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17107986", "title": "Congmen allege Rs 4 lakh crore mining scam in Odisha; seek Patnaik's resignation", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress leaders from Odisha have accused chief minister Naveen Patnaik of presiding over a Rs 4 lakh crore mining scam, saying the recently imposed fines of Rs 58,000 crore on iron ore firms were to preempt being caught by the Justice Shah inquiry.Union minister Srikant Jena told reporters that sudden levying of fines on mining firms for violations was admission of illegality prevalent in the sector. \"Obviously, it has not happened overnight, it has been going on for 10 years. The CM has now imposed fines to show that action was being taken because Justice Shah commission is probing in the state,\" he said.Flanked by MP Bhakta Charan Das, AICC secretary Jayadev Jena and other state leaders, Srikant Jena said Patnaik should resign and face trial for criminal conspiracy, in what may mark the breach of the much-speculated understanding between the two sides.Jena's salvo came against the backdrop of persistent speculation that Congress has decided to go easy on the allocation of coal blocks under Patnaik in exchange for possible support from the BJD in any showdown in Parliament over the decision to allow FDI in multi-brand retail. Jena faced a barrage of questions on why Congress leadership was soft on Patnaik when it was unsparing on other rivals like B S Yeddyurappa for mining irregularities.The Union minister was repeatedly asked if Congress's kid glove treatment of the Odisha CM was because of his 14 Lok Sabha MPs who could be of help in Parliament. Jena denied the assumptions and blamed it on Patnaik's social finesse.\"Yeddyurappa is rustic in style but Patnaik is trained in Delhi. He looks innocent from outside but is very cruel inside. Even national press overlooks Odisha,\" he said.Although Jena and other Congress leaders took pains to stress that they were speaking in their individual capacities, the aggression is unlikely to go down well with the BJD.Jena said, \"This loot has been deliberate and calculated, meticulously planned due to the collusion of the CM with mining operators.\"Odisha Congress chief Niranjan Patnaik wondered why the CM was not ready for a CBI probe if he was confident of his innocence. \"The abrupt action like fine on miners stems from the fear that Shah inquiry will expose 'coalgate' in iron ore,\" he said.Niranjan Patnaik alleged the CM allotted a coal block in 2003 to Orissa Mining Corporation which entered into an agreement with a private firm which was given 74% stake. He alleged the private company was owned by a relative of a former BJP leader.\"The Centre in 2008 found it illegal that OMC entered into an agreement with a private firm. The agreement was cancelled last month, after so many years. Why is the CM waking up now,\" he asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17109252", "title": "Tourism department trains Varanasi-only guides", "text": "VARANASI: For the first time ever, Uttar Pradesh Tourism is training a fresh batch of local tourist guides exclusively for Varanasi.According to deputy director, UP Tourism, Avinash Mishra, the training and licensing process is happening in Varanasi and Allahabad in view of the upcoming Kumbh fair. The training process is meant only for residents of the city. As many as 350 local tourists guides will be registered and will be provided with licenses after they pass all stages of the training process, he said.So far, there were only regional tourists guides registered with India Tourism and state level tourist guides registered with UP Tourism. Mishra said while the regional and state level tourist guides can travel across North India and Uttar Pradesh respectively, the domain of local tourist guides will be confined to tourist places in Varanasi only.Interestingly, the present target of creating a new bunch of 350 local tourist guides is aimed at meeting the scarcity of tourist guides in the city. While there are around 200 state-level tourist guides in the city, India Tourism has given license to around 110 guides at present for Varanasi.\"The license of regional and state-level tourist guides is re-issued every three years after verification, but the license of local tourists guides will be valid for a year and re-issued after that,\" informed Mishra.According to information collected from India Tourism office in Varanasi, there is a huge demand of tourist guides, especially to assist tourists from non-English speaking countries. Over the last two years, the number of Chinese visitors has increased. Besides, German, Italian, French, Korean, Japanese and Spanish tourists form a major share of tourists arriving in the city.\"India Tourism selected regional tourist guides prior to Commonwealth Games in 2010 and there have been no selections since. There is a scarcity of Korean and Japanese speaking tourists guides registered with India Tourism, and this shortage is attended to by tourist guides registered with UP Tourism,\" informed an official from India Tourism.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17107684", "title": "Meeting on Rasbihari school fee hike row today", "text": "NASHIK: The education authorities are scheduled to interact with parents of pupils studying in Rasbihari International School (RIS) on Tuesday on the controversial fee hike by the administration of the school.The two-member committee appointed for fresh inquiries into the fee hike by RIS has reportedly assured them that it would listen to the grievances and suggestions of the parents as well as the NGO, Forum Against Commercialization of Education (FACE).Since the past six months, the parents with the help of (FACE), have been protesting against the alleged hike in the fees. A constant pursuance of the issue led to the director of education, Pune, Dr Shridhar Salunke to ask the deputy director of education in Nashik to initiate an inquiry into the issue in August this year.The report was to be prepared after procuring all relevant documents from the school and after listening to the aggrieved parents.Accordingly, the deputy director of education instructed the education officer of the zilla parishad (ZP), B K Dahiphale to appoint an inquiry committee. A three-member committee was appointed but the parents said that they were not satisfied with the report prepared by the committeeand added that they had not been involved in the process as was decided.The parents and volunteers of FACE also pointed out many drawbacks in the report.\"The report did not mention the expenses, about the audit report among other things. On the contrary, it wrote about the facilities in the school and indirectly said that the hiked fees were justified. We were also not included in the process,\" a parent said.They approached the ZP education officer and deputy director of education on October 8 and told them about their complaints regarding the report following which another two-member committee was formed on October 22 to probe into the matter. The committee was to submit the report in eight days. When contacted, Dahiphale said that the work was in process.Meanwhile, the education officer directed the committee to listen to the parents while making the report and they have been invited to the discussion to be held on Tuesday. The parents have welcomed this the decision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17109631", "title": "Festive rush: You may get more parking space", "text": "CHANDIGARH: You may get more space to park your vehicles. UT traffic police on Monday gave a green signal to a proposal of Chandigarh Beopar Mandal, traders' umbrella body, to allow residents to station their vehicles in nearby open grounds and parking areas of schools, dispensaries and community centres, among others. The nod to the plan that aims at accommodating the festive rush has come with a rider - traders will have to take permission of the heads of these centres.The decision was taken during a meeting of traders with traffic police officers. SP (traffic and security) Manish Chaudhary said, \"It is a good idea and we don't have any problem with it. But traders will have to take permission of the authorities concerned. I have appointed an inspector-rank official who will help them as a liaison officer.\" Charanjeev Singh, president of Chandigarh Beopar Mandal, said, \"We will approach the heads of schools, community centres and stadiums from Tuesday onwards.\" It has also been decided that arrangements would be made to deploy traffic cops and home guards to regularize traffic flow and parking of vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17107921", "title": "Bird flu: Surveillance to continue even if ban lifted", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The department of animal husbandry has decided to continue its surveillance for some more days even if the government lifts the ban on bringing poultry from neighbouring states. The ban was imposed following bird flu being reported in Bangalore last week.A rapid response team has been constituted in the district to take preventive measures in case of a bird flu outbreak. This team will keep a close watch on egg hatcheries, nurseries and private poultry firms in the district.The department has also directed veterinary surgeons to report immediately to the district office in case they come across any unnatural death of poultry or transportation of chickens in large numbers.K Jancy, district coordinator of animal disease control project, said that on November 6 and 7 experts would train veterinary surgeons, paramedical staff and livestock inspectors on how to handle the situation in case bird flu breaks out.\"Experts will take classes on infection control, remedial measures, surveillance technique and vaccination methods. These trained staff will then manage the situation in their respective areas in case of a bird flu outbreak,\" she said.The animal husbandry department has also directed veterinary and paramedical staff to conduct regular field visits. There are 27 egg hatcheries and nurseries in the district apart from the regional poultry farm in Chathamangalam. The department does not know the exact number of private poultry farms in the district.\"A special committee under district collector K V Mohan Kumar is now carrying out inspections to check smuggling of poultry from other states,\" said Jancy. \"The drive will continue till the government lifts the ban. Officials of the departments of police, sales tax, health, excise, railways and regional transport authority are members of this committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17109728", "title": "PGI centre to hold lectures on prevention", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Union ministry of health and family welfare has designated November 7 as National Cancer Awareness Day. The department of radiotherapy at the Regional Cancer Centre, PGI will organize public lectures on cancer awareness, prevention and early detection along with a poster exhibition on that day at the lecture theatre complex.Cancer is a growing problem in the world. Nearly 10 million new cancer cases are diagnosed every year, while seven million die of it. By 2020, 15 million new cancer cases will be diagnosed every year and 10 million will die yearly from this disease.In India, the cancer burden is continuously increasing. The overall incidence of cancer in India and other developing countries is lower than western countries, yet due to the large population in these countries more than 60% of cancer cases are present in the developing world.Between 9-10 lakh new cancer cases are diagnosed in India every year and almost 7 lakh die of it as per the National Tumour Registry, Indian Council of Medical Research estimates. Almost 30 lakh cases are there at any given point of time in the country.B Forty-eight per cent of the cancers among males are related to tobacco smoking or chewing - the two most common addictions in India.India is considered to be the capital of oral cancer, which is caused by chronic and continuous use of tobacco and pan chewing. Almost 40% of all cancers seen at the Regional Cancer Center, PGI are oral cancers among patients coming from Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Orissa and Andhra Pradesh.In women cervical cancer occurs due to poor genital hygiene, which leads to HPV infection, which is responsible for almost 90% of cervical cancers. A large number of cancers occurring in India today are preventable if one can control the habit of tobacco use and if HPV infection can be checked in women.In 1984, National Cancer Control Programme was started by the Government of India for planning and executing strategies for prevention, early detection and treatment of different cancers by creating diagnostic and treatment facilities near home.Twenty seven regional cancer centers and almost 150 oncology wings have been created in different medical colleges for fulfiling goals of National Cancer Control Programme. On National Cancer Awareness Day on November 7, the lecture sessions for the general public will be followed by a question and answer session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17108482", "title": "Mysore DC's office is out of bounds for commuters", "text": "MYSORE: Public transport in Mysore may be taking a giant leap with KSRTC going hi-tech by introducing intelligent transport system. But when it comes to providing services to important locations within the city, the government-run transport department has either failed or has not given a thought about it.Picture this: thousands of people visit the deputy commissioner's office and the city caw courts located in the heart of the city for official work and case hearings daily. But due to lack of direct bus connectivity, those visiting the places are either forced to trek the distance or take private transport, which is expensive, especially for the poor.Neither the district authorities nor those in KSRTC have taken note of the predicament of aged people, women and people from rural areas.Hunsur resident Papanna said villagers visiting the district's main administrative office for any work, grievance meets or to attend hearing at the district magistrate's court face difficulty due to lack of bus connectivity from bus stands. They have to either walk a distance of 1km from CBS or take an auto which costs them (a minimum of) Rs 20. \"Otherwise, we have to take a bus which goes near the DC's office after taking a detour. Even then, we have to walk a distance of over 100-150 metre,\" he said.According to the guestimate of advocate H N Venkatesh, an average of around 400-500 litigants visit the law court in Chamarajapuram daily, and many of them come by bus. Due to lack of facility, they are forced to walk or take auto. \"One of my clients Boregowda from Udbur had told me about the inconvenience. As Mysore taluk court is located in city court premises, all litigants of Mysore taluk will have to come to the city for hearings. The transport authorities should run buses between 10am and 11am, 1pm and 2.30pm, and 5pm and 6pm to facilitate poor litigants,\" he added.KSRTC (urban) divisional controller M N Srinivas told TOI that they have technical and practical difficulty in operating buses to the DC's office. \"We don't have proper connectivity to the place as the movement of city buses from the small archgate at the north side of the DC's office is difficult. Also, we can't operate on Devaraja Urs Road where movement of heavy vehicles is banned,\" he added.Srinivas, however, said that they will consider running a direct bus to court in the morning hours, and also discuss with authorities to start bus services to the DC's office if it is feasible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17108904", "title": "Allahabad University Notice", "text": "VC lays foundation stone for hostel annexeAllahabad University vice-chancellor on Monday laid the foundation stone of a new annexe and mess of Sir Sunder Lal Hostel. The annexe is being constructed from the funds of XIIth Five Year Plan. It will have 53 rooms for hostelers and dinning space for 300 inmates. Many AU teachers were present on the occasion. Besides, the new mess of PC Banerji hostel is also ready and will be inaugurated soon.Proctor NoticeAU chief proctor Prof Mata Amber Tiwari has said that university will conduct an on the spot verification of the rooms allotted to students in hostels. FIR would be lodged against illegal inmates and the students in whose name the room was allotted. AU may also expel the student. If no inmate is found in his or her room during the physical verification drive, the allotment would be cancelled and the room would be locked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17107668", "title": "Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation to construct new fire station at Ambad", "text": "NASHIK: The proposed fire station in the Ambad industrial area is now going to be constructed by the Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC), instead of being built by Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC). as was planned earlier.The initially proposal maintained that the MIDC would allocate its land and the NMC would build the fire station. The MIDC has now decided to construct the station on its own.Over the last few years, there has been a strong demand by industries to have a separate fire brigade station in the Ambad MIDC area, but no progress was seen over the isse despite regular follow up with the MIDC.A delegation of the Ambad Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (AIMA) met municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare who ensured setting up the new station in Ambad after the plot was allotted by the MIDC for the purpose. The district collector, at a meeting of the district industries, had instructed MIDC's executive engineer, Shivji Tupe, to commence the process to identify the land for the station's construction.Speaking to TOI, a senior MIDC official said, \"We have already identified 1.5 acre of plot for the proposed fire brigade station. A decision in the matter is to be taken shortly by the MIDC head office in Mumbai.\"President of the the Ambad Industries and Manufacturers'Association (AIMA) Suresh Mali said, \"There are around 1,500 small, medium and large units in Ambad MIDC. A separate fire station for the industrial area in Nashik was our old demand. It takes much time to reach fire tenders to the Ambad MIDC from the fire in the city. Some units in Ambad MIDC were gutted in fire during the last one-and-a-half years due to such delays.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17109867", "title": "Bangalore's first bio-fuel plant on the anvil", "text": "BANGALORE: The city's first bio-fuel plant will come up in Yediyur ward of south Bangalore. Speaking at the foundation-laying ceremony of the unit on Monday, deputy CM R Ashoka said the city could be made self-sustainable in solid waste management if similar bio-fuel plants are set up to process waste. Ashoka appealed to the elected representatives to find suitable places for the installation of bio-fuel plants in their wards and assembly constituencies.\"For every such unit, I have asked the mayor to grant Rs 2.5 crore,\" the minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17107462", "title": "CID boss to join CMO after retirement", "text": "KOLKATA: CID chief V V Thambi, who retires on November 30, is being roped into the chief minister's office as officer-on-special duty.Thambi was made DG-CID soon after Mamata Banerjee took charge as CM. He is leading the investigation into several key political crime cases - the biggest being the Garbeta skeleton-recovery case in which former CPM minister Sushanto Ghosh was implicated.The Mamata Banerjee government has been lobbying with the Union ministry of home affairs to extend the service of the 1978-batch IPS officer. But the request was turned down. Desperate to retain him in any capacity, Mamata decided to bring her to the CMO, say sources.Thambi will be the first retired IPS office in the Bengal CMO, and the second superannuated officer to be given such a special position.After taking charge in 2011, Mamata had created precedence by giving an extension to Gautam Sanyal, secretary to the chief minister. Sanyal's extension has been made co-terminus with Mamata. Sanyal's appointment as secretary to the chief minister had been opposed by the former chief secretary who had written a note saying only senior IAS officers can be made principal secretary to CM, as it is strictly a cadre post.At Ghosh's insistence, the CM had limited herself to making the officer, who was only a joint secretary in central service, a secretary. Four months later, on September 30, there was no stopping the chief minister from giving extension to Sanyal, a loyalist since Mamata's early days as a Union minister.In Thambi's case, Mamata seems cautious as the Police Act, 1861, prohibits an IPS officer from participating in police-related work after retirement. The chief minister, it seems, wanted Thambi to continue to oversee cases related to former CPM men Sushanto Ghosh and Laxman Seth. He might be advisor to Mamata, who is also the home minister.The other IPS officer to get a post-retirement job in Mamata's tenure was Barun Kumar Mullick, who retired on September 30, 2011, as special IG-traffic.Apparently, Mullick was the classmate of a very influential officer in the CMO and he was reemployed initially as DIG-administration. He later became OSD and special IG-modernisation.Another officer, DIG-armed police has become OSD, crime records bureau. Thambi, it is believed, will help ADG-law and order Surajit Kar Purakayastha and DGP Naparajit Mukherjee in dealing with important cases. He will liaise with CID in cases related to Sushanto Ghosh and Laxman Seth - but only in his capacity as OSD, CMO, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17108719", "title": "'Lack of scientific labs a setback to archaeology'", "text": "PUNE: The Deccan College Postgraduate and Research Institute has the only laboratory in India that can scientifically analyse the remains found during archaeological excavations. Experts say that lack of more such laboratories poses a huge setback.The laboratory has elaborate facilities for archaeological chemistry, palynology, archaeozoology, archaeobotany, biological anthropology, sedimentology, paleontology, physical chemistry, X-Ray diffraction and computing.It carries out scientific analysis of archaeological remains recovered from various excavations. The laboratory services are extended to other institutions and university departments in the country, including the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) and state departments of archaeology.Vasant Shinde, senior archaeologist and joint director of Deccan College, said, \"The analysis helps in interpreting the evidences found at excavation sites. Scientific analysis gives accurate and true results.\"He said, \"Several new techniques of analysing samples scientifically have come up around the world, but India lags behind. Japan has a laboratory that can do DNA testing of skeletal evidences found at excavation sites. These tests can draw conclusions such as diet of humans during that period, nutrition, diseases, etc. However, in India these technologies are not available and hence we have to send samples abroad. It is a very expensive affair and many times there are no funds available for the same.\"Shinde had excavated a site in Balathal in Rajasthan in 2009 that probably had evidences of leprosy dating back to 4,000 years to the Ahar Chalcolithic culture. In order to confirm this, the skeleton that was found at the site was sent to Japan for DNA testing.S K Mitra, director, archaeology, ASI, said, \"Scientific laboratories play an important role in the analysis of evidence. A lot of researchers carry out excavations at various sites in India and if their work is supported by state-of-the-art laboratories, it would definitely do wonders in the field.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17108679", "title": "Police custody of man who cheated divorcees extended", "text": "PUNE: The police custody remand of Kiran Deshpande, who took Rs 1.24 crore from a divorcee by promising marriage, has been extended till November 7.Thirty-two-year-old Deshpande was arrested on November 2. Police also booked his father Sharad Deshpande for abetting the crime.Inspector Shrikant Navale (crime) of the Kothrud police station said that during questioning Deshpande admitted to have cheated at least six women, all divorcees, by promising to marry them and assuring their relatives good posts in his software firm. He would take money from them and vanish, said Navale.The police are collecting details of his NRI bank account. \"Deshpande told us that he had invested the money thus collected for purchasing goods. But we are verifying he is really runs a software firm,\" Navale said.The incident had come to light after one of the victims registered a case against Deshpande for cheating her of Rs 1.124 crore between 2011 and 2012.Assistant public prosecutor A V Ausekar said that Deshpande's custodial interrogation was essential for re-covering Rs 1.24 crore. He also sought time to find out if Deshpande had made investments in real estates. Ausekar pleaded for sufficient time to the police for thorough investigations. He was produced in the court of judicial magistrate first class S S Bose on Monday following expiry of his police custody. His police remand has been extended till November 7.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17109894", "title": "Get your EPIC cards in order this month-end", "text": "BANGALORE: If your name, date of birth or address is wrongly spelt in your voter ID, you have one more month to apply for corrections.You can view hard copies of the draft electoral roll in BBMP ward offices, voter facilitation centres , booth level offices and BBMP revenue offices.You can also submit your application online by logging on to www.voterreg.kar.nic.in\"On Monday, we put up the draft electoral roll in all ward offices. Proper boundaries have been fixed for all polling stations by using geographic information system mapping and the voters' list is being prepared accordingly . This rationalization will help citizens locate their polling stations and verify details in the voters' list. People can also call the BBMP control room at 22660000 in case of any queries,\" said BBMP commissioner Rajneesh Goel.You can now get details about your polling station , assembly constituency and other details by sending the voter ID card number to 9243355223 via SMS. Type KAEPIC and the voter ID card number after a space.Ward offices will have offline search facility to help applicants. Besides, BBMP is also planning to set up drop boxes where people can drop their applications for addition, deletion and corrections to be made in the ID card.Poll schedulePublication of draft roll: Nov 5, 2012Claims and objections: Nov 5 to Dec 4Special campaign dates: Nov 18 and 25, Dec 2Disposal of claims and objections: Dec 26Publication of final roll: Jan 16, 2013", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17107745", "title": "State govt liable to compensate Malayalis dying abroad: HC", "text": "KOCHI: It is not just the central government but also the state government which is liable to pay compensation for Malayalis who die abroad, the Kerala high court ruled on Monday.The state government has the responsibility to resolve complaints filed by dependents of those who die abroad, justice B P Ray held. The court was considering the compensation claim raised by Margaret DCruz, wife of Wilfred Dcruz, who died at Riyadh in Saudi Arabia in 1985. While Wilfred was returning from work, a bomb planted at a bus stop had gone off, resulting in his death.The court's ruling on the government's responsibility was following additional solicitor general G Masilamani's submission that Malayalis working abroad are sending crores of rupees to Kerala. Masilamani appeared in the case for the Centre on specific direction by the court earlier.The court also ordered for sending notice to the chief secretary of the state government in the compensation case. The court has asked the government to inform within two weeks whether the compensation in the case can be provided from the chief minister's relief fund.Earlier, the central government had informed the court that it is willing to pay compensation if Saudi government is unwilling to pay. The Saudi government had failed to nab the terrorists behind the blast that killed Wilfred. As Saudi law prescribes that blood money has to be paid by perpetrators of the crime, Margaret didn't get any compensation.Margaret's counsel A X Varghese had demanded that the Indian government should raise a compensation claim before the International Court of Justice if Saudi government is unwilling to pay.Not only central government but state government is also liable to pay compensation for Malayalis who die abroad, the Kerala High Court ruled on Monday.State government has the responsibility to resolve complaints filed by dependents of those who die abroad, Justice BP Ray held.The court was considering the compensation claim raised by Margaret DCruz, wife of Wilfred Dcruz, who died at Riyadh in Saudi Arabia in 1985. While Wilfred was returning from work, a bomb planted at a bus stop had gone off, resulting in his death.The court's ruling on state government's responsibility was following additional solicitor general G. Masilamani's submission that Malayalis working abroad are sending crores of rupees to Kerala. Masilamani appeared in the case for the central government on specific direction by the court earlier.The court also ordered for sending notice to the chief secretary of the state government in the compensation case. The court has asked the state government to inform within two weeks whether the compensation in the case can be provided from chief minister's relief fund.Earlier, the central government had informed the court that it is willing to pay compensation if Saudi government is unwilling to pay.Saudi government had failed to nab the terrorists behind the blast that killed Wilfred. As Saudi law prescribes that blood money has to be paid by perpetrators of the crime, Margaret didn't get any compensation.Margaret's counsel AX Varghese had demanded that Indian government should raise a compensation claim before the International Court of Justice if Saudi government is unwilling to pay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17109873", "title": "'Destroyed Western Ghats will turn South India into desert'", "text": "PANAJI: Mention mining to noted wildlife filmmaker Shekar Dattari and he says simply, \"Mining strips everything away and turns pristine rainforests into wastelands.\"The conservationist who has earned international recognition for his films 'Silent Valley-An Indian Rainforest' (based on the Western Ghats) and 'Mindless Mining-The Tragedy of Kudremukh' was recently in Goa. And though the current ban on mining in the state has brought the damage caused to the Western Ghats by thoughtless ore extraction into sharp focus, what Dattari has in mind is Kemmanagundi in Karnataka. \"Mining activity stopped there 30 years ago, but nothing grows there even today.\"It is Dattari's firm belief that mining poses one of the biggest threats to the Western Ghats that stretch across 1,600 km from the Gujarat-Maharashtra border to the southernmost tip of the subcontinent, Kanyakumari.\"As many as 65 rivers originate in the Western Ghats and 400 million people living in South India are dependent on these rivers,\" says the filmmaker whose wildlife exploits began at age 13 at the Snake Park in Chennai.\"The Krishna River, which is the lifeline of Chennai city where I live, originates in the Western Ghats in Maharashtra. The rice bowl of Tamil Nadu-Thanjavur-gets its water from Cauvery, which originates in the ghats of Karnataka. In Andhra Pradesh, vast stretches of lush paddy fields are watered by the Godavari,\" he elucidates. Destroying the forests that are the source of these rivers in the ghats could turn peninsular India into a desert. \"All the development carried out will be meaningless if we do not have water for drinking, agriculture, industries and sanitation,\" he warns.He stresses that ecologically-sensitive areas like the Western Ghats need to be contiguous to survive. But human activity, in the form of construction of roads, railways, dams, and clearing for plantations and human settlements have already done much damage to the contiguity of the forests that are home to tigers and the largest population of the Asian elephant.\"Wildlife conservation is not just a buzzword or about being kind to animals. Once destroyed, our natural heritage created through millions of years of evolution cannot be recreated,\" says the filmmaker, who, in 1998, was recognized by UK trade magazine Television Business International as one of the top 10 rising stars of wildlife filmmaking. He also has documentaries for 'National Geographic' and the 'Discovery Channel' to his credit.Pointing out \"we have only discovered a fraction of the species and life in the ghats\", he says, \"Every time scientists go there, they discover new things. New diseases are emerging in the world and these forests could well have the blueprints for the medicines we need to combat these illnesses.\"\"The Western Ghats are like a vast library with books containing immense knowledge being destroyed even before the books in it can be read,\" he says, again, simply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17108820", "title": "CEC likely to submit mining report to SC by November-end", "text": "PANAJI: The Supreme Court's (SC) Central Empowered Committee (CEC) is likely to submit its preliminary report on Goa's illegal mining to the SC after td vacation and the matter is likely to come up for hearing in the SC by November-end.The SC had in an order, directed the CEC to submit its report on the writ petition, which is essentially based on the report of the Justice M B Shah Commission. A preliminary report from the CEC should reach the SC within four weeks from Monday, said CEC sources, adding that the CEC is busy preparing the report on Goa's illegal mining, which would be ready by the end of this week.The CEC inspected around 12 mines in North and South Goa and also sought additional information from the state government on environment clearance, mining plans and production figures for the last five years.The petition had been filed in the court in the wake of the Shah Commission's report, tabled in Parliament on September 7, alleging that iron ore worth 35,000 crore was plundered by the mining companies, committing theft of government property.SC had first heard the case on October 5 and halted all mining activity in the state. The state government has decided to seek more time to file a reply in the SC in the illegal mining case.Goa has around 90 operational mines and the Shah Commission has pointed out illegalities in all the operational mines. Around 48 village panchayats and four municipalities from the mining belt have written a letter of appeal to the chief justice of India, requesting that legal mining be resumed immediately.The Goa mineral ore exporters' association (GMOEA), a body that comprises mine owners, had also decided to file an intervention petition in the SC in the illegal mining case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "bangalore/new delhi", "code": "17107498", "title": "Richa, ten others banned for two years", "text": "BANGALORE/NEW DELHI: Delhi swimmer and holder of several national records, Richa Mishra was on Monday handed a two-year ban for doping violation along with 10 others who had flunked dope tests back in 2010.The panel, which heard into the case, also recommended stripping the athletes of all their medals, points and prizes they won since early August - the time their samples were collected for tests.Urine samples of all the 11 athletes had returned positive for methylhexaneamine (MHA), a stimulant, during dope tests conducted before the 2010 CWG by the National Anti-Doping Agency (NADA). The list of offenders also includes Guangzhou Asiad bronze medal-winning wrestler Mausam Khatri, Beijing Olympian Rajiv Tomar, veteran swimmer Amar Muralidharan and shot putter Saurabh Vij.The others are Akash Antil (athletics), Gursharan Preet Kaur (wrestling), Joginder Singh (wrestling), Jyotsna Pansare (swimming), Rahul Maan (wrestling) and Sumit Sehrawat (wrestling).The verdict came as no surprise as the National Anti-Doping Disciplinary panel chief, Justice (retd) Dinesh Dayal, is known to be a disciplinarian. In a previous case in June last year, the panel banned taekwondo player Jitendra Verma for two years for a similar violation.At that time, Dayal had stated that the onus was on the athletes to explain how the banned substances entered the system and that he wouldn't be moved either by the 'specified substances' clause or the 'no fault or negligence' rule in the World Anti-Doping Code.MHA came under the 'specified substances' in WADA's list in 2011 with the sanction ranging from a warning to a two-year ban. WADA's explanation was that though 'specified substances' are not necessarily less serious agents, it was possible that drugs under this category could enter an athlete's body inadvertently. Hence it allowed a tribunal more flexibility when making a sanctioning decision.The samples of these athletes were collected in August 2010 and they were subsequently suspended provisionally. The samples of the wrestlers were collected in Sonepat and Patiala, while those of the swimmers from Jaipur. The samples of Vij and Antil were collected in Patiala.On Sept 22, 2010, the panel revoked the provisional suspension of the athletes after which many of them competed in national and international events. Some even went on to win medals. Richa Mishra won 16 medals including 11 gold in 17 events she took part in the National Games in Ranchi last year. She also set a national record during the games in 400m freestyle. She went on to win more medals in the swimming Nationals earlier this year. Khatri won the bronze in 96-kg freestyle wrestling in 2010 Asian Games.The verdict, which came after a prolonged hearing, will hit the sportspersons hard as they will be ineligible to contest in any event for two years from Monday, including the 2014 CWG and the Incheon Asiad.The decision is also likely to have a financial implication as the athletes could be asked to return the prize money and cash awards they received from government and other quarters for winning medals.In any case, the athletes have a choice to appeal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17109541", "title": "Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited bans mobiles for contract labourers", "text": "BHOPAL: Bhopal unit of Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited (BHEL) has banned use of mobile phones inside its factory for contractual labourers. The decision has come into effect on Monday.Labour organizations have flayed the move. Members of BHEL Karmchari Evam Theka Shramik Sanyukta Morcha, an organization, staged protest by burning copies of the order in front of gate number five of the factory on Monday. They have even moved labour commission seeking relief.The order dated October 29 is issued by the HR department of the public sector undertaking.Talking to TOI, president of the organization Madanlal Ranji termed the order as \"draconian.\" \"It is a draconian order that has been issued by the management only for contractual labourers. We had asked about the reasons but we did not get any reply. Besides, if any labourer is found in possession of a mobile phone, he would be terminated directly without even giving him an opportunity to reply.\"\"An order should be same for same category employees -- whether contractual or permanent. The order is not for the members of the labour unions like INTUC, BMS and HMS. Also an order that was issued on Monday stated that even drivers of contractors are allowed to have mobiles,\" said Ranji.\"We have moved the labour commissioner regarding the same. The hearing is scheduled for Tuesday where the HR department representative has been summoned by assistant labour commissioner,\" he added.AGM publicity (BHEL) Sanjeev Kak said that the move was taken after a fire broke out at the transformer block of the BHEL factory recently. \"During the fire, it was found that many workers were taking pictures of the factory which is absolutely prohibited. They happened to be contractual workers and hence the HR department has initiated the move.\"\"The order is very much under the ambit of the organization's laws,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17108713", "title": "UK architect bakes 'blood bricks'", "text": "LONDON: A London-based architect has developed bricks from animal blood and claims his controversial building material could replace mud bricks used in less-developed countries.Jack Munroe, 26, uses approximately 30 litres of fresh cattle blood collected from an abattoir in Sussex for each 'blood brick'.He mixes the blood with a preservative and sand to solidify it before popping it in an oven where the mixture is baked for an hour at 70C to produce a stable and waterproof material, the Daily Mail reported.\"The reaction I get from people tends to range from amazement to disgust \u00e2\u20ac\u201d but I think the bricks have very serious potential,\" Munroe said.The former University of Nottingham student plans to build a whole prototype house in Egypt from his bricks. The project was developed over the last 12 months as his final work for a master's degree at University of Westminster. \"I was looking for alternative substances and techniques to solidify aggregate materials like sand especially in Saharan desert communities and in Egypt,\" Munroe said.\"You have to ask yourself, is it right that every building is made of concrete and steel when those materials are not necessarily locally available and not required for single storey buildings? Those materials, in those areas, are unsustainable and use of them does not benefit the local economy or workforce,\" Munroe said.\"I looked at salt crystals but settled on blood a binder through research on the internet.\"In Africa, blood is used to make renders for buildings more durable,\" he added.\"Historically, blood was always used as a base in the production of glue until synthetic materials came along. So I knew blood could be used,\" Munroe said.He discussed his idea with farmers and was recommended to the Sussex abattoir which agreed to let him take away some of their blood. However, Munroe admits that a house built of blood bricks may not be to everyone's taste.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "17109702", "title": "Girl molested at institute\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s annual function", "text": "MOHALI: A 19-year-old first year student of computer science of the Chandigarh Group of Colleges, Landran, in Mohali was allegedly molested despite tight security arrangements during the institute's annual programme, \"Parivartan,\" that was held on Saturday.Though the incident took place around 8.30pm on Saturday, the institute only lodged a formal complaint with the police in this regard on Monday and that too after students mounted pressure by going on strike. More than a hundred college students went on strike on Monday, demanding the arrest of the miscreants and forcing the institute management to file a police complaint.Meanwhile, heavy police force was deployed in and around the institute during the strike to control the situation. Police have registered an FIR and arrested three students of the institute. Those arrested have been identified as Sachin, Gurmeet Singh and Akshay Bansal, who are MBA students.The incident has put a question mark on the efficiency of the district police personnel, who were reportedly present on the spot, when the college student was being molested, besides the institute's security guards.SP (City) Swarandeep Singh said, \"The crime took place during the function at the institute and police only came to know about it when a formal complaint was lodged at the Sohana police station on Monday. Some of the suspects including college students and outsiders were identified through the scrutiny of CCTV footage. An FIR has been registered in this regard.\"Deepinder Singh, the SHO of Sohana police station, said, three college students have been arrested, while adding some outsiders involved in the incident too have been identified, and raids are being conducted to nab them.An eyewitness \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a student of the institute \u00e2\u20ac\u201d on condition of anonymity said, \"The girl was standing in a queue when a Punjabi singer was performing at the function and suddenly a group of around a dozen youths started troubling her. She tried to ward them off but some of the youths even turned violent. Private security guards and policemen were also present on the spot.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17109044", "title": "Day after voting, it's business as usual", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17107871", "title": "Midas Heights, CIIMS, Arneja Hospital declared unsafe buildings", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation's (NMC) fire and emergency services department has declared three multi-storied buildings in the city unsafe for failing to install fire safety measures in place. These buildings have been issued notices to the effect on Monday.Midas Heights, Central India Institute of Medical Sciences and Arneja Heart Institute have been declared unsafe.\"Looks like we are waiting for another major mishap to happen in these buildings,\" sources in the fire department said while citing the case of Kolkata-based AMRI Hospital where a major fire occurred last year.These three buildings are over 15-meters-high. Midas Heights is over 19-meters-high with basement, ground plus six floors. Apart from no side margin, there is no emergency staircase and the main staircase is blocked after the third floor. Occupancy of the building has been changed from shop-cum-residential to hospital. Besides this, fire fighting installations are missing.Similarly, at CIIMS (which is around 17.200 meter high), wet riser, hose reel and sprinkler system are missing. Besides, the third floor is also not constructed as per national building code, the notice stated.At Arneja hospital (19.60 meter), the side margin has been encroached by tin-shed construction and riser is non-functional. Hydrant system too was found defunct.Confirming the development, NMC chief fire officer Rajendra Uchake told TOI that these buildings have been declared unsafe under Maharashtra Fire Safety and Prevention Act, 2006.With the owner and occupants of these buildings apparently not paying heed to the notices, the fire department is now planning to seal these premises and also disconnect water and power supply.After a major fire at Care Hospital in Ramdaspeth, the department, during an inspection last year, found that none of these three buildings had six metres open space in all four directions required for fire fighting in case of a mishap. Uchake informed that the fire department had been issuing notices to these buildings for the past one year but in vain.\"It is not possible for firemen to enter these buildings, two situated in a commercial area like Ramdaspeth and the other in a residential area like Bajaj Nagar, to manoeuvre and initiate rescue operations,\" an official, who inspected the buildings, said. Under these circumstances, it is difficult for even fire tenders to reach the spot and control fire.The official explained that the width of a hydraulic platform is 15 metres with extension of one metre jack on either side and therefore 4.5 metres minimum open space is required merely for parking of the equipment at the spot. Besides, minimum 1.5 metres open space is required for manoeuvering of men and equipment.The NMC notice directs the owners to evacuate the buildings immediately, failing which water supply of these buildings will be disconnected and later the power supplies too will be cut off. The last stage will be directing police commissioner to seal these buildings as the CFO has been given power to do so.The fire department has also identified another 10 buildings which are unsafe sans basic fire safety installations. The department has also started the process of sending notices to these building owners.Dr Shrikant Mukkewar, who has occupied two floors of Midas Heights for his hospital, ridiculed the fire department's decision to declare the hospital unsafe when it had earlier issued NOC for his hospital. He, however, said that they will now approach an architect to find a solution to the lacunas pointed out by the fire department.Dr Jaspal Arneja of Arneja Heart Institute confirmed having received the notice and said that the process to rectify the flaws was on and the hospital will be ready as per fire safety norms. Meanwhile, senior administrative officer at CIIMS admitted to having received the notice and said that all the recommended rectifications would be carried out at the earliest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17109281", "title": "Markets gear up for Diwali", "text": "JAIPUR: With just a week left for Diwali, market associations in Jaipur are leaving no stone unturned to grab the trophy for best decorated market with their theme-based decoration. However, with hiked electricity rates and inflation, anxiousness is writ large on the faces of association members.To lure the customers and tourists, all the associations have been working on the innovative themes. Sandwiched between the Chandpole and Johari Bazaar, Tripolia Bazaar remains one of the most popular markets among buyers for festival shopping. Govind Kagji, Diwali convener of Tripolia Bazaar says, \"We have planned to light up the market in white light. It will be historic decoration and I am sure everybody will like it. This year the theme of our gate will be Ganesh Pole at Amber\".Chandpole Bazaar Association is planning several innovative ways to deck up the marketplace, and promises to surprise visitors with this year's theme. Narotam Jhalani, president of Chandpole Vyapar Mandal says, \"We believe in attracting crowd with our out of the box ideas. Over the years, we have decorated the market based on the designs of City Palace, Hawa Mahal, Vidhan Sabha. This year, we have planned to go with Lalgarh Palace of Bikaner. Visitors here will get the taste of Rajasthani culture\".Kishanpole Bazaar association has decided to design the entrance gate to the market on the lines of Baikunth Dham, Lucknow.\"Not only our theme-based decoration but ongoing shopping festival is also pulling crowds to our markets. The attractive offers and assured gifts have boosted our sales,\" said Devendra Mehta, general secretary, Kishonpole Bazaar.For such elaborate decoration, the associations are counting on the government's help. The hike in electricity prices and rise in inflation has brought down the sentiments of both traders and costumers. \"Like every year government will have to step in and provide respite in electricity bills during the month of Diwali. The decoration is not just for us but it also places Jaipur Diwali on international map drawing a large number of tourists,\" said T C Agarwal, president, Jaipur Vyapar Mahasangh.Jaipur Municipal Corporation ignores heritage gatesThe heritage gates and facades this year will be an eyesore during Diwali. Reason: the Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC) has not refurbished the old structures. The shopkeepers and market associations believe the exercise was not been carried out due to the negligence of the officials, the city mayor and officials claim that the work was not required.When team TOI visited the Walled City area to take a look, damaged facade near Chandpole Gate and washed-out paint near Ajmeri Gate was easily visible.Suresh Saini, president, M I Road market association said, \"The entire market will be decorated during the festival and tourists from across the globe will visit the city, however, the JMC has played spoilsport by not refurbishing the entrance gates.\"He added, \"In this regard we will also meet the city mayor.\"The corporation is also overlooking the report of the Indian National Trust for Art and Culture Heritage (INTACH) that has said only about 25% of the original Pink City wall remains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17108206", "title": "'Indian version of secularism is beyond politics'", "text": "Govindacharya Hindu ideologueIn the context of Indian politics, divide and rule policy based on communal divide has impact us socially and psychologically. A sense of distrust has replaced a sense of belonging. From 1707 to 1860 this communal divide was getting obliterated and society was getting assimilated. From 1900 onwards, however, it was fuelled in the colonial rule that left us partitioned on communal lines. That had a severe impact upon the psychology of the people.This has resulted in the disproportionate attention of the majority community towards the problem of infiltration, or towards the welfare measures for minority community. This has also enhanced a level of distrust. Unfortunately, nationalism is dubbed as communalism and \"minoritism\" gets away in the garb of secularism. Indian version of secularism-with respect to all modes of worship-it is beyond politics. It is ingrained innately in the psyche of Bharat, irrespective of the religious community. Even Pan-Islamism or Millat has not been able to dilute the \"bharatiya\" identity of a Muslim. Sections of extremists will always be there in every community. In that the political party should have tread very cautiously, which they did not. And politics, therefore, dominated conduct, intentions of the political parties.I think the religious leadership should engage more in a dialogue, something what will be better for the health of the society. In addition, the civil society, since it is not governed by a lust for votes, can definitely charter the path of justice for all and appeasement of none, irrespective of religious denominations. If this much can be done, society will be able to tackle the communally tense situation on its own, regardless of the pressures by the political parties for petty power politics.Bharataiya society innately believes in respect to all modes of worship. Slowly, the credibility of the political dispensation is dipping and this will definitely result in a resettlement process. With the young generation now free of three hangovers-of colonialism, partition and hollow secularism and socialism-the change, I am confident, will come soon.-- (As told to Swati Mathur)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17107890", "title": "CPM blames PM, Congress for misleading people about FDI in retail", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a scathing attack on the Congress, the CPM on Monday rebutted Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's allegation at Congress's mega rally on Sunday that the Opposition is misleading people on FDI in multi-brand retail.\"Given the facts, people need to tell the PM that it is he and the Congress party who are misleading the country and the people,\" the CPM said in an editorial in its mouthpiece, People's Democracy.The UPA-I government had first proposed FDI in retail in its 2004-05 budget speech. \"Given the firm opposition by Left parties, whose support was crucial for the then UPA-I government, this was shelved,\" the CPM said.In a note to the then UPA-Left Coordination Committee in October, 2005, the Left parties highlighted that retail trade, on the basis of a conservative estimate, contributes around 11% to India's GDP and employed over 40 million people.\"Crores of Indian people are dependent upon retail trade for their livelihood. Undermining this by permitting the entry of multinational giants will only push more millions into poverty and misery,\" the Left party said.Citing examples from across the world, the CPM said, \"Supermarket prices for foods and vegetables and other basic food were higher than those in traditional markets.\" Retail giants generate employment or help producers get a better price is also a myth, it claimed.\"These are the realities that the Congress party and the UPA-II government refuses to recognize and continues with a campaign of disinformation to mislead the people,\" the CPM said in its editorial.Taking a dig at Rahul Gandhi who had said at the rally that there was a need to \"change the system\", the CPM said, \"People, however, were left guessing as to what these changes are and who will bring them.\"About Rahul's resolve to pass the Lokpal Bill in Parliament and blaming the Opposition for blocking it, the CPM said, \"Now, the whole country knows and has seen it on the television as to how the Congress party sabotaged the passage of the Bill at the midnight hour in the Rajya Sabha during the last Winter session.\"The party blamed the Congress for the \"current structure of the neo-liberal economy and reforms that have opened up hitherto unknown and inconceivable avenues for mega corruption\". \"This neo-liberal trajectory led to the mushrooming of crony capitalism of the worst order,\" it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17108271", "title": "Mayor promises 6-lane Railway Station road", "text": "GURGAON: Frequent jams on the road going from Rajiv Chowk to the railway station may soon be a thing of the past. Mayor Vimal Yadav has promised that the highly-congested stretch will be widened and turned into a six-lane road in the next two months. On Monday, Yadav and his deputies inspected the entire stretch before handing over its contract to a private agency.\"The existing road will be converted into six lanes at two different locations. The first part would be from Rajiv Chowk to Sohna Chowk, while the second from the Sector 4 roundabout all the way up to railway station. The entire cost of the project comes to around Rs 15 crore and the widening work is likely to be over in two months. The construction of drainage along this road will, however, take around three months,\" said Yadav. The finance committee of the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) has already cleared the proposal.According to Yadav, the road needs to be widened to facilitate faster and smooth movement of vehicles. \"At present the traffic movement is extremely slow because of the narrow road and encroachments on both the sides. The encroachments will be removed and the green belt will also have to give way. Traffic on the road, with more and more people visiting the railway station, has increased manifold. We have to ensure smoother passage for the vehicles,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17108058", "title": "DTU told to reinstate heads of departments", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Technological University has been asked by the LG to reinstate the heads of departments removed recently. The DTU administration had replaced the HoDs with two new faculty members, who are still on probation. In his letter, lieutenant governor Tejendra Khanna has asked the institute to reinstate the HoDs in the interest of academics.Senior professors R K Sinha and G L Verma were removed from their posts in August. These two teachers, along with other deans, had apparently questioned the change in academic calendar. The teachers also wrote to the Delhi government, calling into question the recruitments made in March-April 2012.The LG asks why only two out of the 12 HoDs were removed and then substituted with teachers who were still on probation. \"I, therefore, under Section 53 of DTU amendment Act 2010 direct the vice-chancellor of DTU to withdraw the order of removal of professors G L Verma and R K Sinha from the post of HoD, and reinstate them in the interest of academic functioning of the university.\"The university, in its reply to the October 23 letter of the LG, clarified that the department of technical education, Delhi government, presented incorrect information. Vice-chancellor P B Sharma said, \"Yes, a letter was received from the LG office for reinstatement of the two HoDs. However, it was noted that the chancellor (the LG is also the chancellor of the university) was not presented with correct facts. Accordingly, the position has been communicated on October 30. The change of HoDs is as per our policy of rotation of headship among the professors of the department. Verma has been HOD for 13 years and Sinha has also completed three years.\"The teachers' association, consisting mostly of teachers from the erstwhile DCE, alleged that the VC had already been served with a show-cause notice and a government inquiry was due on the recruitment process. Sharma, however, said: \"All the recruitments were done as per the statutes of the university and after getting the due approvals, and through public advertisements. There is no inquiry in progress on recruitments, and in academic institutions there is no rule which debars a new teacher from heading a department.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17108320", "title": "Can't remove pets, Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon to RWAs", "text": "GURGAON: Even as the management bodies of residential societies are making their own rules for keeping pets, the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) has written to various residents' welfare associations warning them not to formulate rules and regulations regarding pets and that any such move is in conflict with the law. Such a move may lead to dissolution of the RWA and prosecution of its office bearers, says the letter.The managing committee Kanchunjunga Cooperative Group Housing Society in Sector 56 had last year imposed a ban on its residents keeping pets. The Close North (Nirvana Country) management also recently banned flat owners from using elevators to take out pets and instructed them to use service elevators instead.The corporation sent letters to RWAs this February following incidents of cruelty against animals by RWAs, their office bearers and residents were reported. It also came to light that a few RWAs attempted to prevent pet ownership through stipulations in terms of their rental or ownership agreement, threatening pet owners with electricity and water cut offs.If any rule laid down by anybody is in conflict with the law of the urban local body, state body or central body it is automatically superseded and rendered null and void. The letter says that an RWA threatening discontinuation of basic facilities is illegal.It is illegal to remove animals from the area through security guards employed by RWAs. Nor can they intimidate residents who may be feeding those animals. Under stray dog management rules 2001, it's illegal for an individual, RWA or estate management to remove or relocate dogs. The dogs have to be sterilized and vaccinated and returned to the same area. Vaccinated and sterilized dogs cannot be removed by the municipality too.Under Section 506 of the IPC, it's a crime to threaten, abuse or harass neighbours who feed animals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "17108360", "title": "Hurt Raina skips lunch, coach Prasad terms axe \"unfortunate\"", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Uttar Pradesh captain Suresh Raina was so hurt after learning about his ouster from the Test squad, that he decided to skip lunch on the final day of his team's Ranji Trophy game against Delhi, prompting his state team coach Venkatesh Prasad to term it as \"unfortunate.\"A source in the UP dressing room informed that once Raina got the news of his omission, he was not in a mood to have food and literally went into a shell.\"He was very sad and told his teammates that he is not in a mood to eat. He is a very bubbly character in the dressing room and suddenly went very quiet. He also didn't stay back to collect the mementos presented by the Ghaziabad District Cricket Association and left immediately after UP had won,\" the source said.While batting at number three, he scored 37 that set up UP's victory.Prasad also seemed pretty unhappy with the decision. \"I think it's really unfortunate that Suresh Raina is not there in the Indian team. I think if someone is given a chance at the Test level, he should be given a long rope to prove himself. Also he is a terrific player and had scored a fine half-century against New Zealand.\"He played a very crucial knock today. They were bowling to a 7-2 field yet he played some terrific shots,\" Prasad told the reporters after the match.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17109822", "title": "Youth takes poison, alleges cop harassment", "text": "BANGALORE: A 23-year-old youth from Kaveripura, near Basaveshwaranagar, at tempted suicide by consum ing poison on Sunday night alleging that police were ha rassing him for suspected in volvement in a murder case.The youth, Karthik, a res ident of KG Layout near Ka makshipalya, was found froth ing. He was rushed to a near by hospital and is out of dan ger now.Basaveshwaranagar police had summoned Karthik in connection with an autorick shaw driver's murder near Shankar Nag bus stop on Oc tober 13. \"We suspect Karthik knows the culprits. So we as ked him to come to the police station for interrogation,\" said DCP (west) SN Sidramappa.The officer said Karthik knew Dileep , who is in jail for another murder case. Karthik is the 12th accused in the Na garaj murder case, but was re leased on bail,\" he added.11 women rescued in BanaswadiEleven women were rescued from a house in Banaswadi and three human traffickers arrested on Sunday. Of the 11, two are Bangladeshi nationals. All the three arrested were men, two of whom are from Bangladesh . \"The Bangladeshi men brought the women after promising them jobs. The three arrested are Mohammed Zia 30 and Sharief Mir, 25, and Rajendra, 40, of Kadirenahalli,\" said DCP (west) SN Sidramappa.Six of the rescued women are from Kolkata , two from Vijayawada in Andhra Pradesh and one from Assam. The Bangladeshi nationals carried no valid visa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17108564", "title": "Road to MLA's house riddled with potholes", "text": "MANGALORE: Pothole-riddled roads are not new to Mangaloreans. While most of the concrete roads are being dug to rectify leakages in water supply pipelines or underground drainages (UGD), interior roads suffer from lack of proper maintenance.The deplorable condition of the road to the palatial house of former minister for environment, ecology, inland waterways, ports and fisheries, and district in-charge J Krishna Palemar is a classic example of the apathy of the authorities concerned.Kodialguthu Road, between MG Road and Jail Road, has been overlooked by authorities for several years. The road has been dug to create a trench to connect a UGD pipeline to a nearby wet well. Incessant rain during the recent monsoon has further damaged the road.Litterateur M Prabhakara Joshi, who often travels on the stretch, told TOI that he has never seen the road in a good condition in the past 30 years. \"Lack of asphalting and potholes have made the journey on the stretch nightmarish. Drivers are having a tough time dodging the potholes on the road. It is quiet unfortunate that the road has been ignored even though a former minister is residing by the side of it. This is not an isolated case. The city has several other bad roads crying for maintenance. The authorities concerned should understand the gravity of the issue and take necessary action,\" he added.R Sumith, a resident of Kodialguthu, said, \"It is an important road and hundreds of vehicles ply on it every day and about 100 families reside on the roadside. MCC workers keep on digging the road to repair their UGD pipelines. A huge pit dug by the MCC on the road has not been filled yet. No efforts have been made to make the road fit for traffic.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17108608", "title": "Night temperature on gradual decline in Pune", "text": "PUNE: Night temperature in the city is gradually declining, after going up to 3 degrees celsius above normal last week. The day temperature, on the other hand, is on the rise.On Monday, the minimum temperature was recorded at 16.9 degrees celsius, which was 1.1 degrees above normal. On Saturday, the minimum temperature was 19.2 degrees celsius - 3.4 degrees above normal. Last week, on October 30, the city had recorded the lowest minimum temperature for the month at 12.7 degrees celsius, which was 3.7 degrees celsius below normal.For the next two days, the India Meteorological Department (IMD) has forecast mainly clear skies with partly cloudy conditions during the afternoon. \"We expect the night temperature to remain between 16 and 17 degrees celsius, while the day temperature will be around 32 degrees celsius,\" an IMD official said.\"The rise in night temperature was mainly due to the influence of cyclonic storm Nilam that hit Tamil Nadu and coastal Andhra Pradesh recently. On November 3, the cyclonic system had weakened into a well-marked low pressure area and subsequently weakened to a low pressure area,\" the official said. This has led to a reduction in the moisture content in parts of southern Maharashtra and Vidarbha and a gradual fall in the night temperature, the official added.The IMD's all-India weather summary stated that the low pressure area over coastal Andhra Pradesh and neighbouring areas has become less marked. But the associated cyclonic circulation persists over north coastal Andhra Pradesh and neighbouring areas. A trough runs from this system to Assam and Meghalaya across Odisha and West Bengal.A western disturbance as an upper air cyclonic circulation lies over north Pakistan and neighbouring regions and would move in the east-northeast direction, to parts of northern India including Jammu and Kashmir , the summary said.Night temperature was appreciably to markedly below normal - ie, a difference of 3 to 4 degrees celsius from the normal mark - in some parts of central Maharashtra, between Jalgaon/Nashik in the north and Kolhapur in the south, and Vidarbha. It was below normal in some parts of Marathwada.Malegaon in north central Maharashtra recorded the state's lowest minimum temperature at 10.5 degrees celsius, while Nashik recorded 13.2 degrees celsius and Amravati in Vidarbha recorded 13.4 degrees celsius. Ahmednagar recorded 13.8 degrees celsius.Parbhani and Aurangabad in Marathwada both recorded 14.7 degrees celsius, while Yavatmal in Vidarbha recorded 15 degrees celsius. Mahabaleshwar in Satara district recorded 15.8 degrees celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17109471", "title": "65 rain-related deaths in Tamil Nadu this monsoon", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tamil Nadu government on Monday said 65 people have died due to rain-related incidents since the onset of northeast monsoon and in the wake of Cyclone Nilam, which struck Mamallapuram near Chennai on October 31. A review meeting, chaired by revenue minister N D Venkatachalam, was held here to assess the damages caused by the monsoon.An official release said the collectors were instructed to carry out relief and rehabilitation works on a war footing in the affected districts. A total of 785 huts were fully damaged and 3,836 huts were partially damaged due to heavy rains across the state. Work is in progress to assess damages caused to crops. A total of 862 cattle died in the rain.The minister also took stock of relief and rehabilitation measures in Vellore district, which was badly affected by the cyclone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17108896", "title": "High-tech help to find the lost at Mahakumbh Mela", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Kumbh Mela administration is making arrangements to equip lost-and-found camps with all the hi-tech electronic gadgets. In fact, the Kumbh mela authorities have planned to offer computer sets equipped with web-cameras to organisers of the 'bhoole bhatke shivir' with Internet facility to help keep constant touch with police authorities to trace out missing persons and reunite them with their kin.Additional district magistrate (ADM) Kumbh Mela, Ashutosh Kumar Dwivedi, told TOI \"We have been planning to offer web-cam equipped computer sets to volunteers of such camps with the objective to compile data including names, address and photographs of missing ones and sharing data/details with police authorities of the state and neighbouring districts to trace out locations of missing persons.He added, \"Earlier, the work was done manually but it was hard to compile data. Once the volunteers are be able to take photographs and other details of missing persons, they would be seeking the help of Allahabad and neighbouring districts' police to trace out families of missing persons.Kumbh mela authorities have also planned to set up camps at all sectors of the mela area and offering all sorts of assistance to volunteers to make them reunite with their families.Dwivedi, meanwhile, pointed out that the camps had earlier been set up by Raja Ram Tewari during Magh, Ardh-Kumbh and Kumbh melas. Tiwari had been able to reunite more than 10 lakh persons with their families till date.Mela officials informed the noble deed was started by octogenarian Raja Ram Tewari in 1946 and so far, he had already reunited over 10.28 lakh persons with their families. These were the persons separated from their families during the congregation. Mahakumbh commences from January 14, 2013 and the mela will be another such occasion, when the services of the octogenarian and his team will be much in demand.\"Since 1946, 'bhoole bhatke shivir' has reunited 10,29,301 people including 20,905 children with their families during five maha kumbhs, six ardh kumbhs and 54 magh melas,\" informed mela officials.\"When a person meets his family member through volunteers' efforts, it seems like God has accepted the prayers,\" said a volunteer working for the camp for the last five years.The Kumbh mela administration will be installing public address systems on and around the mela campus, where announcements will be made about missing persons and requests will also be made for complainants to reach the shivir and meet their missing family members. In fact these announcements are made round the clock by the volunteers and cops as well till the missing person is reunited with the family.With 10 crore pilgrims and devotees expected to visit Mahakumbh next year, mela administration has planned to computerise all records and 30 police stations and 40 police outposts (to be set up during Mahakumbh) exchanging inputs regarding missing persons.\"Earlier, after receiving inputs regarding a lost person, volunteers announce their details on the public address system\" said an official adding \"This time, volunteers with the help of police and mela authorities will compile data of missing persons on computers and share it with other police stations,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17107925", "title": "Korean held with gadgets, gold at IGI Airport", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Korean national was arrested at the IGI Airport on Saturday for smuggling electronics and gold.The accused, Rajesh Kumar, has been living in Korea for the past eight years and travelled often to Chandigarh. Neeta Lall Butalia, commissioner of customs (I&G;) said, \"Kumar was booked for smuggling two professional (SLR) digital cameras, two sets of lens, 48 refurbished mobile phones and 190 grams of gold bars. These were found to be worth Rs 15.45 lakh. He was also carrying Rs 90,135 in excess of the permissible Rs 7,500.\"Sources said Kumar arrived in India from Seoul via Bangkok on flight TG-323. Customs had information that someone travelling by that flight would be smuggling goods and a team was on the look out. Kumar was found wandering about the arrival section for three hours, much after all the baggage for the flight had been cleared. Officials waited for him to cross through the customs channel as there was a chance that he would declare his goods.\"However, he was walking out without any declaration and we stopped him. When his bags were checked we found the goods hidden with other things. They have been seized and Kumar has been arrested under the provisions of the Customs Act,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17109900", "title": "From Myanmar to Bangalore, on business", "text": "BANGALORE: They have come all the way from Myanmar to the IT capital to take back home some new ideas on doing business. The visit has been worth it, said the 21 MBA students from Mandalay University.\"I want to introduce information and communication technology in the retail sector of my company,\" said Phyo Myintzu, an MBA student who also helps run a family business in dairy products.Myintzu, along with her batch mates, is on a 12-day training programme (October 28 to November 7) in India, initiated by the ministry of external affairs, Indian Institute of Management-Bangalore and the Myanmar government. They are a student group on a business study delegation to Bangalore.The visit, which for many was their first to the country, was packed with lectures on management and various other topics by professors of IIM and field tours to prominent Bangalorebased corporate campuses like Infosys , Biocon , Narayana Hrudayalaya, Himalaya Pharmaceuticals, 3M and Akshaya Patra Foundation.\"I am really inspired by the whole idea of providing free food to 1.3 million poor children. I want to launch a similar initiative back home,\" said Win Aung, who is a member of the German-Myanmar friendship foundation, an NGO that works on education and community development. A nascent democracy, Myanmar's economy is yet to open up, after years of military rule. But a whole new generation of entrepreneurs and business leaders is coming up in the country which shares traditional bilateral business ties with India.\"India could be one of the major trading partners of Myanmar in the coming years,\" said N Ravi, a former diplomat and one of the brains behind the programme.However, business and technology were not the only things that inspired the young Myanmarese students.\"I just love Shah Rukh Khan and Kabhi Khushi Kabhi Gham is my alltime favourite film,\" said Thein Tun Saung. \"No other actor can deliver a dialogue such as 'I am Khan and I am not a terrorist' better,\" he said.Indian food was another big attraction . \"It left many of us teary eyed but it's worth a try,\" said Zaw Myo Aung, who wants to mirror India's IT development in Myanmar.The civil engineer who also has a computer engineering degree is inspired by Infosys to set up an IT solutions company back home.\"The best part though was our visit to Bodh Gaya, the birth place of Buddha ,\" said Min Min O, who's a doctor by education. \"We were worried about being in a new country for the first time, but after a visit to the shrines, we felt safe and embraced the country.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17107485", "title": "'Jatra Samrat' Shanti Gopal passes away", "text": "KOLKATA: Veteran 'jatra' actor Shanti Gopal Pal passed away at his residence in North 24-Parganas on Monday morning. The 84-year-old actor is survived by his wife, son and daughter.famous for his portrayal of historical figures in folk theatre, passed away at his residence in North (24) Paragans on Monday morning. The 84-year-old actor is survived by his wife, son and daughter.Fondly referred to as \"Jatra Samrat \" (king of folk theatre), Shanti Gopal became a household name in the 60s. He was known for his versatility and brought folk theatre out of the trope of mythology. He was famous for his portrayal of historical figures.It was Shanti Gopal who brought a touch of history to 'jatra' by playing characters like Lenin, Hitler, Marx and Subhas Chandra Bose. He also formed his own theatre group Tarun Opera in 1964. On Monday, CM Mamata Banerjee paid tribute to the actor, describing him as the man who changed the face of jatra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17107735", "title": "Modern hysterectomy methods explained", "text": "NAGPUR: Hysterectomy is one of the most common surgeries which women undergo. This makes it important for doctors to know the latest advances in techniques and technology used for this operation.In view of this, Dr Dalvi Memorial Hospital and Research Centre, under the aegis of Nagpur Obstetrics and Gynaecological Society (NOGS), organized a live operative workshop 'Pearls of vaginal surgery', on its premises. Dr Ramkrishna Purohit from Bargad, Odisha, Dr Mahesh Gupta from Ahmedabad, and urosurgeon from the city Dr Sadashiv Bhole were the faculty. They demonstrated modern method of vaginal hysterectomy by means of eight live surgeries.\"Since this surgery is so common, most women want no scars and fast recovery after the removal of uterus,\" said gynaecologist Dr Ashish Kubde.Dr Purohit informed that the surgery being demonstrated is better for doctors as well as patients. \"It is easier and more comfortable for a surgeon to perform. Also, it requires minimum post operative care as there is less pain. The patient can resume normal physical activities six hours after the surgery and have food 12 hours later,\" he said.Organizing secretary Dr Rachita Pahukar said over 350 delegates from all over the country participated in the workshop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "jhargram", "code": "17107442", "title": "Suspected Maoist in cop net", "text": "Jhargram: A suspected Maoist was arrested from Bindra village in West Midnapore's Belpahari on Monday. The accused, identified as 49-year-old Mangal Mura, is said to be an important member of Maoist leader Madan Mahato's guerrilla squad. Mura was produced in court and remanded in police custody, said additional SP (Jhargram) Sumit Kumar.Joint Forces in Jangalmahal on Monday arrested a suspected Maoist rebel from Bindra village in Belapahari, West Midnapore. Police said that the suspect has been identified as Mangal Mura. Forty-nine year old Mura is said to be an important member of Maoist leader Madan Mahato's guerrilla squad.Mura has been associated with the red rebels for quite some time now. He is an accused in more than 30 cases and warrants have been issued against him in seven of them, said police.\"He was the man who led rebels in killing school student Phoolchand Mahato in June 2010,\" said a police officer. Besides, he was also reportedly involved in the murders of Narayan Sardar and Santosh Dutta at Belpahari in 2010.Police said that Mura has been associated with the red rebels for long. He is an accused in more than 30 cases. Warrants have been issued against him in seven of them. Police said Mura was behind three murders at Banspahari.\"He was the man who led rebels in killing school student Phoolchand Mahato in June 2010,\" said a police officer. Apart from this murder, police alleged that he was behind murders of Narayan Sardar and Santosh Dutta at Belpahari in 2010.During another search operation, joint forces recovered 69 socket bombs and 136 caps of similar bombs.Additional SP (Jhargram), Sumit Kumar, said Mura was produced in court and remanded in police custody. Police hope Mura's arrest will help them trace Mahato and others in his squad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17108040", "title": "New nursing college sought for Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: City MP and AICC general secretary Vilas Muttemwar on Monday wrote to Union health and family welfare minister Ghulam Nabi Azad to consider setting up a Central government-run nursing college in the city. As a fast growing health care centre in the country, the city would be make an ideal location for such a nursing college, the MP said in his letter.\"I understand that there is a proposal to establish a new nursing college in a central place in the country. Nagpur has all the required infrastructure to start such an institute that needs the best of facilities. It will prove to be a boon for those seeking nursing education. The city already has several colleges in public and private sector providing medical education which can give placement for nurses , he added. \"Of late, the city has emerged as a major health care hub for people not only of Vidarbha but also several states in Central India,\" Muttemwar stated.\"I will be grateful if you consider establishing the proposed nursing college in Nagpur as it will enhance medical education facilities in the region,\" wrote the city MP to the Union minister. It will also add to the city's growing importance as an education centre, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17108021", "title": "Ruby Dhalla: Proud Sikh who wears multiple hats", "text": "NEW DELHI: A politico, activist, doctor and once a beauty queen - former three-time Canadian-Indian MP Ruby Dhalla is known to wear many hats. It was as a politician though that she found her true calling in 2004 when she won as the Liberal Party candidate Ontario's Brampton-Springdale to enter the House of Commons , the first South Asian woman to achieve the feat.Meeting her can be an experience for even the most phlegmatic; she is beautiful but also articulate \u00e2\u20ac\u201d languid one moment, zippy the next, holding spellbound anybody within earshot. Dhalla is in India right now to form a charity to help victims of fake marriages in India, especially Punjab that has deep ties with Canada.A Liberal, Dhalla is very much upbeat about the outcome of Canadian PM and Conservative Party leader Stephen Harper's ongoing six-day visit to India. \"There is a new momentum to ties with India and Canada negotiating supply of uranium to India and also discussing a Comprehensive Economic Partnership Agreement (CEPA),\" says Dhalla.The two countries signed a civil nuclear cooperation deal in 2010 to mark a qualitative shift in relations and Dhalla is hopeful that an end-user agreement for supply of uranium will come through soon too. Dhalla says sky is the limit for Indo-Canada ties. \"There are a lot of commonalities like both are pluralistic societies, democratic and members of Commonwealth and so the potential for natural synergy between them,\" she adds.Apart from CEPA and uranium deal, says Dhalla, PM Harper is also striving for a foreign investment protection agreement between India and Cana. \"On this there's a bit of a delay owing to the Vodafone issue but I hope once India analyses all of its agreement it will jump on board,\" she says. A tax dispute between India and Vodafone has forced India to put on hold negotiations for such an agreement with all countries. She is hopeful that bilateral trade between India and Canada will reach $15 billion soon.Apart from rights of the immigrants, Dhalla has actively campaigned in Canada for same-sex marriage legislation. She was described by an international magazine as the third sexiest female politician in the world but that's a tag which sits lightly on Dhalla, brought up by a single mother who migrated to Canada 40 years ago. \"It is always an honour when people call you beautiful but it is the message which is more important at the end of the day,\" she says. Dhalla is not particularly fond of cynicism related to politics in India. In a country where more than half the people are below 25, I think it is the time for the youth to step up and seize the moment and change the way India is led,\" she says.As a 10-year-old, Dhalla famously wrote to Indira Gandhi against Sikh militancy and wondered what all the talk about separatism was. Does she share concerns about revival of Punjab terrorism from Canada based elements. \"I think the perception of this threat can be blown out of proportion at times. There is no tolerance at all for any terror related activity in Canada,\" she says. Has she ever felt threatened by separatists? \"No. I am a proud Sikh but that doesn't mean I have to support terror in any form,\" she adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17109789", "title": "Rains ravage standing crops in five districts", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government has asked district collectors of Ganjam, Puri, Cuttack, Gajapati and Khurda to submit a detailed report of loss due to heavy rain in the past five days. Ganjam was the worst-affected district in the unseasonal rain, followed by Puri and Gajapati.One person was killed while several houses were damaged in the rain. Local meteorological centre forecast rain for two more days due to a trough line passing over the state.Chief minister Naveen Patnaik gave the direction during a review meet on Monday. He also ordered senior officials to undertake field visits to the rain-ravaged districts to assess the actual loss.According to preliminary reports, standing crops in about 50,000 hectares of land were damaged in the rain. Crops in over 25,000 hectare were affected in Ganjam, which received the highest 250.8 mm rain in the last five days.Puri received 170 mm rain in five days and reported a loss of standing crops in over 15,000 hectare of farmland. Cuttack, Gajapati, Koraput and Rayagada districts also reported substantial crop loss.A senior government officer said the actual loss of paddy will be assessed only after a final report is submitted to the government by January 15. \"The actual damage can be assessed only after the water recedes and officials prepare damage reports,\" said Ganjam collector Krishan Kumar. He said the district received less rainfall on Sunday compared to the previous two days.Road communication continued to remain affected in several pockets of the district, while train services were affected for the third consecutive day due to rain in Andhra Pradesh. Communication in Bahnajanagar-Belaguntha, Berhampur-Phulbani, Buguda-Polasara, Podamari-Taptapani was disrupted as canal water flowed on the road.Train services hitTrain services on Monday continued to remain affected on Howrah-Chennai line due to water flowing on rail line following heavy rain. The railway had to cancel, reschedule and short terminate selected trains due to the calamity.The trains cancelled include Bilaspur-Tirupati express, scheduled to leave Bilaspur on Tuesday, Hyderabad-Howrah East Coast express and Chennai-Howrah Mail supposed to pass Bhubaneswar on Tuesday were cancelled. Similarly, Howrah-Chennai Mail scheduled to leave Howrah on Tuesday and Secunderabad-Visakhapatnam special train scheduled to leave Secunderabad on Tuesday have been cancelled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "purnia", "code": "17108914", "title": "Security beefed up in Purnia village", "text": "PURNIA: Three tribals were allegedly gunned down by landowners at village Bathsara under Barhara in Dhamdhaha sub-division in Purnia district on Sunday morning. Apprehending reprisal, security in and around the trouble-torn village on the border of Purnia- Madhepura district has been tightened.The numbers of discontent still smoulders in tribal-dominated villages in Dhamdha sub-division. So far, seven persons have been picked up for interrogation in adjoining Madhepura district where the killers had sneaked after killing the tribals, Madhepura additional SP Himanshu Shekar Trivedi said on Monday. Describing the overall situation as normal, Purnia DM N Sarvana Kumar on Monday said three tribals, who were killed in the firing, were cremated on Monday under police cover. The next of the kin of those killed were given Rs 1,500 each under 'Kabir Antyesti' scheme and a sum of Rs 20,000 as an adhoc relief.Besides, family of each slain tribal will get a sum of Rs 5 lakh each under the SC/ST Act. They might get an additional Rs one lakh each under another scheme, the DM said.An FIR has been lodged against eight persons including Sitram Yadav and Bhushan Yadav who had fled to their native Madhepura district after the shooting spree. Putting the blame squarely on the local administration for their alleged tacit connivance in Sunday's blood-bath, Purnia district CPI (ML) secretary Lallan Singh said land mofiosi Sitaram Yadav had come fully armed with semi-automatic guns and his bike borne goons sprayed bullets on unarmed tribals indiscriminately. The western parts of Purnia district comprising Bhawanipore, Barhara and Rupauli has chequred history of land disputes and massacres, the CPI( ML) leader said.As regards the dispute at Bathsara village, he said huge chunk of 80 acres of land at Sahu Parbatta were illegally purchased by Sitaram Yadav, though the many of the tribals either worked as bataidars (share-croppers) or had acquired 'sikmi' rights on pieces of land.BPCC spokesperson V KThakur on Monday, said the spectre of bloody land clashes haunted Purnia district because the government authorities lacked the will power to grapple with the festering problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "17108677", "title": "School harasses Jameela over purdah diktat", "text": "MALAPPURAM: On Monday, Sullamussalam High School in Areekode, which had suspended its mathematics teacher K Jameela for refusing to adhere to a dress code, defied the order of the district education officer (DEO) allowing the teacher to resume work. \"They insulted me once again and I will go ahead with my legal battle against the dress code\", said Jameela. She has already approached human rights commission against the management's diktat.The school management has approached higher authorities of education department demanding extension of the suspension period of the teacher. \"We have already filed an application for the extension of the suspension of the teacher. As the application for extension is now under the consideration of the higher authorities we can't allow the teacher to resume work', said management committee member N V Zacharia.Jameela, under suspension for not wearing either a purdah or a green overcoat as demanded by the school authorities, was not allowed to join duty on Saturday though the DEO cancelled her suspension on Friday itself. She was asked to come to school on Monday to re-join duty.When the teacher approached the school headmistress on Monday morning with a copy of the order issued by the DEO, the headmistress refused to accept the order and informed Jameela that she had not received permission from the school management to allow Jameela to teach or sign the attendance register. She was also denied last month's salary as the school authorities have withheld the relevant files.On Monday afternoon, Jameela met DEO K K Moinudheen. The DEO told TOI that the management can approach higher authorities against his decision. \"But they have to allow the teacher to rejoin as I have revoked the suspension order. My office is planning to arrange for recording Jameela's attendance at DEO's office,\" he said. He added that his office can do nothing about Jameela's salary without receiving proper documents from the school authorities.Education minister P K Abdurabb said the school management has the power to take disciplinary actions against its staff. 'If anything happens against the law, the education department officials will take proper action. If they fail to sort out the issue, the government will intervene,\" the minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17107726", "title": "Now, it's omelettes made of duck eggs", "text": "KOCHI: On account of the shortage of eggs owing to the ban on bringing poultry products from neighbouring states, many eateries in the city are now serving duck egg dishes.Egg dealers here said that the demand for duck eggs had gone up considerably in the last few days.Many of them are selling 3,000-4,000 duck eggs daily compared to the 1,000 prior to the ban. Duck eggs are brought to the city mainly from Palakkad and Vaikom. However, the supply was not sufficient to meet the demand, dealers said.The price of a duck egg is Rs 6.80 in the wholesale market compared to Rs 3.75 for a hen's egg. Hotels charge Rs 5-10 extra for a duck egg dish.\"Its high price is the main reason why duck eggs were not much in demand. But now with hen's eggs becoming scarce, eateries as well as households have switched over to duck eggs as it is available in the market. Now we are selling duck eggs that arrive in the market on the same day itself,\" said C J Babu, an egg dealer in Ernakulam market.\"We have included duck egg dishes on our menu owing to shortage of hen's eggs. Earlier, we never used to stock duck eggs as they would rot fast. But now since they are much in demand, there is no such problem. We now charge Rs 20 for duck egg curry; it was only Rs 15 for a normal egg curry,\" said Baby Devassya, owner of a hotel in Kaloor.Most of the road-side eateries now buy duck eggs in bulk to make omelettes.While some eateries have switched over to duck eggs, others use eggs bought from local farms. This variety costs Rs 4.50 each.\"We now procure eggs directly from farms,\" said Pradeep Pai, partner, Pai Brothers Fast Food. But there is no rise in the price of these eggs, he added.Meanwhile, C J George, president, Kerala state egg dealers association, said duck eggs were not a real solution to the crisis as it could not meet the requirements of bakeries that use eggs extensively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17108066", "title": "Work starts on 4-year degrees", "text": "NEW DELHI: No concrete decisions were made at the first meeting of the 61-member DU taskforce \u00e2\u20ac\u201d set up to formulate a plan for the four-year undergraduate courses \u00e2\u20ac\u201d on Monday. But the \"vision\", apparently, is clearer. The meeting was intended to create a \"vision document\" for a system that is set to replace the current one in a few months. Feasibility of proposals was discussed and some fears plaguing the teaching community were assuaged.The contentious issue of exit points \u00e2\u20ac\u201d allowing students to leave with an associate degree after two years, general after three \u00e2\u20ac\u201d was discussed. \"The teachers were concerned about the dilution of the honours courses,\" said Virender Bhardwaj, member of the academic council and the taskforce, \"and university authorities have assured us that the honours courses will not be diluted\". He added that the group was considering a system in which, after the first year (two semesters), students would have the option of either continuing in a \"traditional\" honours course or taking up a more \"skill-based\" one.Apparently, a rumour was doing the rounds that in the new system, the curriculum will be so designed that teachers will have less to do and the number of teaching posts will shrink. \"The administration has told us categorically that the number of posts will not decrease,\" said Bhardwaj.The role of colleges was discussed at length with many members suggesting that greater space be given to colleges. \"Members proposed that if a college is strong in a particular discipline, it should be allowed to float a paper on that,\" said a panel member, seeking anonymity. He gave the example of animal science, which includes papers on both parasites and immunology. \"But if a college has faculty which has done research on the relationship between the two, the college can offer a paper on 'parasitology and immunology',\" he said. The syllabus can be brought to the academic council, and once cleared, it can be offered as a unique course. This is where the \"meta\" element kicks in. \"We are exploring ways in which such a paper, taught in one college, can be taken up by students of other colleges,\" he said. Bhardwaj added that the teaching staff as well as the students would have greater opportunity for research and, therefore, \"the post of professorship can be introduced at the college-level. Till now, the highest designation is assistant-professorship\".The meeting also discussed problems in the existing system - courses and their duration don't square with the semester system; internal assessments pose problems. The administration shared the suggestions it had received at platforms such as the Academic Congress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17107323", "title": "Actor held for trying to rape live-in partner", "text": "MUMBAI: A small-time actor, Bobby Vats, was arrested by the Versova police on Monday after his live-in girlfriend filed an attempt to rape case against him.The girl who has been living with the actor for the past one year has alleged that Vats had beaten her up after she resisted a rape attempt by him.An officer said that initially she told the police that her live-in-partner had assaulted her, but later she made the rape allegation. \"We registered the case and are enquiring. The accused has told us that he helped her and allowed her to stay with him.\"According to sources, the actor's girlfriend filed a complaint against him when he refused to marry her. Vats has acted in films like Halla Bol and Aa Dekhen Zara.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "17108842", "title": "Mukhiya held for threatening to blow up Mahabodhi shrine", "text": "GAYA: The mukhiya of Kujur panchayat, Mukesh Kumar, was arrested on Wednesday under Atri police station area on the charge of making calls threatening to blow up the world famous Mahabodhi temple and demanding ransom from Gaya Mayor Vibha Devi. The arrested mukhiya is alleged to have made several ghost calls and sent SMSes regarding the presence of terrorists and the 'imminent' terrorist attack on the Buddha shrine. A few days back, the mukhiya allegedly rang up the SSP daring him to protect the shrine from certain terrorist attack.According to sources, besides making ghost calls for the demolition of the shrine and demanding ransom from the mayor, the mukhiya on several occasions, made calls and SMSes to derail the investigation in important and sensational cases, thereby diverting the line of investigation.Confirming the mukhiya's arrest, Gaya SSP Vinay Kumar said there was enough material evidence to book the mukhiya on serious criminal charges. Police officials were interrogating the arrested mukhiya to elicit more information about his mischievous designs that, on more than one occasion, created general panic and put pressure on the police. Earlier, Gaya mayor received several calls and SMS demanding Rs 50 lakh extortion threatening her family's elimination in case the payment was not made.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17107667", "title": "Indian Mujahideen plan moderator may be in NCR", "text": "NEW DELHI: Investigations into the plan to attack Delhi during Diwali by four Indian Mujahideen terrorists have revealed that its 'moderator' - Raju Bhai - operated from Uttar Pradesh and would travel to his Pul Prahladpur flat from there to meet the arrested quartet. He was using a UP mobile connection, police said.Delhi Police has been combing NCR for the past few days as it is suspected that he is still here coordinating with other modules of the outfit. Forces have stepped up the search with Diwali approaching.The Special Cell has also learnt that Saudi Arabia-based IM commander Fayyaz Kagzi had been staying there using the name of 'Abdul Rehman'. Cops have recovered 15 email IDs from the arrested terrorists used to interact with Kagzi in Saudi Arabia and Riyaz Bhatkal in Pakistan for the Delhi strike and the Pune attacks of August 1. Gmail, Hotmail and Yahoo have been approached for details pertaining to these IDs.About Raju Bhai, a source said, \"He interacted with Asad and Imran in Urdu and would come to the Pul Prahladpur flat on a bike. He was asked to arrange logistics. We suspect he is still in Delhi-NCR. As those arrested don't know much about Raju Bhai, this could be his code name to execute the Delhi Diwali strike.\" The Pune attackers, Asad, Imran and Feroz had come to Delhi as an 'advance team' to arrange logistics for the blasts.During their interrogation, cops learnt that \"several cadres of Lashkar-e-Taiba and IM are hiding in Mumbai, Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh. LeT and IM are coordinating with associates of Kagzi in Saudi Arabia and Pakistan. Several have entered India and are probably in Delhi.\"Initial claims made by IM in 2008 said, \"The outfit aims to carry out 200 blasts all over India in the next few years.\" When asked about whether or not Delhi was going to be targeted under the same plan, an officer said, \"We don't know that till we catch Raju Bhai.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17107778", "title": "UDD to review NMC departments on Thursday", "text": "NAGPUR: The urban development department (UDD) of Government of Maharashtra has decided to take review of all departments of the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) on November 8. Principal secretary (II) Shrikant Singh will review the departments.Singh, who assumed the charge in August, will be on his maiden visit to NMC. The top officials of UDD used to take review meetings with the municipal commissioner at Mumbai. Sources told TOI that Singh decided to take review with the head of all departments by visiting NMC in person. Singh will be holding discussion on JNNURM projects particularly 24x7 water supply and city bus service besides other issues related to the civic body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "rajkot/ahmedabad", "code": "17109816", "title": "Fake currency racket: Woman held from West Bengal", "text": "RAJKOT/AHMEDABAD: Gujarat police got the custody of a woman accused from West Bengal (WB), who was wanted in connection with a fake currency racket busted on Sunday. So far, Gujarat has reported 33 cases of Fake Indian Currency Notes ( FICN) seizures in which counterfeit notes with a face value of Rs 26.65 lakh were seized.State director general of police Chittranjan Singh said after the investigators got a clue pointing to WB, they got in touch with the WB director general of police Naparajit Mukherjee and sought cooperation. After they extended support, a team from Rajkot range was sent to WB for investigation.Special Operations Group (SOG) of Rajkot rural police arrested Anjuman Ara Sheikh (37) from Mahollapara village in Malda district and brought her to Rajkot. On Monday, she was produced before a local court, which remanded her to police custody for 10 days.Inspector general of police (IGP), Rajkot Range, Praveen Sinha said Anjuman is the sister of Salima Dalpotra, a native of Malda district, who is married to Wankaner-based advocate Abdul Dalpotra. She has already been arrested in the case along with her husband. They are the main conspirators.Anjuman used to withdraw cash from ATMs of SBI Bank and Axis Bank in West Bengal after Salima deposited amounts generated through the circulation of fake currency notes in the state, Sinha said.\"Anjuman was arrested with the help of local police. Her arrest is significant. She used to get commission for helping the racket and being in touch with fake currency suppliers. This is the first such arrest from WB from where fake currency is being pumped into the country,\" he said.Sinha said police recovered ATM cards from the accused and got transaction details of the two banks. \"She had withdrawn Rs 16.37 lakh from SBI and Rs 2.50 lakh from Axis Bank,\" he said.Anjuman has another sister Rikta, who lives in Maharashtra. Police said she is also involved in the racket.During investigations so far, the names of Mohammed Tanu Sheikh, Bittu Sheikh, Kabir Hussein, Alam and Babar have also cropped up. \"We will nab the remaining accused soon,\" Sinha said.Police sources said fake currency with a face value of over Rs 50 lakh has been pumped into the state in the past few months. The fake currency racket runs through 15 districts of Gujarat and at least 70 people are involved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "17108863", "title": "Akhilesh's tryst with birds, dolphins in Katarniaghat", "text": "BAHRAICH: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav visited Katarniaghat wildlife sanctuary on Monday. His helicopter landed at Girjapuri at 1 pm and spent three hours there before he flew to Lucknow. During the visit he went boating in Girwa river and watched dolphins and Siberian birds. Divisional forest officer (DFO) wildlife R K Singh provided all information about the sanctuary to the CM and showed him lush grasslands, steaming swamps and wetlands. Gharial, tiger, rhino, Gangetic dolphin, swamp deer, Hispid hare, Bengal florican, the White-backed and Long-billed vultures.The DFO told the CM that the sanctuary is now being managed with the Dudhwa National Park and Kishanpur Wildlife Sanctuary, as part of the Dudhwa Tiger Reserve under Project Tiger of the Government of India. The Katerniaghat Forests provide strategic connectivity between tiger habitats of Dudhwa and Kishanpur in India and the Bardia National Park in Nepal . Its fragile Terai ecosystem comprises a mesmerising mosaic of sal and teak forests, one of the best places in the world for seeing the gharial in its natural habitat is the Girwa river, where it is found sympatric with the mugger. This population was one of three that were still breeding, when the project to conserve this reptile from the verge of extinction was initiated in 1975. In the Girwa, mugger crocodiles are also seen, though in much smaller numbers, as their favorite haunts are stagnant wetlands like the many taals and baghars that occur in the sanctuary.Katarniaghat Wildlife Sanctuary is part of the Dudhwa Tiger Reserve, and is located in Uttar Pradesh near the Indo-Nepal border, in the Terai area of Bahraich district. It covers an area of 400 km and was established in 1976.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17108618", "title": "This art trail leads to nature", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Walking on the narrow, winding, muddy pathway that cuts through the foliage at L M Pharmacy College grounds, you are met with a massive 'interruption' at the clearing; only it fits in perfectly with its surroundings. 'Flow', an installation by Sarika Mehta and Neha Lavingia, set up amid the wilderness allows viewers - whether in the soft morning light or at dusk - to forget about their daily routine life. If only for a few moments, the viewers become a part of the natural environment.Elements like water, stones, leaves, birds, veils and algae have been created on an extensive sheet of cotton cloth supported by bamboo poles using a variety of media like fabric colours, charcoals, dry pastels and even pieces of cloth.Strategic slits in the sheets allow sunlight to stream through, forming playful shadows in the mud, and letting viewers steal a glimpse of the greenery that lies beyond.This is Mehta and Lavingia's first combined work. While Mehta's work is usually an exploration of ideas of movement, motion and space, Lavingia's works are precise, suggestive and brief. Mehta is used to working on large canvases, having been trained in printmaking. Lavingia, on the other hand, paints on smaller surfaces, with attention to minute details.\"People are always distracted by so many things: work, school, life, and they rarely get a chance to appreciate nature in all its beauty. This is why we've focused on various natural elements,\" said Mehta.\"Because the exhibition is outdoors and not in a gallery, viewers get a chance to be one with nature and get a sense of peace and contentment,\" said Lavingia. The installation is on display till Tuesday 8 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17109832", "title": "Indore zoo gets a pride of cubs, courtesy villagers", "text": "INDORE: Kamla Nehru Zoo has never had it so good. A day after a cub was rescued from a poacher and brought to the zoo, it got five more leopard cubs from the forests near Dewas. The cubs were brought to the zoo in the evening on Monday. \"The cubs are young. Maybe, 2-3 days old. They were brought here around 6pm. For now, they have been kept in intensive care,\" said zoo in charge Dr Uttam Yadav.According to Yadav, villagers found the cubs in neighbouring forest and handed them over to the forest officials there. \"We are not sure about the mother leopard. The female leopard may have gone somewhere nearby leaving the cubs for a while and the villagers have misinterpreted the scenario and may have taken the cubs, thinking they are rescuing them.\"CF Dewas Vibhash Kumar Thakur said, \"Some villagers of Pipargaon found the cubs between a farm and forest in the morning today. The cubs were brought to a SDO here. We have no clue of the mother leopard. We have sent two SDO in the forest to search for the mother leopard.\" \"After we had the custody of the cubs, we took them to a local hospital, where the doctors referred them to Indore. Now, they are in Indore and being taken care of.\"The health of these cubs is an area of concern, said Yadav. \"We have arranged for milk of cows that have delivered calves recently as their milk is rich in colostrums. It is known for immunity enhancing properties. We have tried to feed new-born cubs with a dropper. Their health looks good. In any case, it is going to be challenging task to take care of these cubs as they are a few days old and separated from their mother.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17107251", "title": "Most boxes do not mention noise level or chemicals used", "text": "MUMBAI: Most firecrackers sold in the city do not display their noise level or chemical composition on the boxes. This, say noise activists, is a violation of a 2005 high court order that mandates their mention on all crackers sold in the market.TOI visited several firecracker dealers and found that most boxes do not state the decibel range of a cracker or the list of chemicals used in its making. It is chemicals that determine the noise a cracker would generate. While most boxes mention that crackers should not be burst after 10pm, most remain silent on the noise and air pollution impact.\"Most firecrackers cause massive noise and air pollution. The noise caused ranges between 100dB and 110dB at the least. Worst are the aerial crackers that contain pollutants in bulk and burst with a loud noise in the air. They may not directly disturb the person who bursts it, but troubles others living on higher floors,\" said Sumaira Abdulali, convener, Awaaz Foundation.\"People feel that they can use colour crackers but these, too, cause huge air and noise pollution,\" she said and added that even dealers authorized by the police do not sell crackers with noise levels and chemical composition declared on them.A firecracker dealer in Goregaon said only a few dealers display the details. \"Many may blame the manufacturers, but it is dealers who tell manufacturers to do so. Or, the details may be mentioned in regional languages.\" An Andheri-based dealer said some display the detail, some don't. \"Most firecrackers, however, mention that they are within the permissible decibel limits.\"Sharda Nikam, DCP in charge of licensing firecracker dealers, said a meeting of all dealers has been called. \"We shall place conditions before them which would need to be followed while selling crackers. The police will take due action.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "lahli", "code": "17107947", "title": "Haryana now looking at England challenge", "text": "LAHLI: Immediately after Haryana lost their Ranji Trophy opener to Vidarbha in the post-lunch session on Sunday, coach Ashwini Kumar gave his wards a peace of his mind.It's not the loss that hurt but the manner of the defeat that worried the team management. After an hour-long meeting, Haryana had a three-hour net session where they worked on specific areas. The last year's semifinalists are known to be slow starters and that's why skipper Amit Mishra isn't too worried. They now look for the England challenge before their second Ranji tie.Haryana will play England in the visitors' last warm-up match at Ahmedabad from Thursday. \"I know it wasn't a good show by us but there is no reason why we can't bounce back. The England game is a great opportunity for us. We have been qualifying for the knock-outs for the last three years and we have it in us to give England a run for their money,\" Mishra told TOI on Monday.\"We can definitely push them. They know nothing about our players while we have videos of all their players. We can surprise them. Besides, we know the conditions better than them. We just need to stick to the basics and not worry about their reputation. I don't think we were totally outplayed against Vidarbha. It's just one session-in which Umesh Yadav bowled a great spell-that proved costly,\" he said.Haryana were bowled out for a meagre 55 - their lowest first class score - in their first innings and that cost them the match. Their inexperienced bowling attack did a good job in restricting Vidarbha. \"We have a good bowling attack and I am sure our batsmen will come good as the season progresses,\" Mishra said.The likes of Nitin Saini, Rahul Dewan and Sunny Singh have been instrumental in Haryana's rise in the last three years but it's the inexperienced middle order that needs improvement.\"It's a good opportunity for our youngsters to test their mettle against quality England bowlers. You don't get to play against the likes of (James) Anderson, (Stuart) Broad and (Steve) Finn often. If our batsmen score against them, they will be more confident,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17109094", "title": "Delhi chokes on Punjab smoke", "text": "CHANDIGARH: As Nasa satellite images over the past few days show, Punjab is literally on fire. In the images, the state is pockmarked with red dots which correspond to blazes deliberately lit by farmers to get rid of their paddy stubbles after harvest.It's an environmentally disastrous practice that the state government has shown little urgency in tackling. Among the fallout of this mass-burning is smog that spreads ill-health through the region, making its way as far as Delhi and beyond. This year, the smog has been particularly severe in Delhi because of reinforcing factors such as cyclone Nilam, lowerthan-usual temperatures and calm winds. Numbers associated with the burning are staggering and shocking.More than 20 million tonnes of straw is set afire within a fortnight that farmers get to prepare their fields for the wheat crop, filling the air with toxic soot and smoke. An estimated 12 megatonnes of CO2, a greenhouse gas, is released in the air. It causes loss of nitrogen content of soil worth Rs 250 crore. Besides, the soil loses its fertility and farmer-friendly insects and micronutrients.The scale of the problem is huge, but the state's response has been tepid. \"We know this is happening. We are trying to create awareness among farmer s about schemes the government is offering through which farmers can earn money for giving away their paddy straw. Action is also being taken by DMs against defaulters,\" says Rakesh Singh , chief secretary, Punjab.The seriousness of these efforts can be gauged from the fact that while fires have been burning in most fields across the state, just 200 people have been booked for burning stubble so far this year. Last year, 180 cases were registered. \"The idea is not to penalize but to regulate. For the first time, we've issued advertisements telling farmers they would be paid Rs 1,200 per acre for their paddy straw. But the window between paddy harvesting and wheat sowing is narrow and farmers are preferring to put fields on fire,\" said Punjab Pollution Control Board chairman Ravinder Singh.Punjab has empowered district magistrates to invoke Section 144, with cases against farmers setting their fields on fire. Once booked for violating Section 144, the Air (Prevention) and Control of Pollution Act, 1981 is slapped on the offender. Experts say it would have been more effective to invoke the act directly.The reason why Punjab has failed to stop farmers from burning stubbles is simple. The state has been unable to give farmer's an alternative. All that has been done is developing a special tractor, and that too in inadequate numbers to cater to the large farmer population.P S Rangi, consultant to Punjab State Farmers' Commission, said the new tractor called Happy Seeder, developed by Punjab Agriculture University with support from the Australian government, is a viable solution. \"Happy Seeder, introduced two years ago, has been successful.But it is in excruciatingly short supply. It is a tractor-powered machine that cuts and lifts the rice straw, sows seeds and deposits the straw over the sown area as mulch. It combines stubblemulching as well as seed and fertilizer drilling operations in a single pass,\" says Rangi.Punjab has failed in promoting this new technique that is promising a solution to the acute environmental problem. Till last year, there were less than 50 Happy Seeders in Punjab, which have increased to nearly 200 this year.\"Punjab needs at least 40,000 Happy Seeders to tackle paddy burning for its over 12,000 villages,\" said Rangi. He didn't comment on whether all farmers would be able to afford the machine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17107553", "title": "HC orders status quo on Charminar temple", "text": "HYDERABAD: The high court on Monday directed the state government and its police and archaeology departments to maintain status quo (as on October 30, 2012) in respect of the safety of the structure of the Charminar. The division bench comprising acting chief justice Pinaki Chandra Ghose and justice Vilas V Afzalpurkar passed the order while hearing a petition filed by Mohsin Bin Abdullah Balala, the GHMC corporator representing Patherghatti division who has charged authorities with allowing the alleged expansion of Bhagya Lakshmi temple under Charminar.Appearing for the petitioner, senior counsel Bojja Tarakam told the court that any expansion and tinkering with the pillars of the monument would threaten the safety of the structure and hence should not be allowed. Scaffolding has been put up and that has been done by tinkering with the pillars of the protected monument, he said.The bench, while acknowledging the existence of a temple under the structure, said that since Charminar was a protected monument, no construction should be taken up by any party, including the temple committee, which may cause damage to it. And, authorities should maintain status quo as was prevailing on October 30, the bench observed.The bench gave authorities four weeks in which to file their counters.The latest HC order to maintain status quo at Bhagyalakshmi temple has created more trouble for police. To implement the order, tarpaulin roof of the make-shift structure has to be put back in its place. Incidentally, people of the community supported by MIM have been opposing it for the past few days. \"The temple management started removing tarpaulin of the pandal on October 31 to replace it with a new one. So, as per the court's order, the tarpaulin has to be put on the pandal,\" a Charminar police officer said.\"As of now, we do not know when the temple management will put up the tarpaulin. But whenever they wish to do that, we will provide the necessary bandobust and security,\" the officer said. The situation is likely to remain tense at Charminar till Diwali.Meanwhile, Hyderabad MP Asaduddin Owaisi approached the State Human Rights Commission alleging harassment by police towards members of a particular community. According to the petition, Owaisi stated that imposing Section 144 of the IPC in parts of Old City in the name of communal clashes was causing of inconvenience to the public. He demanded that it should be lifted immediately as the police had even imposed traffic restrictions. Admitting the case, chairperson of the commission Justice Kakru ordered the DGP and chief secretary of the state to inquire in to the issue and submit a report within 48 hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17107873", "title": "Spice Research institute takes e-route", "text": "KOZHIKODE: With an aim to ensure transparency in purchasing goods and services, the Indian Institute of Spices Research, Kozhikode has introduced an e-procurement process system which will help suppliers and buyers do transactions online.The web portal, developed by the IT Committee of IISR with the help of a private software firm, will help do away with the unauthorised interaction between buyers and suppliers, said Santhosh J Eapen, chairman of the IT Committee. The link to the new portal is given on the website of IISR.Hailed as the first of its kind system to be introduced under the Indian Council for Agriculture Research, S J Eapen said the initiative will also help the public monitor the procurement process.To participate in the bid, vendors and suppliers will have to register their names on the portal. Each bidder can login with his/her username and check the total number of bidders. On opening tender, the tender award rate will be sent to the mail box of all bidders. Apart from vendors and suppliers the site will also be accessible to the public who can monitor the latest works going on at the institute and view tenders and the rate for which the tenders have been awarded, said S J Eapen.The best part is that people can access information on all financial deeds without submitting a request under Right to Information Act, he added.In the second phase development of the portal we will also enable e-payment system to help the bidders, said the officials of the Institute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17109522", "title": "Complaint made against Kohli group under Prevention of Money Laundering Act", "text": "BHOPAL: Amid the controversy brewing over purchase of 1500 acres of land in Madhya Pradesh by Kohli Edutech Private Limited - headed by former Mizoram Governor Amolak Rattan Kohli - a fresh complaint has been moved against the company seeking probe under provisions of the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA).\"RTI documents hints at major cash transactions in the land procurement process. Origin of cash should be investigated,\" says Ajay Dubey, member of Transparency International. He has lodged a complaint with the enforcement directorate (ED's) headquarters in New Delhi.This project landed into trouble after company moved a proposal to swap its 1500 acres of private land - which included land acquired from tribal and destitute villagers -- with same area of government land.However, their proposal was put on hold with objections raised by revenue department, said sources. Moreover, the then principal secretary (PS) R K Sawai had recommended a departmental enquiry (DE) against the then collectors for alleged irregularities and ignoring the due procedure during the land procurement.Sawai's order was based on report submitted by the then under secretary (Revenue) Kiran Mishra. She had recommended the state government to turn down company's proposal highlighting the nine-point objections. One of it was about the company's intention.\"Company's intention is not educational. Their priority is real estate and a mall, which is commercial\" reads point No. 8 on her note-sheet dated August 12, 2011. She also noted that land on patta was procured without the permission of competent authorities. Procurement of 58 illegal 'patta' lands, violation of urban ceiling Act, less payment against guidelines, and non-diversion of land were among other points noted by the officer.These hush-hush communications within the revenue department and government surfaced in the reply to an RTI application filed by Dubey. With these documents he had approached chief minister's office, seeking action against the bureaucrats involved in 'illegal' land deal.Flash backKohli Edutech Pvt Ltd had signed a MoU with MP Trade and Investment Facilitation Corporation Ltd (TRIFAC) in 2007 expressing their willingness to set up a special economic zone for education. State government also gave its \"nod\" without any delay. Subsequently, they also got assurance from the project clearance and implementation board that a non-cultivable land will be swapped with private land if necessary.Sources said, the board had also decided to allow the company to acquire land from patta holders - who were holding lease for more than 20 years - if the land area is non-cultivable or generates no income to the government leaseholder.Only condition was that a competent authority will take decisions on case-to-case basis in accordance with existing land allotment rules. By 2008, company had procured several acres of land from local villagers, including encroachers and tribals, sources alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "17107965", "title": "One temple, two executive officers!", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: The contest for the reins of Indrakeeladri took an ugly turn on Monday when the contending executive officers reached the hilltop temple to take up their duties. In the absence of clear orders from state government, two officers have made it a matter of prestige to take control of temple affairs and are locked in a street fight for precedence.The government is dithering over a final call on the state administrative tribunal's verdict staying the suspension of executive officer Raghunath and the entire row atop Indrakeeladri is being attributed to its failure to take a decision in the matter. While Raghunath is defending his action citing the tribunal's order, Vishnu Prasad, who holds additional charge of executive officer, claims it is him who has been asked to continue by the government. Raghunath though returned to office on Friday itself immediately after the tribunal set aside his suspension order.Temple staff thought that the controversy would get resolved at the high-level meeting convened last Saturday by the commissioner as both EOs had turned up for the meeting. However, no decision could be taken at the meeting as the endowments minister was out of station.Meanwhile, Vishnu Prasad returned from Hyderabad and reported at the temple on Sunday, leaving temple staff confused. Adding to the chaos, Raghunath reached the temple on Monday and started performing his duties straight from the EO's chamber. Sources said that seeing all this, key officials in the accounts wing have proceeded on leave to avoid having to take instructions from two executive officers.When contacted, Raghunath declined to comment saying that the matter was in court although he did not wish to elaborate which court it was where the case was pending. While leaving temple premises, Raghunath reportedly locked up his chambers and took away the keys with himself.According to indications, there are differences of opinion in the endowments department on Raghunath continuing as the temple's executive officer. While senior officials, including principal secretary Chaya Tatan, and commissioner Balaramaiah, are not reportedly too keen on continuing with Raghunath at Indrakeeladri, endowments minister Ramachandraiah is said to be sympathetic towards the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17107086", "title": "Banks asked to migrate to new internet protocol IPv6", "text": "MUMBAI: The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked banks and payment gateways to migrate their websites from the current version of internet protocol (IPv4) to next-generation internet protocol (IPv6) by December 2012.IPv4 is the current protocol used by computers on the internet to communicate with each other. Each computer connected to the internet has a unique IPv4 address, also known as the IP address. Since most IP addresses are almost used up and there is not much room for expansion, the current IPv4 addresses are being replaced by IPv6 addresses.The Indian government has envisaged providing 'Broadband on Demand' by 2015. \"Since the IPv4 protocol has almost run out of addresses, the broadband revolution is sure to ride on next-generation internet protocol (IPv6). The National Telecom Policy-2012 recognizes the futuristic role of IPv6 and aims to achieve substantial transition to IPv6 in the country,\" RBI said in a release.\"Since migration to IPv6 is an eventuality that has to be accepted and managed proactively, government wants it to be done in a planned way rather than against time. They have expressed that the migration of all payment gateways, banks, financial institutions, insurance companies, etc, including their websites, should be completed preferably by December 2012,\" the statement added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17109685", "title": "Mothers observe \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcAhoi Ashtami\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 for children", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Ahoi Ashtami, a festival which announces the arrival of Diwali is finally here. Markets in city were chock-a-block on Monday, with residents collecting eatables and items necessary for the puja on Tuesday.Similar to Karva Chauth in terms of fasting and prayer methods, the fasting day falls approximately eight days before Diwali and four days after Karwa Chauth. The festival is specifically meant for mothers who have sons - they fast all day and offer prayers to Ahoi Mata wishing for longevity of their son.Jyoti Mahajan, a school teacher at Sector 15, said her family follows the tradition of observing this fast with complete reverence. \"I am keeping this fast for my son. I want him to get whatever he desires along with a long and happy life,\" she said.Anita Jain, a resident of Sector 27, too has been very religious in observing the fast each year. She wakes up before sunrise, has refreshments and proceeds to the temple to offer prayers for her children. She explains, \"Women observing the fast should avoid getting angry on this day. They should also avoid bringing bad thoughts to mind as it reduces the goodness of the fast.\"Meanwhile, Sharmas are busy making last minute preparations for the fast, which they observe with great enthusiasm and splendor each year. \"I have been blessed with twins boys, and each year I pray to Ahoi Mata to grant them a long and healthy life,\" said Amita Sharma, a resident of Sector 11, For Monika Shrivastav of Sector 40, keeping the fast gets extra special with each passing year, \"I believe as a blessing of Ahoi Mata this fast brings me closer to my children.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17107292", "title": "Pending HC order renders 60 super specialists useless", "text": "MUMBAI: Sixty highly-qualified doctors, who are waiting to serve the public sector, cannot do so, owing to a pending Bombay high court decision. The super specialists trained in Mumbai's medical colleges have been out of practice for the last two months and are likely to spend a heartless Diwali if the HC does not give out a decision on Tuesday.The matter has been in the HC for a while. The doctors have to serve a bond for the government, failing to do so, they have to pay a huge sum to Directorate Of Medical Education And Research (DMER). Earlier this sum was Rs 25 lakh, but now, it runs into crores. Out of a batch of 60 doctors, who passed this year, 38 are ready to join the posts given to them.A civil writ petition was filed by students studying to become super specialists earlier this year. \"Our problem was that after completing studies, super specialists were not given posts commiserate to the qualifications,\" said Dr Vinod Sharma, who along with others filed the petition.In a decision last year, the HC said the doctors be given bond posts according to their qualifications. In case there are no posts in the department, these be created or the doctor be relieved of the bond.\"The posts that we get are training posts. Earlier, we were given the post of senior registrars, which is not as per our qualification that we have received after studying three extra years of super specialty,\" said Sharma.Though posts have been given to the doctors, they do not have the permission to join because of the court case. \"We have no work and no money. I am already in my early 30s, my family expects me to start earning now,\" said a doctor trained to be a cardiologist.Several doctors are married and either stay away from home or in hostels provided by medical colleges. \"Technically, we have finished our education and are not entitled to the quarters, where we have been living for the past three years. We have been receiving letters daily from juniors to vacate the quarters as they need these rooms. But what should we do? Until we are allowed to join, we have no place to go,\" said yet another trained neurologist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17107830", "title": "Only 50% public distribution system food grains reach Vid tribals: VSDB survey", "text": "NAGPUR: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh recently described malnutrition as a national shame, after a survey found 42% children under five were underweight. At the same time, a survey of the public distribution system (PDS) in tribal-dominated villages of Vidarbha was unearthing figures that suggest around 50% of the food grain quota never reaches beneficiaries.The survey by Vidarbha Statutory Development Board (VSDB) mentions that tribals are not getting 50% of their quota of food grains under PDS from Maharashtra's food and civil supplies department. The average tribal family is getting only half the wheat and rice through the PDS while supply of pulses, sugar, kerosene and palm oil is also less than that required.The study was conducted by expert members on VSDB's panel led by Mrinalini Fadnavis, with Poornima Upadhayay and her team. The VSDB took help from Nagpur University in this regard. The team surveyed tribals living below poverty line (BPL) and those part of Antodaya scheme. The findings were submitted to governor K Sankaranarayanan, who has expressed concern over the findings.The report recommends that food and civil supplies department should have a separate information technology (IT) wing to bring in total transparency and implement an effective delivery mechanism. It also asks for a full-fledged IT solution, where back end data from the government is provided to link actual demand-based supply to fair price shop owners.\"Linking this database with 'Aadhar' card could be considered and such a system will help stop leakage of food grains, improving PDS efficiency. We could then even consider quota carry over for migrating families,\" Fadnavis told TOI.The study reported that fair price shop owners frequently don't give ration cards back to tribals, and then take advantage by selling their quota of food grains in the open market at a huge profit. On this, the governor told Fadnavis that use of IT can plug such loopholes in the system, as has been demonstrated successfully in Kerala and Karnataka.The study also advised the government to enhance the capacity of self-help groups (SHGs) of weaker sections, so that they could apply for licenses to run fair price shops. Citing public health nutritionists, Fadnavis said that food grains and kerosene should be allotted to ration card holders on per unit basis. \"Also, there is no clear stipulation on the monthly income for shop owners and hence applicability of Minimum Wages Act 1948 to them can be considered,\" she said.The study also suggests that basic qualification of shop owners should be SSC while in interior areas this could be relaxed till standard VII. The report also suggests use of IT to supply kerosene on actual demand, after eliminating all sources of pilferage.The study took strong objection to pulses not being supplied through PDS of late and called for their uninterrupted supply. Citing nutritionists, it also suggested that palm oil can't be considered as the best option, and oils with more unsaturated fatty acids could be supplied. It also made a case for launching mini fair price shops, on the lines of mini-anganwadis, to address a problem by over 20% tribals who stay more than a kilometre away from a PDS shop.* Need &amp; availability of ration in tribal areas per family per month:Type ------------ Required (Kg) ---- Received (Kg)Wheat ---------- 35 -------------------- 18.8Rice ------------ 26.7 -------------------- 14.7Pulses ---------- 8.5 -------------------- 7.2Sugar ---------- 5.70 -------------------- 4.06Kerosene ------ 4.9 -------------------- 3.8Palm oil ------- 6.26 -------------------- 3.36* Demands by tribals for supplying additional items under PDS:Tea ---------------------------- 17.7%Salt ----------------------------- 2.0%Chilli (Powder) --------------10.9%Rice flakes --------- --------- 8.3%Detergent ------------------- 28%Turmeric --------------------- 5.7%Groundnut oil --------------- 22.9%Soap ------------------------- 25.4%Jaggery ---------------------- 4.1%Jawar ------------------------ 26.2%*Ration card holders on how PDS can be improved:Aspect ----------------------------------- %Availability as per need ------------ 57%Quality of grain ---------------------- 18%Shop owner conduct --------------- 7%(# Response not received from rest on interviewees)* Ration card holders on punctuality of fair price shop owners:Parameter ------------------------------------------- Yes ------ NoReceipts given for grain purchased ---------- 75% ----- 18%Satisfied with conduct of shop owners ------- 68% -----18%Complaints against shop owners -------------- 8% ------- 68%Satisfied with timings of fair price shops ----- 62% ------ 26%(# Response not received from rest on interviewees)* Sample area: Villages belonging to scheduled area with more than 75% tribal population across five districts - Gadchiroli, Chandrapur, Nagpur, Amravati, and Yavatmal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "nizamabad", "code": "17107964", "title": "Two panther cubs, 2 fawns rescued", "text": "NIZAMABAD: Two panther cubs and two baby deer were found in Amrad Thanda of Makloor mandal on Monday by villagers, which wildlife officials promptly rescued.According to villagers, some children heard the growls of the panther cubs while they were playing cricket on the outskirts of the village and brought them to the village. They also found two fawns in the nearby forest.Anticipating that the mother of the two cubs would come into the village looking for her little ones, the villagers informed the forest department officials who recovered them. While three-day-old panther cubs weighed 2.5 kilograms each, the fawns were a month old.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17109792", "title": "Homoeopathy cure for benign prostate", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A team of doctors at Abhinna Chandra Homoeopathic Medical College and Hospital here has come up with cure for 'benign hypertrophy prostate'.The team - comprising professors L K Nanda, A K Mishra, K Naik, A K Hati and GBN Chainey - ran clinical trials on 220 patients and got encouraging results in checking swellings of prostate. The homoeopathic research on benign hypertrophy prostate is the first time in the country, claimed the doctors.According to the findings, most of the medicines used in treating the ailment are prescribed on a trial basis. But after intensive research and clinical trials, the team has zeroed in on four medicines, which have the potential to arrest residual urine volume - a typical complication of benign hypertrophy prostate.\"We worked on all the existing medicines. Several clinical trials were carried out on patients, who had long complaints of prostate complications. After giving medicines like Thuja, Conium, Sabal Serrelata and Chimatechilla, the patients showed signs of improvement,\" said Prof Hati, adding that homoeopathy could offer better treatment for the disease.The research, funded by the Central Council for Research in Homoeopathy under the Department of Ayush, was taken up in 2005 with an aim to find specific treatment for chronic cases of prostate problems.\"It was a scientific study backed by statistical analysis. Earlier, we didn't have scientific apparatus to assess effectiveness of the medicines. All the team members shared their experiences, which were, in the first phase, put on laboratory trials. Then we began clinical trials, which confirmed the effectiveness of some specific medicines,\" said Prof Mishra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17108049", "title": "Centre assures foolproof security for India-Pakistan series", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the Shiv Sena threatening to disrupt the India-Pakistan cricket series, the Centre on Monday assured foolproof security to the visiting team and said the matches will be played as scheduled between December 25 and January 6.Though none of the five matches (ODIs and T20s) will be held in Mumbai or any city in Maharashtra, the home ministry has sensitized states to take utmost precaution at all venues where matches are to be played.Referring to the procedure followed by Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI), sources in the home ministry said since the venues were decided on 'rotation' basis, none of the cities in Maharashtra were considered for the matches.\"Mumbai, Pune and Nagpur had been selected for India-England matches to be played during November-December and therefore these venues were ruled out while finalizing the India-Pakistan itinerary,\" an official said.Security arrangements at all venues will be made by BCCI in coordination with the respective state police. The Centre, on its part, will provide paramilitary personnel for deployment near playing venues and team hotels.\"We will provide foolproof security to the Pakistan cricket team,\" minister of state for home RPN Singh said when asked about threat to the matches from Shiv Sena which has been opposed to cricket matches with Pakistan due to the role of terror groups based in the country in the 26/11 and Parliament House attacks.Echoing what his senior minister Sushil Kumar Shinde had earlier said about cricketing ties between India and Pakistan, Singh said, \"The matches will happen as per schedule. Those opposing it should take the game as game only.\"Taking offence to Shinde's remark -- \"let bygones be\" -- in the context of resumption of India-Pakistan cricketing ties, ailing Shiv Sena supremo Bal Thackeray said in party mouthpiece Saamna that \"self-respecting and patriotic Hindus will not allow the matches to happen where they are scheduled\" if the minister did not withdraw his remark.\"Shinde saheb, if you have any shame, take your statement back or self-respecting and patriotic Hindus will not allow the matches to happen where they are scheduled,\" Thackeray was quoted as saying in Saamna.\"The Pakistan team will be playing matches in Delhi, Kolkata, Chennai and Bangalore. At one point or the other, Pakistani terrorists have attacked these cities...The feet of Pakistani players won't touch Maharashtra but their tour of these cities is a matter of national shame,\" he added.The series will comprise three ODIs and two T20s. The ODIs will be played in Chennai, Kolkata and New Delhi and the T20 games in Bangalore and Ahmedabad.The two countries have not played a bilateral series since Pakistan's tour of India in 2007. Incidentally, Mumbai has not hosted an India-Pakistan match for a long time. Cricketing ties between the two countries were snapped following the November 2008 Mumbai terror attacks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17107534", "title": "Sax icon jams with Kolkata band", "text": "KOLKATA: Seems like the city's young music brigade has joined the big league. Saxophonist George Brooks, the \"leading American voice in Indian jazz fusion\" who has collaborated with global gurus like John Mclaughlin , drums legend Steve Smith , Doors co-founder/keyboardist Ray Manzarek , Pt Hariprasad Chaurasia, Zakir Hussain , Vikku Vinayakram and fusion guitar maestro Prasanna, among others, recently shared the stage with city band Ragamorphism at the Lake Club, Rabindra Sarobar.This marks a remarkable shift, with the star guest teaming up with city musicians Indra, Avra, Debtanu, Nandini, Anirban, Chandradeep, who constitute Ragamorphism. Normally, local bands open the concert for visiting superstars who travel with their own entourage , so how did the impossible happen? \"Our sarod player Avra made this possible. He sent the Ragamorphism CD to Brooks and also mailed him the tracks. He was highly interested to jam with us after listening to our arrangements and compostions,\" said Indra, who also arranges and composes score for Tollywood.\"We were extremely excited when we heard he loved our music. It's a blessing to all of us. He was further impressed with one of our tracks that was sung by Hariharan. Brooks was also interested after hearing that I've worked with Yo-Yo Ma , a 16-time Grammy-winning cello player,\" added Indra. Incidentally, Brooks has also composed for Yo-Yo Ma, among several other icons.Brooks, though, is an Indian music industry veteran. He has performed at major festivals across the country and has worked on numerous Indian recordings and soundtracks of Indian films. He has also collaborated with L Subramaniam, Shankar Mahadevan, Sivamani and Louiz Banks, but jamming with the young Kolkatans was a first. \"Young musicians here are getting more experienced, it's a positive sign. I think these youngsters are really good musicians,\" said Brooks. But he also pointed out something that the city may or may not agree with. \"As an older musician, I can see there's not much exposure to jazz here. Youngsters mostly listen to jazz fusion. As for me, I love old Indian classical records. So I'd advise all youngsters to listen to old jazz, to know where the tradition comes from,\" said the veteran fusion exponent.\"This is definitely a great honour, especially with someone like George Brooks collaborating with a band based in Kolkata,\" said musician Raghab Chatterjee, who attended the show.And for many, it was a once-in-a-lifetime experience. Or was it? \"Of course I'd love to be back here, I love Bengali food,\" a smiling Brooks promised.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "17109903", "title": "My hard work has paid off: Murali Vijay", "text": "CUTTACK: \"It's the dream of every cricketer to play for the country. Comebacks are that much sweeter,\" a beaming Murali Vijay said on Monday.The final day's play of the rain-ruined Ranji Trophy opener against Odisha had been called off and his Tamil Nadu teammates had got into a game of basketball.Vijay took time out, attending to all the congratulatory messages that poured in almost as soon as the new selection committee announced the 15 players for the first couple of Tests against England.It's been a long wait for Vijay, who last featured in a Test in June 2011, when a string of disappointing scores in the West Indies pegged him back.But the 28-year-old, who made his debut as far back as 2008 - partnering Virender Sehwag in the absence of Gautam Gambhir against the Aussies in Nagpur - has bounced with a string of big scores, including a double-century in the season-opening Irani Trophy tie against Rajasthan.\"I've worked really hard in the last six months, and it has paid off. It's now my job to do justice to the faith the selectors have reposed in me, whenever I get the opportunity. I just want to get out with the bat and do well,\" said Vijay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17107761", "title": "Rain eases up, relief declared for victims", "text": "HYDERABAD: After four days of heavy rain which left villages and roads inundated, people breathed easy as the flood water started receding in the worst-hit districts in coastal Andhra Pradesh and authorities restored road and rail traffic.However, hundreds of villages in East Godavari, West Godavari, Visakhapatnam, Srikakulam, Krishna, Guntur and other districts remained still remain under the water.Officials said that water levels were receding in rivulets, tanks and reservoirs, providing respite to the flood-affected. The death toll in the downpours triggered by cyclone Nilam has touched 24. The government has decided to pay compensation of Rs 1.5 lakh each to the families of those killed.Standing crops in over five lakh hectares were damaged in the rain. With the Meteorological office forecasting more showers in the coming 24 hours, officials urged the people to be wary of further damage. On Monday, Nagavali river in Srikakulam district was in spate, flooding several villages. Rivulets, reservoirs and tanks in the district overflowed at several places.Chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy, whose tour of the flood-hit districts, supposed to start Monday, was postponed to Tuesday in view of the inclement weather, reviewed the situation at a meeting with senior officials in Hyderabad.He has decided to write to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh requesting him to depute a central team to assess the damage and recommend financial assistance for the state.Revenue officials said that crops spread over 5.25 lakh hectares and horticulture gardens across 25,000 hectares had been damaged in the rain. As many as 1,300 tanks were breached and 1,274 houses and 7,000km length of roads have been damaged in the rain.A senior official said that 427 villages were facing a drinking water problem while 225 villages continued to be without power supply. Authorities said that they opened have 170 relief camps to shelter 68,000 people in five districts. The Chief minister also directed the officials to reconstruct damaged houses and pay compensation to those who lost their cattle. \"These are only preliminary estimates. The district collectors have been asked to send detailed reports on the extent of the damage,\" a senior official told TOI.The Telugu Desam Party has demanded that the PM tour the flood-hit areas. \"Farmers are down in the dumps. Both the state and the Central governments have remained insensitive to their plight,\" said party spokesman E Peddi Reddy.In Vijayawada, TDP president Naidu, too, demanded that the Union government depute a team to assess the loss in the flood-affected areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17107260", "title": "Mumbai mums averse to breastfeeding", "text": "MUMBAI: Only about a half of newborns in the state's urban areas, including Mumbai, are breastfed within the first hour of birth, according to a study released by the government on Monday. Out of 1,346 mothers surveyed in urban areas, over 94% said they had registered for institutional delivery (childbirth in hospitals) and also gone in for at least three antenatal care visits (ANCs).Expressing concern at the findings, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan said, \"The low percentage of breastfeeding within an hour of birth, even as (most urban) mothers are having institutional delivery, suggests that private nursing homes are not encouraging breastfeeding enough.\"Chavan asked if nursing homes were encouraging complementary feeding. Indeed, as per the survey, bottle-feeding and early complementary feeding is on the rise, especially in urban areas.Including rural areas, a total of 2,694 mothers with children under two years of age were surveyed. It was found that the breastfeeding percentage in rural areas was better, with 68% of 1,348 rural mothers surveyed saying they had breastfed their infants within an hour of birth.The findings were not encouraging even in the category of exclusive breastfeeding of infants in their first six months, with only 49% of women in urban areas and 63.5% of women in rural areas responding in the affirmative.The only solace was that the state average for breastfeeding within an hour of delivery has increased since 2005-06, when it was 52% (as per the National Family Health Survey).Uncief studies have shown that breastfeeding in the initial hours of birth and exclusive breastfeeding for the first six months is the best form of immunity for a newborn and can arrest malnutrition and prevent neonatal deaths.National coordinator for the Breastfeeding Promotion Network of India (BPNI) Dr JP Dadhich said a lack of awareness about breastfeeding among mothers and caregivers could be contributing significantly to neonatal mortality. \"Breastfeeding within the first hour makes a child more immune and healthy to fight infection, which happens to be the biggest killer of infants in the country. There is a need to counsel mothers as well as medical professionals about the advantages of a quick initiation into the practice.\"(Inputs by Sumitra Deb Roy)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17108017", "title": "Sena to boost movement against proposed power projects in Vidarbha", "text": "NAGPUR: The movement against too many proposed power projects coming up in Vidarbha may get a boost. The Shiv Sena has decided to take up the issue on the lines of the Jaitapur agitation.Shiv Sena working president Uddhav Thackeray has instructed the party's MPs and MLAs to take up the issue. He was impressed by the presentation given by convener of the Vidarbha environmental action group (VEAG) Sudhir Palliwal.Confirming the development, Sena MLA from Ramtek Ashish Jaiswal told TOI that Thackeray directed them to take up the issue in the larger interest of farmers and the environment. \"The issue will be raised during the winter session of the State Legislature scheduled in the city in December. I have been raising issues related to irrigation water being utilized for non-irrigation purposes since a long time. We are going to take up the issue very seriously. Palliwal's presentation was excellent and helpful in showing us the way,\" said Jaiswal.Sources in the Sena told TOI that the issue of the proposed power projects in Vidarbha is likely to feature on the Sena's agenda for the 2014 assembly and general elections. \"Sena is not that active in Vidarbha regarding farmers' issue. Now, Sena is working on various issues to boost the party's image in the region,\" sources said.The movement against too many proposed power projects in Vidarbha was never strong. VEAG started the movement and received support from many social organizations a couple of years ago. The leaders from BJP and Congress too supported the movement to some extent but failed to take it further.VEAG activists led by Palliwal are attending public hearings of proposed power projects and registering objections against their ill-effects.In his November 2 presentation, Palliwal informed Thackeray, Sena MPs and MLAs about the power and irrigation scenario of the entire state especially Vidarbha.Palliwal said that many districts of Vidarbha are already facing the ill-effects of power plants. \"Proposed power projects will not only consume irrigation water and occupy agriculture land which is the bread and butter of farmers but also pollute the environment and ruin the flora and fauna of the region. Power generation from Vidarbha is already higher than consumption. More and more power projects are proposed in the region due to the availability of water and coal. The fact is that the coal supply to many of the projects is from other states. Besides, the water is reserved for irrigation purpose and already, Vidarbha's irrigation potential is very low,\" he said.Nearly 814 power projects will be operational in the country by 2020 as they have already obtained environmental clearance from the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF). \"The power generation capacity of these plants will be 1,92,913 MW. Another 5,08,907 MW capacity projects are in the pipeline and at various stages with the MoEF taking the total to 7,01,820 MW. This is more than six times the present installed capacity of 1,13,000 MW. In all, 132 thermal power projects are proposed in Vidarbha itself. The proposed installed capacity is approximately 86,470 MW of which 17,070 MW will be generated in and around Nagpur itself. All political parties should come together and take up the issue to save the region,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17107799", "title": "Speeding vehicle rams bike, kills 1", "text": "A man on his way to office was killed while his friend riding pillion was injured after their bike was hit by an unidentified vehicle in Mangolpuri, northwest Delhi, on Monday morning. The deceased has been identified as Jitender. The incident took place around 8am when the duo had left home and barely commuted for around a kilometre when a speeding vehicle rammed into their bike and dragged it for some distance, witnesses said. They were taken to hospital where Jitender was declared brought dead, while Akhilesh was admitted for treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "17107349", "title": "5 kids injured in school bus collision", "text": "KALYAN: Five schoolchildren from Varap village near Titwala suffered minor injuries after a school bus rammed into another on Monday morning. Both the school buses belonged to Sacred Heart School in Varap.Around 10.30am, one of the bus drivers suddenly applied brakes while trying to save a man crossing the road. The driver of the school bus behind could not control his vehicle and rammed it into the one ahead. Five kids in the second bus were injured. They were taken to a hospital. The Titwala police said the children were discharged after being administered first aid. Sub-inspector Ramesh Patil said, \"We have registered an accident case.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17108075", "title": "Probe ordered into custody death", "text": "GURGAON: The National Commission for Scheduled Castes (NCSC) on Monday ordered an inquiry into the death of a Dalit taxi driver. The man had died while in custody at the Rajendra Park police station in Gurgaon on Saturday.Raj Kumar Verka, vice-chairman of NCSC, who was in Gurgaon on Monday, ordered the probe under the SDM and an ACP-rank officer into the death of Bharat Bhushan , 28. He was allegedly beaten to death by police when he was in their custody.An identification parade would be held to narrow down on the accused cops, police said on Monday.Deputy commissioner P C Meena assured the family members of the cabdriver that an identification parade of all the 30 policemen, who were present in the Rajendra Park police station at the time of the victim's death, would be done.Meena said that an impartial inquiry was under way. Verka spoke to the victim's family as well as police officers regarding the matter before ordering an inquiry. Verka assured the victim's family members that action would be taken against the guilty.A panel, comprising four doctors, conducted the postmortem of Bhushan, on Monday morning police said. But it was not clear whether Bhushan's death was caused by his being beaten up by police or some other reason.\"The cause of death is not yet ascertained. The victim had minor injuries on his chest and head but they could not have caused his death. The viscera sample has been sent for medical examination to the FSL Madhuban, and PGI, Rohtak. I have a feeling that the death of the victim could be the result of excessive alcohol intake or a heart attack,\" said Dr Deepak Mathur, forensic expert at the Civil Hospital, who was part of the postmortem team.\"We have assigned the inquiry of the case to ACP (Udyog) Ashok Bakshi,\" said Surendra Pal Singh, DCP (West).On Sunday, his family members and others had held a protest against police and held up traffic for half an hour on the Daulatabad flyover. Police lodged an FIR against six policemen.In a related development on Monday, Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda approved the setting up of a State Commission for Scheduled Castes.Haryana minister for Welfare of Scheduled Castes and Backward Classes, Geeta Bhukkal, said the decision to set up this commission reflected the government's resolve to safeguard the interests of the weaker sections of society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17109370", "title": "Metro faces deepwater challenge at Nizamuddin", "text": "NEW DELHI: Phase III of the Metro will have a station submerged in water, almost. With the water table starting at barely 3m below the ground, building the Hazrat Nizamuddin station 18m under will be quite an engineering feat. The water table at the station site is the highest along the Mukundpur-Shiv Vihar corridor, thanks to its proximity to the Yamuna.\"The station will be surrounded by water all the time. Because of this, a specialized drainage system will be put in place,\" said a Delhi Metro spokesperson. The surrounding water will also exert tremendous pressure all the time, so the station will require special technology, quality of materials and construction method.\" The ground from Ashram, which is the preceding station on that line, to Hazrat Nizamuddin is a mix of rocky and soft soils. We will use a special tunnel boring machine that can cut through both kinds of ground,\" the official said.Specialists with sea diving skills may be required to change the cutter at the head of the machine, given the high water volume at the Hazrat Nizamuddin site. \"In case the cutter needs to be changed, these men will go through the pressure chamber inside the TBM to reach the cutter, and change it from inside,\" said the official. Usually, the cutter is removed manually from the front of the TBM.Regarding the drainage system, an official said, \"The water permeability in this area is very high. To build the station, we will have to dewater the site and have a robust waterproofing system\". There will be a complex arrangement to de-water and recharge the wells along with the drainage system. For waterproofing the station box, a very high quality of concrete will be used. \"The waterproofing will depend on the pressure on the outside of the station box. Higher grade concrete with low water permeability will be used for this station,\" said the official.The Hazrat Nizamuddin Metro station will be connected to the neighbouring Sarai Kale Khan ISBT underground while the Hazrat Nizamuddin railway station will have direct access to the Metro station via a dedicated pathway. The Metro station will also be integrated later with the RRTS (regional rapid transit system) that is to come up at the Sarai Kale Khan ISBT.According to the detailed project report by DMRC, 53,370 people are expected to use the station by 2016 and by the year 2021, over 72,000 passengers will use the station everyday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17107770", "title": "Festive drive to arrest drunk driving", "text": "NEW DELHI: This Diwali, 'one for the road' may lead you straight to court. To crack down on increased cases of drunk driving during the festive season, traffic cops have decided to launch a special drive against the offence. The drive, which began on Monday night, will go on for 10 days to ensure that pre-Diwali parties don't unleash a host of inebriated drivers on the road.\"To discourage drunk driving in the run up to the festival, 50 teams of traffic police officers will be posted in various parts of the city every day. Our experience has been that people tend to get carried away during the festive season, causing more accidents and making roads unsafe at night. The drive will continue even well after Diwali as parties continue even then,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.The highest number of prosecutions ever has already been recorded this year \u00e2\u20ac\u201d 20,607 people have been caught driving drunk in Delhi in the first 10 months of 2012. As many as 5,867 people have been imprisoned for the offence.Cops have planned a no-nonsense strategy for the drive. \"People are free to celebrate but that is no reason to bring harm to themselves and fellow road users. Many card parties take place during this time, and we have found that motorists drive rashly during this time because of high spirits. On some occasions, even minors have been found driving which is highly dangerous,\" said a senior official of North district.This year, the maximum number of drunk drivers has been found in south Delhi, where 6,647 people have been prosecuted and 2,472 jailed. North Delhi comes second, with 4,286 prosecutions and 2,111 jail terms. According to the traffic police data, 956 drivers' licences have also been suspended and, in 13 cases, offenders have been awarded jail terms of 10 days or more.Traffic police, along with local cops, will also ensure that shops don't encroach upon main carriageways as is usually done during Diwali. Serious action will be taken against such offenders, said police.Cops have also been instructed to focus on traffic regulations and crack down on illegal parking that adds to traffic chaos in the markets and surrounding areas especially during Diwali.Times ViewDelhi Police's proposed drive against drunk driving should be seen as a good step rather than a party-pooper. Considering the number of lives that are lost in road accidents in Delhi and how often they involve someone being intoxicated at the wheel, it is about time we cracked down on this menace. In fact, we would like this to become a regular feature rather than sporadic drives. A sustained campaign against drunk driving in which the police take strict action is much more likely to yield lasting results, as the Mumbai experience shows, than one-off drives that last a week or fortnight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17109944", "title": "Vulnerable Gen X", "text": "India's asset is its growing young population. Ironically, it is also the most vulnerable section, as more and more health surveys show. Lifestyle diseases are increasingly striking the young. Gen X should read the writing on the wall and put their lives in order. A disciplined lifestyle which entails daily fitness regimen, proper eating habits, cutting out junk food and the ability to tackle stress will see a young, healthier India.Related Story  :  30s are the new 40s for killer heart attacks", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17109173", "title": "Traffic dept to get 200 more constables", "text": "GUWAHATI: Traffic on the city streets is getting worse by the day with the number of vehicles increasing exponentially. In order to meet the challenge of ensuring smooth traffic management in the city, police here are likely to get additional manpower of some 200 constables shortly.The city traffic police department, which has 442 sanctioned posts, actually has only about half the number of constables. Besides, on an average at least 10-15 constables from the existing force are off duty daily due to medical or personal reasons.\"We have apprised the headquarters of our requirement and we believe we will be getting 250 constables especially meant for the traffic department. Though there will always be a need for more manpower, this deployment will surely enhance the service,\" said a senior traffic police official.Police sources confirmed that the recruitment is likely to take place within a month.Apart from this, the city police, in a joint initiative with the Guwahati (metro) district administration, the Guwahati Municipal Corporation (GMC) and the Guwahati Metropolitan Development Authority (GMDA), is going to start training the constables on the latest traffic guidelines.\"The department has also started a traffic rules awareness drive in schools and other educational institutes. We are trying to enlist the help of NGOs in carrying out this drive,\" added the official.However, sources disclosed that the traffic police are not dissatisfied with the GMC and GMDA's directives on car parking in the city.\"As it is, there isn't enough parking space in the city and the problem has worsened since the administration banned parking in several places across Guwahati. The traffic police can't ensure a smooth flow of traffic unless there are adequate parking spots,\" sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17109714", "title": "Schools to reschedule admissions", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With winter vacations coming in the way of private schools to follow the common admission schedule prepared by the UT education department, the schools will reschedule the process of putting up lists of selected students as well as those in waiting to December-end instead of January.According to the schedule finalized by the education department, these lists were to be displayed between January 10 and 15. As this is the time when most of the private schools have their winter vacations, there is a possibility of a shift in all the dates.The schools said the jumble was the result of the department finalizing the schedule without consulting them. Private schools will organize a meeting in two to three days to discuss the issue.Independent Schools' Association president H S Mamik said, \"As it will be holiday time for most of the schools, the dates will have to be amended. None of the staff will be working during these days as the school calendar is set in the beginning of an academic session.\"With schools planning changes in the admission dates, parents are in a fix as only a month is left for the admission process to begin.\"The education department should have consulted the schools. Now, we are facing a tough time due to confusion on dates. We do not know which dates are the final ones,\" said Pratap Singh, father of a four-year-old girl.\"Schools should finalize the dates along with the department, so that there are no changes thereafter,\" said Veera Kaur, mother of a four-year-old girl.According to the schedule finalized by the department, the admission process will start from November 30, with schools displaying the necessary admission information on their notice boards or uploading the details on their websites. The information will include number of seats at the entry level, documents required, fee structure, age requirement and other admission criteria.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "17108648", "title": "Number of urban poor spikes in Gujarat", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Going to the polls in December, Gujarat is witnessing an interesting rural-urban divide. Senior economists have noticed that, for the first time, there has been a sharp decline in the absolute number of rural poor in Gujarat, even as there has been a simultaneous rise in the absolute number of urban poor.Attributable to one of the highest agricultural growth rates witnessed in the recent past, around 10%, a recent study by senior economist Bibek Debroy estimates that the number of people who can be qualified as \"below the poverty line\" in rural areas has gone down from 12.9 million in 2004 to 9.2 million in 2010. On the other hand, however, the economist regrets, the number of poor in urban areas has gone up from 4.3 million to 4.5 million in the same period.A scan into the latest data also suggests that the decline in rural poverty in Gujarat is lower than six other major Indian states. In 2004, 39.1% of Gujarat's rural population was poor. It came down to 26.7% in 2010, suggesting a 12.4% drop in poverty.States which experienced a higher poverty reduction are Orissa (21.6%), Uttarakhand (20.2%), Maharashtra (18.4%), Tamil Nadu (16.3%) and Himachal Pradesh (15.9%).While economists (most notably Debroy) term the decline in rural poverty as the \"real story\" of Gujarat, as the reduction is higher than the all-India average of 8.2%, others have simultaneously noticed how, in urban poverty reduction, the state has fared badly compared to the majority of Indian states.In Gujarat during 2004-10, there has been a very marginal decrease in the percentage of urban poor, much lower than most Indian states. A 2.2% reduction in the number of urban poor from 20.1% to 17.9% is lower than a dozen out of 20 major states.The states which witnessed a higher percentage in urban poverty reduction are Madhya Pradesh (12.2), Orissa (11.7), Rajasthan (9.8), Maharashtra (7.3), Tamil Nadu (6.9), Karnataka (6.3), Kerala (6.3), Andhra Pradesh (5.7), Chhattisgarh (4.6), Bihar (4.3), Uttar Pradesh (2.4) and West Bengal (2.4). The all-India average percentage in poverty reduction is 4.6.While Debroy gives no reason behind the low rate of decrease in urban poverty in Gujarat, analysts attribute it to Gujarat emerging as the fastest urbanized state of India. Gujarat experienced a whopping 35.83% growth in urban population between 2001 and 2011.Currently, 42.6% of the state's population now lives in urban areas, next only to Tamil Nadu and Maharashtra. This may be because a higher number of rural areas have been turning into urban conglomerations in the recent past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17109386", "title": "Let paralysed officer return to work, tribunal tells BSNL", "text": "CHENNAI: The Central Administrative Tribunal on Monday came to the rescue of a BSNL junior technical officer (JTO) left partially paralysed by a stroke, directing the principal chief engineer of BSNL, Tamil Nadu zone, to allow him to report for duty in his post. The tribunal said the telecom company would have to accept the decision of the medical board and endorse the leave application of the JTO, M Manoharan.The judicial member of the tribunal, G Shanthappa, said Manoharan had established that he should be granted relief and quashed a September 23, 2011 order that refused to allow the petitioner to rejoin as JTO . Manoharan suffered a massive stroke on June 1, 2002 that paralysed his arms and legs. He was not able to speak and was under continuous treatment for two years.The respondents in the case included the executive engineer (civil), the superintending engineer and sub-division engineer (civil) of BSNL in Ambattur. \"A competent medical authority examined the applicant and stated that the applicant suffered medical disability during the course of employment. The stand taken by the respondents is rejected,\" Justice Shanthappa said.Manoharan told the tribunal that he applied for leave after the stroke and returned to duty on January 12, 2004. However, the chief engineer of Chennai Telephones, KK Nagar, the fourth respondent, directed the petitioner to appear before the medical board and obtain its opinion whether his fitness allowed him to perform his duty as JTO.As advised by the board, he proceeded on 'commuter leave' for 90 days from September 13, 2010 and underwent various treatments including physiotherapy. But his seniors did not permit him to rejoin duty. They informed him that the regional medical board of Government General Hospital had on December 10, 2010 declared that he was medically unfit to perform his duties as JTO.\"The respondents did not accept the medical report of the applicant and did now allow him to rejoin duty,\" said the tribunal's administrative member, R Satapathy. \"The stand of the respondents is not correct. It is illegal and violates of principles of natural justice.\"Citing the Supreme Court's 2008 order in Bhagwan Dass vs Punjab Electricity Board, Justice Shanthappa said Manoharan had submitted documents to show that his medical disability had occurred while in service, and this was confirmed by Government General Hospital, so the respondents could not refuse to reinstate him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17109801", "title": "Cop arrested taking Rs 1,500 bribe", "text": "SURAT: Police station officer of Adajan police station was arrested by anti-corruption bureau (ACB) for allegedly accepting a bribe of Rs 1,500 from a milk distribution agent. The accused had demanded money to release the victim on bail.Dipak Patil, a milk distribution agent, , lodged a complaint with ACB which planned a trap and nabbed PSO Dipak Vasava red handed in the police station on Sunday.Patil had gone to deliver food to a relative in a hospital near Shree Ram Petrol Pump in Adajan on Saturday. He stayed at the hospital till late night and came out to buy a water bottle. He was crossing road to search for water around 12 midnight when police team on patrol nabbed him. He was booked for allegedly violating prohibition rules.On Sunday morning he asked PSO Vasava to help him get out of police arrest. Vasava demanded Rs 1,500 as bribe from him. Patil agreed to pay the money and he was released during the day.He later approached ACB officials and lodged a complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17110919", "title": "Fahadh to play a Mollywood superstar", "text": "After Bollywood's hit flicks such as 'Page 3', 'Fashion', 'The Dirty Picture' and 'Heroine', which were based on the life of celebrities, it's now Mollywood's turn to take a peek into a celeb's life.  Senthil Kumar, who makes his directorial debut with 'Red Carpet', hopes to create waves in the industry through his movie. \"Movies on artists have always fascinated the audience. They love to know the real life of their favourite stars. My film is based on the rise and fall of an actor, played by Fahadh,\" says the director.  As the media is an inevitable part of a celebrity's life, the director says, the movie will explore the influence of the media in an actor's life as well. \"My movie will throw light on how the media handles a celebrity's fame and life,\" adds Senthil. Apparently, Red Carpet will see yet another strong performance from Fahadh, who is currently one of Mollywood's leading stars. The movie will see Fahadh pairing up with actress Mamta Pregith for the first time. \"Mamta, who plays his love interest, will essay the role of a model,\" says Senthil. Ordinary fame Shritha Sivadas will also be seen in a prominent role as a TV anchor. This is not the first time that M'wood is bringing an actor's life on screen. The Jayaram starrer Nayika was based on the life of yesteryear actress Sharada. However, Red Carpet will be a different outing altogether as it traces the rise and fall of an actor. The story, script and screenplay are by the director himself. The music is scored by Bijibal and the lyrics by S hibu Chakravarthy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17107460", "title": "Legal eagles may have a field day", "text": "WASHINGTON: US Presidential elections tick over like clockwork every four years - \"Tuesday after the first Monday in November\" by law - but the results are increasingly getting mired in lawyerly fights over arcane procedures and decentralized rules, some of which threaten a quick conclusion to the polls on Tuesday.The nightmare prospect of a repeat of 2000, when George Bush and Al Gore carried their electoral scrap to the supreme court, is very much in the air in the close contest between President Barack Obama and Republican challenger Mitt Romney . Both sides have commandeered and deployed thousands of lawyers in key swing states to protect their interests.Lawsuits are already flying around. In Florida, Democrats went to court demanding extension of early voting hours after reports of long waits and frayed tempers at polling booths. In one instance in the notorious Miami-Dade Country, which was in the center of the controversial 2000 election, voters who lined up at 7pm on Saturday are reported to have cast their ballots at 1am Sunday.US election laws are decentralized to a great extent with states and even counties formulating their own rules. Many states in US allow early voting, especially the weekend before elections, because Election Day on Tuesday is not a holiday and voters have to vote before or after work or during lunch hour.The world's most boastful democracy also has some of the most arcane laws and procedures, including the little known fact that people do not vote directly for the President on Election Day, but for a slate of state electors who are pledged to support the winning side in an Electoral College vote that takes place in December. The ballot also has a slate of other races, from House seats (all 435) to Senate races (one-third of the Senate or 33 seats go up for re-election every two years) to governorships contests in some states, not to speak of local body polls and assorted propositions and referendums.Voting complications are nothing compared to what will unfurl should Tuesday's count is close. For instance, many states now have rules that kick in automatically if the winning or losing margin is narrow -- 0.25% in case of Ohio. In some cases, provisional ballots and absentee votes are not counted till long after Election Day, so a narrow margin of win and loss would just be provisional result till the last vote is counted.Suspicion runs deep on both sides. Republicans fear Democrats will indulge in vote stuffing and legal strategems to promote their favoured constituents (mostly minorities) in the same way Democrats are apprehensive Republicans will try and stop them from voting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17109694", "title": "What\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s cooking at this dhaba in Sector 28?", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Despite the fact that Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper scheduled visit to a dhaba in Sector 28 has been reportedly cancelled, Chandigarh police on Monday conducted a detailed rehearsal at the \"dhaba\" and also taught some everyday manners to the employees there.The rehearsal was conducted under the supervision of SP (security) Maneesh Chaudhary and other officials. Meanwhile, the dhaba owner also arranged new utensils for the purpose. The rehearsal was conducted for more than two hours, while demonstrating the PM's entry and exit to the eatery.On November 2, Shiv Raj of Harper's office told media persons that, \"PM Harper being a G-20 leader, there are a lot of security issues involved thus the dhaba visit has unfortunately been cancelled. It's not happening now.\" Shiv Raj, who works in Harper's office, is already here in India.SP (security) Maneesh Chaudhar said, \"We have not received any revised route map and duty chart of central government about the visit of Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper. As per the previous scheduled visits, Harper will visit the dhaba in Sector 28.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "kolkata ", "code": "17107475", "title": "State tastes success in poverty fight", "text": "KOLKATA : All's not so bad in Bengal, after all. At least the poverty ratio of the state for 2009-10, as projected by the Planning Commission says so, if this ratio is compared with the earlier calculation done for 2004-05.Though it will be a long while before Bengal can make it to the top positions, it is not at the rock bottom either. In fact, the state is in the 9th position and has moved a few notches up when you consider both the poverty ratio and the poverty line of 2009-10, which is the latest in the just-released report on poverty indices by the Centre.The term poverty ratio indicates the percentage of population in a state that lives below poverty line (BPL). The poverty line again indicates the lower limit of monthly per capita expenditure in a state. People whose spending capacity is less than that are declared to be poor or those who live below the poverty line. The poverty line is divided into two parts - one for the rural population and the other for the urban population.According to the report, the state where the largest percentage of rural people live below the poverty line is Chattisgarh. Here, 56.1% lives are in the BPL list.In fact, the situation has worsened from the earlier report of 04-05, when 55.1% people lived below the poverty line in the state. Bihar finished second last where 55.3% people live below the poverty line, a marginal improvement over the earlier 55.7%.Bengal has vastly improved since 04-05 in this context. While the rural poverty ratio was 38.2 then, in the current scenario, the ratio has improved to 28.8%. Kerala is the best in this context with only 12% of its rural population living below the poverty line. This is followed by Punjab with 14.6% of its rural population under BPL.Kerala, one may conclude is a happy place to live in as it has the lowest poverty ratio (12.1%) even in case of the urban population. Tamil Nadu has finished a close second. Bihar and UP are the two states where the situation is the worst in case of the urban poverty ratio. In case of the urban poverty ratio, Bengal has finished 9th with 22% people living in BPL. This is a marginal improvement from 2004-05, when 24.4% urban people lived BPL.While defining the current poverty line of the respective states, the Planning Commission again makes a clear rural and urban divide. In the rural context, the poverty line for Bengal has been quantified at Rs 643 while in the urban context it is Rs 830 (11 position), making it finish 11th in the national scenario. The poverty line for Punjab is the highest in the rural context and has been quantified at Rs 830, while in case of the urban population, Haryana is the best with the poverty line being adjudged at Rs 975.40. Interestingly, Orissa has finished last among major states with Rs 567 and Rs 736 at the rural and urban contexts respectively.\"The Planning Commission has used the Tendulkar Methodology to calculate the poverty line and ratio. This is the most scientific methodology that takes into consideration regional variations, in price indices and consumer preferences. One has to remember that the poverty line is calculated keeping in mind the lower limit of the per capita monthly expenditure, though the common notion is that it is calculated on the basis of income,\" said Bivas Chowdhury, director of the Central Statistical Organisation, a wing of the ministry of statistics, which is studying the data and drawing inferences.\"It is heartening to see that rural Bengal has marched about 10 percentage points ahead of the previous calculation. This has probably happened because of the smooth running of the panchayat system here.The fact that the panchayat-led development programmes have borne fruit in the 2005-09 phase and that the panchayats have been able to spend effectively on projects, is evident,\" explained economist Ratan Khasnobis.Economist Aviroop Sarkar, however, chooses to raise a few doubts. \"I doubt the Tendulkar methodology actually. Nothing dramatic has happened in the said period to bring about a 10 percentage point leap in rural Bengal,\" Sarkar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "17107944", "title": "Junior engineer in Anti Corruption Bureau net", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Anti Corruption Bureau (ACB) sleuths nabbed a junior engineer attached to Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Ltd ( MSEDCL) office in Gadchandur while taking a bribe of Rs3000 from a consumer on Monday afternoon. Accused junior engineer Sandeep Jawahar had demanded bribe for supplying electricity to the bore-well in the complainant's farm.Complainant Sachin Khamankar's mother owns a farm in Sonurli (Gadegaon) in Korpana tehsil. Khamankar gave application for power supply to this farm. However, junior engineer Jawahar demanded Rs3500 to give the demand form, which is necessary to allot the connection.Khamankar agreed to pay Rs3000 and later filed a complaint with ACB branch here. Accordingly, a trap was laid by ACB team led by DySP Rajesh Shirsat on Monday. Jawahar was caught red-handed while accepting the bribe from Khamankar.Gadchandur police have registered offence against Sandeep Jawahar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17108386", "title": "When British fined Rajkot ruler for female infanticide", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Exactly 178 years ago on this day, first female infanticide in Gujarat was penalized! In a state which continues to reel under skewed sex ratio of 886 girls per 1,000 boys, a Rajkot ruler, Suraji Jadeja was penalized Rs 12,000 cash by the British government for facilitating female infanticide on November 6, 1833. When the case came to the notice of British rulers notice, they slapped a fine and also attached the entire Rajkot taluka.While the present day administration has got tough following dismal male: female ratio in Gujarat \u00e2\u20ac\u201d there are cases under PCPNDT Act are pending against 208 doctors in the state \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the British administration had carried out a sustained campaign to eradicate the evil practice.According an account 'Suppression Of Female Infanticide In The Province Of Kattywar' by Alexander Walker and JP Willoughby, an inquiry into the incident was conducted by political agent Captain Lang and reported to Walker, who was the Resident of Baroda. Lang's report to his superior described how Suraji's employees were involved in this female infanticide. Suraji initially denied charge saying that the birth was premature, and hence it was registered.However, the attendants revealed before the inquiry officer how the newborn was not allowed to live by not removing placenta and making respiration impossible. Lang prescribed exemplary punishment for Suraji so that the evil practice among the rulers could be curbed. In his report, Lang mentioned, \"He (Suraji) has not even expressed contrition for the heinous crime he has committed; he is evidently alarmed for the consequences that may ensue, but he does not appear to feel ashamed of the unnatural deed he has perpetrated.\"Refraining from inflicting extreme punishment, Lang proposed a fine of Rs 12,000 and till then Suraji's state would remain attached. The British even made entire staff, that was involved in this incident, fired from Suraji's court. The proposal was accepted a year later and Suraji was warned that if another incident of female infanticide happened, it would cost him his estate.The penalty was still mild for the British, because as Walker wrote, they did not want to hostile chieftains and want to create awareness among people \"so that they may be induced to view the custom with general execration and to aid our endeavours to wipe away so foul a blot on humanity\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17107175", "title": "IDG Ventures looks to exit Manthan Systems", "text": "BANGALORE: IDG Ventures India is planning to exit Bangalore-based analytics solutions provider Manthan Systems some time next year, said sources familiar with the development.The technology-focused $150-million VC fund had invested $2 million in Manthan's first round of funding in 2007. Two years later, it participated in a $15-million series B funding together with Fidelity International and DFJ ePlanet Ventures. Earlier this year, Manthan received another $15 million from US-based Norwest Venture Partners .An email sent to Sudhir Sethi, chairman and MD of IDG Ventures India, did not elicit any response.Atul Jalan, founder &amp; CEO of Manthan, said he was not aware of any active move by IDG to exit. \"I know they have received some very good offers in the past two years. IDG also knows that the longer they stay, the better it is for them,\" he said. VC firms typically exit in three to seven years.Analytics is the flavour of the season, with everybody from IBM and Accenture to a slew of startups developing solutions for companies to make sense of today's deluge of data from a variety of sources, including social media. Manthan, founded in 2004, was one of the early entrants in the space. It has targeted retailers and consumer packaged goods companies. It has over 80 customers, most in the $1-20 billion revenue range, and includes McDonald's, Lowe's, Haggen, and, most recently, food retailer Sprout and fashion retailer Charming Charlie.In July, Manthan announced a major order win from Singapore's Infocomm Development Authority. Manthan's solutions help retailers to understand things like where to locate stores, how to lay out stores, which items to keep in each store and which items are best kept together.Given that record, IDG should be able to get a good return on the Manthan investment. Another Bangalore-based analytics firm, Mu Sigma, raised $108 million from Sequoia Capital and General Atlantic in December last year. Fidelity Growth Partners India invested $20 million in AbsolutData in August. AbsolutData, founded by Indians in California, has its delivery centre in Delhi.\"Analytics has become attractive as traditional IT services are increasingly getting commoditized. Indian service providers want to move up the value chain and analytics gives a fresh impetus to better their margins,\" said Sanjeev Krishan, leader-private equity in consultancy firm PwC India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17108868", "title": "HC seeks records on money spent on statue", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Rs 50.625 lakh expenditure made by Pathankot town improvement trust for installing a statue of Dr Shayama Prasad Mukherjee at Pathankot has come under the scanner of Punjab and Haryana high court, which directed the state government to produce before the court relevant records on November 27.The directions were made by a division bench comprising Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice R K Jain while hearing a public interest litigation filed by Surinder Mahajan of Pathankot. The petitioner has alleged that the statue had been purchased by the improvement trust in a dubious and non-transparent manner without inviting tenders through newspapers.The petitioner alleged that although the aforesaid expenditure had been made by the trust in 2009, as per information received under RTI Act, till date the trust has not received the relevant bill from a firm based in Noida which won the contract. The petitioner alleged that undue benefits were conferred on the Noida firm by the executive officer or the chairman of the trust.Petitioner has sought investigation into the conduct of various officers of the trust in purchasing and installing the statue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17107945", "title": "Arvind Kejriwal to Congress: Reveal source of funding of mega rally", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after the Congress held its rally at Ramlila Maidan, India Against Corruption (IAC) activist Arvind Kejriwal asked the party to disclose the source of funding for the rally.\"How much money did Congress spend on yesterday's rally? On transporting people from other states, special trains, buses? Was any incentive in cash or kind given to people attending rally? Will Congress make its accounts public?\" he asked.The Congress on Sunday held a mega rally at the Ramlila Maidan to convey the message that the party was on board on economic reforms and the recent fuel price hike notwithstanding the strident attack from the Opposition.The rally was addressed by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, Congress president Sonia Gandhi and general secretary Rahul Gandhi among others. The Congress has been engages in a pitched battle with IAC demanding that the NGO disclose its funding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17109645", "title": "Marathon I-T seizure still on", "text": "JAIPUR: The Income-Tax (IT ) department continued its massive search and seizure operations at four different establishments in the city. Sleuths are likely to detect and reveal a sizeable amount of the unaccounted income from the assessee.It may be recalled that the investigation wing of the I-T department had launched search operations at 26 places of a leading jeweller. Altogether 141 tax officials and nearly 30 police officers were pressed into service and till Saturday they had unearthed an undisclosed income of over Rs 100 crore from the jeweller.\"It is just in continuation of what we started on Wednesday. On Monday our teams were scanning the documents and other items at four different spots, including the office of a leading group,\" said a senior officer of the I-T (investigations ).Officials were, however, tight-lipped on how much undisclosed income or any further seizure were made till Monday evening but added that by Tuesday they will disclose it. It may be recalled that the jeweller is into trading and manufacturing of gold and silver ornaments. Sources added that a team of IT sleuths was also in Haridwar and Kolkata to search other establishments of the assessee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17108567", "title": "Faction-ridden Cong stares at further split", "text": "HUBLI: All is not well in Dharwad district Congress, which is heading towards a split with senior leader and former MLA, Jabbar Khan Honnalli evincing interest in joining former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa's new party.Congress, which is bogged down by internal squabbles has several factions led by leaders HK Patil, AM Hindasgeri, Honnalli, CS Shivalli and legislators Srinivas Mane and Santosh Lad. In fact, Congressmen take pride in identifying themselves with different factions.Fissures in the party became visible in 1999-2000, when the Congress, instead of putting up a united fight, held separate rallies organized by HK Patil and Kumar factions to demand the removal of former Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi's name from the Bofors scandal. Differences between the two have festered since then.Added to this, the party suffered a huge setback as all its candidates lost the Assembly elections in the district in 2008, with only Santosh Lad winning from Kalghatagi.Hindasgeri is Hubli-Dharwad city district Congress president, while Shivalli is rural district president. Both have failed to keep the flock together.Speaking to TOI, Honnali said there is groupism in the party. \"Though I am the senior leader, I am being sidelined after stepping down from president post. I am not even being invited to many meetings,'' Honnali added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17107966", "title": "Housewife raped, murdered", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 35-year-old housewife was raped and murdered at her house in Kukatpally on Monday.The victim was identified as Aruna Kumari, 35, of Gayathri Nagar in Kukataplly. Aruna Kumari used to work at Noble Binding Press in Gayathri Nagar. Aruna's elder daughter is a B Tech student, while her younger daughter is in class VII. Her husband, Peter, is an employee with a pharma firm in Qutbullapur.At 1.30 pm, Aruna went home for lunch. \"The assailants entered the house when Aruna was alone. They raped her and then strangled her to death using a nylon wire,\" Kukatpally inspector K Srinivasa Rao said.The incident came to light when Aruna's neighbours went to her house in the evening. \"Neighbours found Aruna lying dead in the house and alerted her husband. Police were also intimated about the incident,\" the inspector said. Police then shifted the body to Gandhi Hospital for post-mortem where doctors, after the forensic examination, confirmed that she was raped and then strangled to death.The investigating officials suspect that the assailants were known to Aruna as they managed to enter the house without any resistance. The investigators called in Clues team to collect fingerprints from the spot and vaginal swabs of the victim have also been preserved.\"We will be talking to the victim's family members and colleagues to know if she had any friends. Her cell phone call data will also be analyzed,\" an official said. Police have booked a case under section 302 (Murder) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17109428", "title": "Residents suffer as sewage floods roads for days in Vepery", "text": "CHENNAI: The stench of sewage fills the air at Choolai Roundtana in Vepery. The dark liquid stands on the street in front of the 150-year-old St Paul's Church on Narayana Guru Salai, and on the four roads radiating from the circle. Residents and commuters have been living with the overflowing sewage for the past five days.General Collins Road, Hunter Road and E V K Sampath Salai, which branch out from the circle, are known to flood during rains, so residents were not surprised at first when water began stagnating after last week's rain. \"It was only when it began stinking that we realised it was sewage, not rain water,\" said Pankaj Chowhan, a resident of Hunter Road.Residents complained to the local pumping station on Perambur Barracks Road, but no action was taken. A manhole on the mouth of Hunter Road has been overflowing for the past five years but the leak has not been corrected, says Chowhan. \"Metrowater officials say there is a block, but have done nothing to fix it,\" he said.General Collins Road has three schools, including Doveton Oakley Primary School and St Aloysius Anglo-Indian Girls' School. The schools, which re-opened on Friday after Cyclone Nilam, had to place large stones across the road so that students would not get their feet wet. \"Children as young as four years walk to school, and it's awful to see them wading through the sewage,\" said a caretaker at St Aloysius School.Permanent stagnation on the road has led to potholes developing and mosquitoes descending on the area. \"It is torturous to sit outside at night, even though I use mosquito repellants,\" said Arunakannan, a watchman on Hunter Road.A resident of Kalathiyappan Street, Akaash C said, \"Metrowater seems to have forgotten that stinking water needs to be pumped out and drainage fixed.\"Sources said manholes on the roads were blocked because the area's pumping station was not functioning to capacity for the last few days. When TOI visited the pumping station the workers said the station was functioning to full capacity. \"There is nothing wrong with any of our pumps. There is no increase in complaints from the area,\" said a senior Metrowater engineer. \"Now that you have informed me I will go inspect the place,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17108299", "title": "Five children injured as dumper rams into school bus", "text": "GURGAON: Five students of a private school were injured when their school bus was hit by a speeding dumper near New Colony Mod (turn) on Monday morning. Police have lodged an FIR against the dumper driver for negligent driving and arrested him.Two students were discharged after the treatment in a private hospital, while three others were under medical observation because of their critical injuries. Some other students also reportedly sustained minor injuries in the accident.The accident took place near the New Colony turn early Monday morning. The school bus of Lt. Atul Kataria Memorial Public School was going with the students towards the school when a speeding dumper rammed the bus.The bus driver was negotiating the turn when the dumper driver lost his control and hit the bus. In the accident, the back wind screen of the bus broke and the students in the bus were pushed forward.According to police, five students including Dhirendra, Class 7, Isha, Class 3, Nitin and two others were injured. After first aid, Dhirendra and Isha were discharged from the private hospital in the afternoon and the other three were under observation.\"The dumper driver has been identified as Shaukeen, a native of Mewat district, and we will produce him in a city court on Tuesday,\" said Ravi Shankar, the investigating officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "manipal", "code": "17108500", "title": "International symposium from tomorrow", "text": "MANIPAL: Manipal University in collaboration with the Cochrane Public Health Review Group has organized a two-day international symposium on Evidence Based Public Health Interventions in Low and Middle Income Countries and a workshop on Systematic Reviews of Public Health Interventions here from Wednesday. The symposium aims at providing an overview of challenges involved in the evaluation of effective public health interventions, which are relevant for low and middle income countries.Topics such as nature of public health interventions, challenges in evaluation of complex public health interventions and examples of primary evaluation studies of varying designs will be dealt during the symposium. Each session will be followed by a panel discussion to exchange views.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17107853", "title": "Kozhikode autos hike fares unilaterally", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Autorickshaws in the city have unilaterally hiked the fares even before the state government issued an order announcing a revision. Some of the auto drivers in the city have started charging Rs 15 as minimum fare citing the reasons like increase in fuel price and skyrocketing of prices of essential commodities.But, neither the transport authorities nor the traffic police are aware of this sudden development. \"They ask additional charge citing that they don't get passenger on their return trip,\" said Deepa, a resident of Belathikulam. \"Earlier, they used to demanded additional charge only in the late evening. But now they have started charging excess fare even during day time,\" she said.C Geetha from Pavangad shared the view. \"Auto drivers used to tell us about the extra charge at the time of hiring the vehicle. Then we had the choice to opt for another auto. But now they demand excess fare only after reaching the destination,\" she said.Though the government had reached a consensus with representatives of auto and taxi trade unions on increasing the minimum fare to Rs 15 from the existing Rs 12, a final decision in this regard is not yet taken. Kozhikode RTO Rajeev Puthalath said that only an agreement had been reached between the government and trade union representatives. \"A government order needs to be issued to charge the revised fare. Stringent actions will be taken against auto drivers who charges extra fare,\" said the RTO.According to the Kozhikode Jilla Motor Engineering Workers' Union (CITU), the city has a total of 4,101 registered autos. T V Noushad, secretary of the union admitted that he was aware of the issue. \"We have directed our members not to overcharge the passengers demanding the proposed revised fare rate, which is not yet made official by the government,\" said Noushad.\"The joint coordination action committee comprising representatives of all trade unions, has decided to publish the new auto fare chart on November 15 if the government fails to announce the revised charge on the agreed date on November 10,\" said Noushad.However, he said it was the inactiveness of the police that resulted auto drivers overcharging passengers. \"The police should take stern action against such erring drivers,\" he said.When contacted, traffic CI S Nandakumar said that the traffic police had not received any complaints from passengers thus far. \"Stringent actions, including imposing hefty fine and cancellation of auto permit, will be taken against erring auto drivers who charge extra amount. People can inform the control room by dialing 100 in case the auto driver demands excess fare,\" said the CI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17109775", "title": "Escape bid: Eight jail inmates booked", "text": "LUDHIANA: A day after 13 inmates of Borstal jail, Tajpur Road, tried to escape, eight were booked on Monday. They include Umesh Khatra \u00e2\u20ac\u201d who was involved in DSP Balraj Gill murder case \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Sonu \u00e2\u20ac\u201d an undertrial who had tried to escape last year too \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Akhilesh, Jasbir, Shamsher, Rajesh, Ravinder and Baljinder.Head constable of division number 7 police station Satinder Singh, who is investigating the case, said, \"The accused will be brought on production warrant for investigation. Five more accused who were a part of the planning will be booked after their involvement was established.\"Sources said the accused had been planning the escape for a week. \"Rajesh, a helper in the jail kitchen, had brought the chilly powder that they had used during their escape bid,\" they added.During their escape attempt, the accused had thrashed head constable Balwinder Singh around 8.30am when a team of jail officials had gone inside the prison for checking. One of the accused had knocked at a door and when Balwinder opened it, they threw chilly powder in his eyes and snatched the main gate key from him. But Balwinder put up a brave front and raised the alarm, which foiled their efforts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17109609", "title": "No celebrations for this mohalla", "text": "JAIPUR: For Darukuta Mohalla in Bharatpur's Deeg town, there have been no Diwali celebrations for the past four years. Besides losing 29 lives, this is the price that the mohalla residents are paying for illegally manufacturing crackers.Known for preparing crackers and selling them at cheaper prices than branded companies across Rajasthan, the mohalla wears a deserted look at a time when every household here should have been busy making money.The memory of the blast in an illegal cracker manufacturing unit in October 2008 that claimed 29 lives is still fresh in the mind of every surviving member of the 25 families of Jatav community who live in this mohalla. Manufacturing crackers had been these families' ancestral and only profession before the tragedy.\"However, most of us now have taken to cobbling. Others have opened grocery and electronic items' shops,\" said Ramratan Jatav, a resident of Darukuta Mohalla.According to the residents most of the families received compensation from the state government and other agencies. The money was used in reconstructing the damaged houses and opening new businesses.Shyamu Kumar a local resident told TOI, \"The most unfortunate part is that all the deceased had left behind minor children. The distant relatives of the deceased had taken the responsibility of some of the children, while others are being cared for by the neighbours.Several people of the mohalla limp and find it difficult to walk around. Almost 50 people had been injured in the accident. \"The mohalla residents were so careless before the tragedy that they would sleep in the same room where they would store explosives used in making fire crackers. Children had been brought up playing with crackers, so there was no sense of fear for gun powder or explosives,\" said another resident, Devkinandan.The relatives of those killed in the blast still shudder while recalling the horrifying incident. \"We cannot hold others responsible for the tragedy. It was the people involved in illegal manufacturing of crackers who should be blamed. The tragedy is a lesson for all those who make money through such methods,\" said Devkinandan.IG, Bharatpur range, Anand Srivastava told TOI that except for a couple of licensed manufactures, there are neither legal nor illegal fire cracker units in Bharatpur and Dholpur districts. \"Beside a fear psychosis, the administration and police have also stepped up vigil,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17107539", "title": "Gang raids Baguiati home, office", "text": "KOLKATA: Burglars looted cash and jewellery from an office and a residential flat located in the same building at Baguiati's Raghunathpur on Sunday night.House-owner Kamal Das is a garments trader based in Delhi. His wife Purnima Das and daughter Priyanka had gone to Hazarduari in Murshidabad when the burglars broke in.The gang first broke open the collapsible gate on the ground floor where a toothpaste company has an office. They looted Rs 15,000 from an almirah in the office. Then they took the rear door to the first floor, broke open a grill gate and entered Das' flat. The burglars emptied the flat of Rs 32,000 in cash and gold jewellery worth Rs 80,000.Deepa Halder, who is Purnima's sister and neighbour, said: \"The toothpaste company employees first spotted the burglary when they opened the office around 10 am on Monday. I informed my sister immediately and she returned in the evening. She lodged a complaint with the police at once.\"Deepa believes the burglars broke into the house on Sunday night or in the early hours of Monday. She had run a check on the house on Sunday evening and everything was in perfect order then.The area has seen a spurt in crime in the past couple of months, claimed local residents. The setting up of the Bidhannagar police commissionerate has not been able to check criminal activities in the area, they complained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "khursapur", "code": "17107794", "title": "Farmers at Purti's doorstep don't grow cane", "text": "KHURSAPUR: Despite having a farm bordering the Purti Power and Sugar Ltd (PPSL) at Khursapar, and the Vadgaon dam close by, 60-year-old Shravan Hage prefers to grow cotton instead of sugarcane. Hage is not the only farmer who grows cotton, the traditional crop of this region, also linked to agrarian crisis, despite a sugar factory that can buy the produce being next door.In what shows the poor investment capacity of region's farmers, those tilling land in villages like Khursapar, Bela or Salar Rani in the periphery of Purti's sugar factory do not grow sugarcane, a more remunerative crop. PPLS itself sources sugarcane from mainly villages 20 to 25 kms away. This is for a peculiar reason.Sugarcane needs plenty of water. Though the dam is at hand, these villages are situated at a height from the canal and water has to be lifted through pumps. Most farmers cannot afford the cost of installing one. An electric pump is available for Rs 12,000 to 15,000 but laying a pipeline up to the fields is a costly affair for many. Laying a 1 km pipeline costs around Rs 80,000 which is beyond the reach of many, said a source in the irrigation department. A diesel pump on the other hand requires expenditure of almost Rs 500 a day on fuel itself.An electric pump is just a one-time investment but only the affluent farmers can buy it. Moreover, sugarcane has a higher gestation against cotton or soyabean which could be harvested in four to six months. Lack of enough cash at their disposal also prompts farmers to stick to cotton, said a source. There are several subsidy schemes on lift irrigation inputs but the locals are either not aware of them or just indifferent, said the source from state government.Apart from a handful of farmers, it is Purti that grows sugarcane on an area of over 50 acres, through which it supplies saplings to cultivators who sell their produce to the company. Purti draws water directly from the dam. It has a quota of 1.3 million meter cube (MMC) and so it can draw directly from the dam which has a total capacity of 133 MMC. Farmers have to use the canal instead.Purti's managing director Sudhir Dive accepted that farmers in villages close to the sugar factory did not grow sugarcane due to this problem. \"An acre of sugarcane yields income of Rs 70,000. It is always a better alternative to cotton. Only because a sugar factory would encourage sugarcane growing I gave a no-objection certificate to Purti during my tenure a sarpanch,\" says Gajanan Ghadge, farmer who raked up the controversy of Purti usurping his land.However, even as he continues to till his land which now remains under Purti's possession, Ghadge grows cotton and soyabean. \"I cannot afford drawing water using a diesel pump and was told that electric pumps are not allowed,\" he said. To this an official from the irrigation department clarified that there was no such bar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17109315", "title": "Differently-abled kids display handicraft items in Diwali fair", "text": "KANPUR: The pre-Diwali fairs are attracting a large number of buyers these days. A bazaar was organized by the authorities of Kalyani Sankalp Society in which handicraft items prepared by the special students of 'Sankalp Day Care Center' were put on display on Monday.The traditional earthen pottery, decorated by the special kids, was on sale. The paper-mache products in the form of envelopes and flowers also attracted buyers. The candles and other decorative items depicted the hard work of students.Manager of Sankalp Day Care Center said that that these differently abled kids have attempted some things like a normal person. The overwhelming response of the buyers was quite encouraging.The students of SN Sen Nursery Teacher Training Institute also got praise. The handicrafts prepared by students were sold like hot cakes. The interesting sections of the fair organized by students were the rangoli, hand-made bandanwars, candles, diyas and wall-hangings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17107465", "title": "Asansol growing faster than Kolkata, says UN report", "text": "KOLKATA: Asansol, not Kolkata, is Bengal's fastest growing urban sprawl, says the latest UN report on 'State of World Cities 2012/13'.The report, pegged on urban agglomerations where 7, 50, 00 or more people stayed in 2009, shows that urban agglomeration in Asansol by 2020-25 will have a population growth rate of 2.06% compared to Kolkata's 1.73%.But don't get swayed by it just yet for Bengal's second-largest city will take some time to catch up with Kolkata, if ever. The latest UN publication predicts that by 2025, Kolkata's urban population will be around 20.1 million compared to Asansol's 1.9 million. While there are many other urban agglomerations in India which are growing at a more rapid pace, Asansol's growth trajectory replicates that of Varanasi and Meerut.The report predicts Kolkata's urban population maybe eighth highest in the country in 2025, but far lesser than Delhi and Mumbai. While Delhi's urban agglomeration will shoot up to 28.6 million, Mumbai will have a 25.8 million population.Moloy Ghatak, Asansol (North) MLA and state law minister, feels the service delivery channels can be stepped up to meet the demands of Asansol's ever increasing population. Under the JNNURM scheme, the city has already been sanctioned Rs 1600 crore by the Centre to upgrade water supply, including sanitation, sewage, solid waste management,roads, urban transport and develop inner (old) city areas.The funds will also be used to shift commercial establishments to conforming areas. Till now, only Rs 350 crore has been spent. Once all the projects are completed, it will help meet the demands of the population surge, feels Ghatak. The same UN report also bears out a disturbing fact for Asansol, its population growth rate has dropped significantly from 4.06% in 1990-1995.Asansol-Durgapur Development Authority (ADDA) is the nodal agency working towards this. ADDA chairman Tapas Banerjee, however, sounded a word of caution: \"After these projects what? There isn't any place in Asansol to grow afresh. A population boom will be telling on the civic infrastructure.\"The ADDA's intent is however missing. It chose to sit on the 'Vision 2025' document prepared by IIT-Kharagpur that had stressed on the need to develop infrastructure and build ring roads. However, the same UN report has also revealed a disturbing fact.This apart, the report has pointed out a disturbing fact. The population growth rate of Asansol has dropped significantly from 4.06% between 1990 and 1995.But one good aspect perhaps is the formation of the Asansol-Durgapur police commissionerate. Police commissioner Ajay Nand said, \"Initially questions were raised why a police commisionerate in Asansol-Durgapur that has a largely rural demography. This only vindicates that decision. Asansol will continue to grow for its industries and projects in the pipeline. We are equipped to deal with law and order issues.\"On the other hand, for Kolkata, the downward growth slide is perhaps a vindication of the Census 2011 findings that Kolkata isn't growing at all. In 1991-2001 decade Kolkata's population had grown by 3.93%, whereas it reduced by minus -1.88% in 2001-2011. Kolkata's negative growth rate, the census indicated, was perhaps the only aberration for Bengal which grew at a pace of 13.93 % in that decade.A latest UN report on State of World Cities 2012/13 shows that urban agglomeration in Asansol by 2020-25 will have a population growth rate of 2.06% compared to Kolkata's 1.73%. The UN report is pegged on urban agglomerations where 7, 50, 00 or more people stayed in 2009.But don't get swayed by the report just yet for Bengal's second-largest city will take quite sometime to catch up with Kolkata, if ever. The latest UN publication predicts that by 2025, Kolkata's urban population will be around 20.1 million compared to Asansol's 1.9 million. While there are many other urban agglomerations in India which are growing at a more rapid pace, Asansol's growth trajectory replicates that of Varanasi and Meerut.The report predicts Kolkata's urban population maybe 8th highest in the country in 2025 but far lesser that Delhi and Mumbai. By 2025, the report predicts Delhi's urban agglomeration will be 28.6 million; Mumbai, meantime, would have a 25.8 million population.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17108673", "title": "60-year-old dies of H1N1", "text": "PUNE: A 60-year-old woman died of swine flu on Monday, taking the toll in the city to 30 since April this year. Meanwhile, no fresh cases were reported on Monday. The woman, a resident of Dhankawadi, developed symptoms such as cough and sore throat around October 21. On October 25, she complained of breathlessness and fever. Despite such prominent symptoms, she did not seek treatment for the first five days. It was only after her condition worsened on October 25 that she consulted a doctor at a private hospital.She was detected with bilateral pneumonia. Besides she was a diabetic. tnnThe doctor referred her to Bharati Hospital where she was admitted on October 27. Her condition deteriorated following which she was put on ventilator support on November 2. She died at 3.45 pm on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17107838", "title": "Drug control admin hikes certification fees", "text": "HYDERABAD: After about a decade, the Drug Control Administration (DCA) has revised user charges for issuing various certificates to pharmaceutical companies with the hike ranging between three to five times of the old fees. If the 'capacity certificate' until about a few days back was being dished out for Rs 300, pharma firms would now have to shell out Rs 1,000 for one. A 'Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP) certificate' would now cost Rs 1,500 as against the earlier Rs 300.The state government last week issued GO 287 revising the charges. Officials in DCA said that the department had recommended the revision as no such exercise had been undertaken in a decade. \"Cost of services have shot up drastically in the last decade. We had sent a proposal to the government about a month back asking for fee enhancement,\" said RP Thakur, director general, DCA. Official sources said that user charges in AP were now on a par with those in Maharashtra. Officials said that this was not a revenue generation plan given how many of these certificates required time and expenditure for conducting physical verification.As per the GO, the 'performance certificate' fee has been enhanced from Rs 300 to Rs 1,000. 'Non-conviction certificate' will now cost Rs 1,000 as against the earlier Rs 300. For change of name, additions, deletions, etc. the companies will have to shell out Rs 500 more.Although the present hike will hardly affect the big players, manufacturers in the small-scale sector are unhappy with the move. \"If we want GMP certificate for each product, we need to now shell out Rs 1,500 instead of Rs 1,000. If we apply for 10 or more products, it will invariably be a burden. Instead of increasing service charges, DCA should have hiked the penalties. We are planning to give a representation to DCA regarding the service charge hike,\" said a member of the Organisation of Pharmaceutical Producers of India (AP chapter).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "bhagalpur", "code": "17108862", "title": "Bhagalpur people demand resumption of air services soon", "text": "BHAGALPUR: Upset by the inordinate delay in resumption of commercial air services from Bhagalpur, the denizens vented their ire at a meeting held under the aegis of Eastern Bihar Industries Association (EBIA).At present, the Bhagalpur airfield caters intermittently to high flying politicians and bureaucrat only, lamented the denizens and sarcastically said that 'sirf neta hi nahi janta bhi udey jahaz mey (not only the politicians, but common people should also avail air-services)'.Demanding introduction of commercial air-services from Bhagalpur air field, they said that it has necessary premises and basic infrastructure for starting commercial air-services.President of EBIA Mukutdhari Agarwal said commercial air-services are available till nearly 30 years back from Bhagalpur airport. Due to economic constraints private air-services became non-viable hence were withdrawn, he said adding if the Central government agencies responsible for developing airports consider the genuine need of the area then small private aircrafts can take off soon from the Bhagalpur air field as the state government was inclined to extend a helping hand.The air field was built in the year 1983 and commercial air-services to the people were provided by the private operators through a couple of small aircraft. However, due to non-viability because of low volume of passengers, the air-service was withdrawn in the 80s and since then several attempts were made by the politicians of the area and others for restarting it, but in vain.Airport Authority of India (AAI) teams also visited Bhagalpur Airfield several times in August 2007 and informally acknowledged that commercial air-services through small aircraft only from Bhagalpur airport is feasible in view of undersized runway (airstrip) dimension (3300 x 150 feet) and recommended for its increase.According to informed sources, the Bhagalpur airfield was aimed to develop as a regional airport between Kolkata-Patna-Delhi via Bhagalpur. Later on, due to protest from owners of buildings located near the airfield, the AAI put the issue in ice-box. BJP MP Shahnawaz Hussain has raised the issue of starting commercial air-services from various platforms besides taking up the issue with the ministry of civil aviation, Government of India, but to no avail so far.The EBIA held a meeting on Sunday evening and decided to agitate for drawing the attention of AAI and civil aviation ministry besides the state government once again towards this issue. A steering committee was also formed at the meeting to create public opinion over the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17107917", "title": "Delhi out of 2014 heritage city race", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi's hope for getting a world heritage city tag by 2014 has been delayed by another year. The Archaeological Survey of India said the final nomination dossier for Delhi's world heritage tag cannot be submitted to Unesco before January-February, 2014 as the tentative nomination dossier, which was put up on the Unesco website in May this year, has to remain on the website for at least a year before the final dossier is submitted.\"When the final dossier is submitted by a state party, Unesco takes about a year before making the final announcement around May-June. We were hoping that Delhi's final dossier would be submitted by January-February, 2013...But now Delhi's earliest chances of getting a world heritage city tag has been stretched till 2015,\" said a senior official from Intach Delhi Chapter, which is preparing the final dossier.Though the one-year delay is disappointing, Intach convener A G K Menon said they were taking full advantage of the extra time. \"Now that we have one more year to perfect our nomination dossier, we are working hard to improve our documents. In addition, the tourism ministry has granted a substantial sum to the Delhi government for tourism and a large part of the grant will go towards showcasing Delhi's potential as a rich, historical city,\" he said. The grant given by the ministry is approximately Rs 250 crores. The final nomination dossier will also have to be cleared by the recently established world heritage advisory committee before it is submitted to Unesco.The final nomination dossier is likely to be re-named \"capital cities of Delhi\", from the earlier \"imperial cities of Delhi\", and will feature Lutyens Bungalow Zone and Shahjahanabad. With Delhi out of next years' race to be one of the two sites nominated by the country for inscription under natural, cultural or mixed categories, it paves the way for cities like Ahmedabad or Mumbai who are also pitching for the tag.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17108927", "title": "US storm: Shimla students to be back on Nov 8", "text": "SHIMLA: Much to the relief of their anxious families and the school administration, students of Auckland House School(AHS) in Shimla, who were held back in New Jersey as hurricane Sandy struck parts of United States, will be flying back on Monday night.Speaking to TOI, school principal Sunita John confirmed that students would arrive in Shimla on November 8. She said, \"We have been concerned but our students have been safe during the trip as they had been giving detailed instructions regarding their safety and the school authorities as well as parents had been constantly in touch with the teacher accompanying them.\" Concerned about the safety of the 10 students as well as their teacher, students had been organizing prayer sessions for their safe return.The students, accompanied by a teacher, along with state head of the company which had organized the trip, had been to National Aeronautics and Space Administration ( NASA ) campus on a science programme and they got stuck in New Jersey. The students had left on October 20 and were supposed to return on October 28, however, their flight was cancelled due to the hurricane and new bookings are slated for November 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17109172", "title": "Bongaigaon Refinery wins green award", "text": "GUWAHATI: In recognition of its efforts in environment management, Bongaigaon Refinery was awarded the prestigious 13th Annual Greentech Environment Excellence Award, 2012 under the 'gold category' in the petroleum refinery sector by Greentech Foundation. The refinery's general manager (NSE), S B Kakoti, along with by A K Agarwal, SM (HSE), received the award from A K Hazarika, director onshore (retd), ONGC , at a function in Hyderabad on October 29 last.Bongaigaon Refinery has won the Greentech Environment Excellence Award almost every consecutive year since 2003 for excellence in the field of environment management. This is an indication of the strong commitment and emphasis Bongaigaon Refinery lays on protection and development of the environment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17108804", "title": "Bibliography on archaeology on the anvil", "text": "PUNE: The Deccan College Postgraduate and Research Institute will collaborate with the Archaeological Society of India (ASI) to create a bibliography listing contributions of all archaeologists, Indian and international, on Indian archaeology.The project is expected to help scholars, researchers, amateur archaeologists and people interested in the field.V P Bhatta, director of the college, said, \"I'm into linguistics, but I'm interested in learning about Indian archaeology. I'm sure many, even laypersons, would want to know about the exciting field. Hence, we thought of this initiative.\"Bhatta said that the Deccan College will approach ASI to compile the bibliography. He said, \"Many scholars have made significant contributions to archaeology from Deccan College alone. Hence it would be appropriate that we take the initiative to compile this list.\"Information about sites, excavations, monuments and caves that could be easily understood by non-archaeologists, students and scholars would be part of the bibliography, Bhatta said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17108727", "title": "Protests in Panaji prohibited during Iffi", "text": "PANAJI: The North Goa district magistrate has issued an order on Monday prohibiting all protests, rallies, morchas, processions and any kind of assembly of people within the jurisdiction of Panaji police and within 500m of the assembly complex at Porvorim during the International Film Festival of India (Iffi) 2012.The orders have been issued in view of the present mining ban which has led those depending directly and indirectly on the sector to threaten the state government with disruption of Iffi 2012 by holding protests in the capital city during the festival. Iffi 2012 is scheduled to be held from November 20 to 30 in Panaji.\"This step has been taken keeping in view that various interested groups are likely to resort to agitation for redressal of their grievances and this may create uncontrollable situations including paralysis of traffic in the city leading to likely breach in the maintenance of public order, peace and tranquility,\" the district magistrate's order states.The order is with effect from 12 noon on November 17 to 12 midnight of November 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17109749", "title": "Crime Branch to probe Puri doctor's death", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Bowing to mounting pressure from various quarters, the state government on Monday ordered a Crime Branch probe into the mysterious death of Puri-based doctor Madhabilata Pradhan, who was found dead on a railway track at Malatipatpur on October 12.The doctor's death at a place not very far from Pipili, which had hogged headlines recently owing to the alleged rape and subsequent death of a teenage girl, has generated fresh controversy after her family and Mahila Congress alleged that Brahmagiri BJD MLA Sanjay Dasburma had mentally tortured her and pressurized her to take a transfer, pushing her into a deep depression.Railway police said Pradhan (34), an ayurvedic doctor posted at a community health centre (CHC) at Kanas in Puri district, committed suicide. She was declared dead on October 27 after remaining incommunicado since October 12.\"A special team has been constituted, which will proceed towards Puri on Tuesday to begin an inquiry,\" said ADG (Crime Branch) B K Sharma. \"We will closely monitor the probe to unravel the circumstances leading to her death,\" he said.The Crime Branch order, which came from the home department, coincided with dissident BJD leader and Odisha Jan Morcha chief Pyarimohan Mohapatra and the deceased doctor's brother Nilakantha Pradhan demanding a CBI probe into the death. \"Only a CBI probe can blow the lid off the mystery as she might have been murdered. All those suspected to be responsible for her death should be brought under the purview of investigation,\" Mohapatra told media persons.He said the OJM had sent a four-member fact finding committee on Saturday to Puri and the deceased's residence at Brahmagiri, nearly 30 km from Puri, to conduct its own inquiry. \"We will submit the report in court,\" Mohapatra said. The committee members include a retired judge, doctor, lawyer and a social activist.The day also saw widespread protests in Bhubaneswar, Puri and Rourkela where Students' Congress, civil society organizations, ayurvedic medicos' association took out rallies demanding a CBI probe into the doctor's death. While Student Congress demanded action against Dasburma, Puri-based social outfit Sachetan Nagarik Manch burnt the effigy of chairperson of State Commission for Women (SCW) Jyoti Panigrahy for allegedly attempting to shield Dasburma.SCW chairperson Panigrahy said she is conducting a free and fair probe. \"I am not trying to protect or falsely implicating anyone in the case. I am just gathering evidence in a transparent manner,\" she said.Dasburma admitted he had written to Puri chief district medical officer (CDMO) to shunt her from Brahmagiri (her earlier posting) to Kanas, but denied allegation of mental torture. \"Since she had served for nearly three years in Brahmagiri, I recommended the Puri CDMO to transfer her to Kanas, only 16 km from Brahmagiri,\" Dasburma told TOI. \"I eventually wrote another letter to the CDMO asking him to cancel her transfer. I had earlier recommended her transfer following demands of locals,\" he said. But Dasburma refused to reveal as to why locals made such a demand.He scotched the allegation of mentally torturing the doctor. \"I never tried to harass the doctor. I did not have any personal grudge. The allegation is baseless,\" said Dasburma. \"I welcome the Crime Branch probe. But I had earlier demand CBI probe into it.\"Meanwhile, the Odisha Human Rights Commission (OHRC), which was investigating into her death, found flaw with the railway police over the delay in confirmation of Pradhan's death, almost after two weeks. \"Prima facie, the government railway police took the matter very lightly and casually. They should have clicked the body's photographs and circulated in the media,\" said an OHRC order issued on Monday.Police said Madhabilata Pradhan, an ayurvedic doctor posted at Kanas in Puri district, committed suicide. She was declared dead on October 27 after remaining incommunicado since October 12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17107658", "title": "Smog lifts partially as sun comes out", "text": "NEW DELHI: There was a slight improvement in visibility on Monday as the smog lifted slightly in the afternoon. Met officials say that any significant change in weather is only expected after Wednesday.\"There was still no wind but because of a little sunlight in the afternoon and the associated weather phenomenon, there was a slight improvement in pollution levels. Visibility at IGI Airport improved to around 1,500m in the afternoon for a couple of hours. In the past week it has averaged around 500m and hasn't crossed 800m for several hours at a stretch,\" said RK Jenamani, director in-charge, IGI Met.However, the smog returned around 5pm after which visibility again dipped to below 1,000m. At 7pm, it was down to 900m and was expected to plummet further.\"There has been a lot of rain over Andhra Pradesh on Monday and the impact of the weakening cyclone Nilam still persists because of which Delhi has been witnessing extremely calm conditions. Monday also did not see any significant wind. However, cold north/northwesterly winds are expected to start in the next day or so and by Wednesday we should see the smog lift,\" said Jenamani.From midnight till about 8.30am, the airport saw visibility hover between 250m and 300m. Runway visual range at the new runway fell to 600m in the morning though no flights were affected. Monday saw Delhi's maximum temperature rise to 28.9 degrees Celsius while the minimum stood at 15.2 degrees Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17107536", "title": "Bangur shows way out of hawker mess", "text": "KOLKATA: It is a small step that can go a long way if residents of other localities in the city follow what residents of Bangur Avenue have done. After successfully cracking down on the use of banned plastic carry bags, they have now made the pavements of the locality hawker-free.Just when the government and enforcement agencies are grappling with the hawker menace in the city, this small locality on the northern fringes of the city has shown the authorities how to go about the problem. The South Dum Dum municipality now boasts of a dedicated lane for hawkers. While no hawkers are allowed to sit on the pavement, no vehicles are allowed in the hawking zone either.\"Though reluctant at first, I could not defy dictates of the Bangur Residents' Association. They told each hawker well in advance before beautification of the pavement that we had to shift to the lane nearby. Now I am running my business from this lane for the past few months and I have no complaints as this has not affected my daily sale,\" said Trilokchand Prasad, a fruit vendor who used to do his business on the footpath in front of the Bangur supermarket.The ban of plastic carry bags below 40 micron in the city may be only on papers as the enforcement agencies have preferred to keep their eyes shut on the stark violation of the ban. But in Bangur Avenue, no trader - be it a fish/meat vendor, a fruit seller or a vegetable vendor - no one uses plastic carry bags to pack their items. Instead, they use paper packets. After plastic bags clogged drains, causing severe inundation, the Bangur Residents' Association took up the onus on themselves and imposed a blanket ban on the use of plastics in the area. Not for once did they knock on government doors to bail them out of the situation , which they felt they had brought on themselves by using plastics in gross violation of all norms.\"The initiative taken up by the local municipality and the Bangur Residents' Association is laudable. Next, we want them to do something about parking on the main road. With the number of vehicles increasing by the day, parking will soon become a major issue in the locality,\" said Block B resident Sukanta Bhowmik.Beautification of the pavements in the locality was completed a few months ago. With pavement tiles, decorative pillars, statuettes and signages on different lanes, the whole area had been revamped by the South Dum Dum municipality. Local councillor Mriganka Bhattacharya, who is also the chairman-in-council (PWD) of South Dum Dum municipality, has taken a special role in beautifying and cleaning up the locality.\"We have convinced the traders that they would not be allowed to squat on the pavement and gave them a dedicated lane to continue their business. Once they understood that we did not want them to die of hunger, they readily agreed. If people are shown the right path, why would they object to certain restrictions? \" Bhattacharya wondered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17109389", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcSegregated garbage collection can tidy Chennai city\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "CHENNAI: Corporation of Chennai should separately collect solid waste to avoid mixing of different kinds of garbage, said experts a meeting to promote zero-waste management and source segregation in the city on Monday.Vellore Srinivasan, project director of Indian Green Service, has suggested that Chennai should the follow zero-waste management project implemented in Vellore. \"The civic body should separately collect waste materials from hotels, saloons, vegetable markets, fruit shops, chicken shops and other commercial establishments,\" he said. Now, the civic body collects all types of waste materials without segregation and dump them together, resulting in vegetable peels from restaurants, hair from saloons and plastic from commercial units getting mixed.According to his plan, corporation should conduct a survey on the number of hotels, saloons and other establishments using GPS. \"If the civic body is able to collect segregated waste, the organic part could be used for biogas,\" said Srinivasan. Corporation commissioner D Karthikeyan said that the civic body will consider this proposal. \"If it's feasible, we will operate a special purpose conservancy vehicle to collect garbage materials from hotels and other institutions,\" he said.Members of hotels' association has also welcomed the idea. Chennai Hotels Association president A Ramadas Rao said there are nearly 3,000 hotels across the city. \"The civic body should also bring the street food vendors under this, since they casually dump kitchen waste in the open,\" he said.Srinivasan told the civic body to operate the conservancy round the clock. \"Biodegradable substances become waste after 24 hours. So the civic body should collect garbage from households at regular intervals. If there is proper awareness, the public would segregate waste into biodegradable and non-biodegradable,\" he said.Experts also slammed the civic body for setting up blue group bins across the city. \"It's unfortunate that the civic body is following wrong strategies in garbage collection and disposals. Group garbage bins are stinking across the city. We should adopt segregation of garbage with the participation of residents,\" said M G Devasahayam, managing trustee of NGO Sustain.Experts also urged the civic body to replicate a systematic waste collection system, recycling of inorganic waste and scientific disposal of non-recyclable waste across the city. The corporation is spending nearly 40 crore every year on waste management.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17108419", "title": "Library hour from today for schoolkids", "text": "MYSORE: All schools in the district will have a library hour from from Wednesday.To create interest among children in reading general books, the education department will make them visit library and read books of their interest for an hour. The library hour will be effective in government primary and high schools, social welfare, aided and unaided schools. They will have 'Shaala Shraddha Vachanalaya' (school library).Headmasters of all schools have been asked to identify donors to contribute for books and bookshelves. Story books, dictionaries, novels, poetry collections, biographies and autobiographies will be collected from SDMC members, school alumni and the public.On Wednesday, the initiative will be formally launched with the programme 'Tegeyiri Pustaka Horage - Hachiri Jnanada Deevige' in all schools. \"For half-an-hour from 11am, students of all schools will read books in school library. Prior to that, a guest speaker will speak about the importance of reading,\" said DDPI B K Basavaraj. On the first day, two students from each school will write a letter to the educational minister about their opinion.There are 3,165 schools in Mysore district and 4,43,000 students in primary and high schools. \"When teachers are on leave, students can utilize the library. They can even borrow books from library,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17109657", "title": "Bribe-accused Desh Raj moves bail application", "text": "CHANDIGARH: On a nervy and roller-coaster ride down the back-nine at the Rs 95 lakh DLF Masters in Gurgaon on Sunday, young gun Ajeetesh Sandhu had august company in the galleries. DLF magnate K P Singh eventually walked him from the course to the victory podium, and handed him the glittering trophy and a cheque of Rs 15.4 lakh that came after a trio of birdies on the 17th, 18th and the play-off hole to best old warhorse, Jyoti Randhawa.Sandhu, 24, finally delivered on his obvious talent to throw off his back the pro tour's feared monkey and bag a maiden title. As he stood at the podium blinded by camera flashes, he could not hold back a flood of memories: of the days when as a 11-year-old, he matured very fast attending summer coaching camps at the Chandigarh Golf Club (CGC) and splashing in the pool afterwards with bullying boys much his senior.Hailing from the precocious generation of Indian stars, Gaganjeet Bhullar and Anirban Lahiri, this alumni of St John's High School was regarded as an exceptional junior talent, winning everything on offer but did not make it really big on the professional circuit till Sunday.Till then, 11 top-10s on the PGTI along with a third-place finish and a tied-18th on the Asian Tour ranking as his best, Sandhu had the tongues wagging of being somewhat of a laggard. \"I really did not take it negatively. I just told myself that Bhullar and Lahiri got some lucky breaks early on and they made it. I kept on plugging along waiting for my time to come,\" Sandhu told TOI.There are few tournaments where the dapper Sandhu Sr. cannot be seen doggedly tailing his ward on course with an umbrella in hand. \"My dad has been my mentor. I speak to him regardless of how I play: good, bad or ugly. My mom has been my dietitian and counsellor,\" said Ajeetesh.What readily stands out from his ball-striking at the DLF was the 4-iron he creamed from a downhill lie in the play-off hole to just over the flag 205 yards away, tucked tightly to the green's narrow right strip and guarded by rippling waters. No doubt a head-wind helped him hold up that ball in the air to land the 4-iron softly but the fact is that Ajeetesh has been hitting it solid for months now. Two key changes helped Ajeetesh triumph on Sunday. At the beginning of this season, he left his long-standing caddie, Babloo, of the CGC, and coupled with Jaivir from Delhi. Like the legendary Mukesh Kumar, who has won more than a 110 pro titles, Jaivir has been on the bag for more than a 100 victories with different players. His last master before Ajeetesh was the mercurial pro, Ashok Kumar.\"Jaivir has a very calming and positive influence on me. He helped me believe in myself and fire that hatrick of birdies in the last phase. But at the same time, I took a key decision not to consult the caddie on putting lines as I often ended up with a double-mind before commencing the stroke. At the DLF, I read the lines myself and stuck to them. That made a difference of two strokes a round to my putting average, which went down from 30 to 28 a round at the DLF,\" he said.Sandhu says he has learnt much from his early days at CGC as its layout demands solid ball-striking skills, shaped shots and greens that do not easily concede strokes. Off to play a string of tournaments on the PGTI and the Asian Tour (AT), Sandhu aims to bag his full AT playing rights card for 2013.Sandhu's win comes close on the heels of Harendra Gupta's triumph at the Rs 1 crore Crompton Greaves Open and Sujjan Singh's victory on the Asian Development Tour this season. City's Abhijit Chadha bagged a tied 8th finish at the DLF Masters.A two-year stint at the David Ledbetter Academy on a full scholarship in the US in his junior days made Sandhu tough and mature, as it gave him a pre-nascent whiff of the lonely, arduous life of a travelling pro. Though his father personally thinks Ajeetesh got a bit \"distracted\" in the US and it took awhile to get the kid back on track. After that overseas dip in deep waters, Sandhu has been more of a self-correcting golfer. In 2008, he turned pro raising expectations with some fine top-10 finishes in the opening years. His parents, retired chief engineer, PWD (B&R;), Punjab, S M S Sandhu and Kiran, have been a strong support team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17107848", "title": "HC refers Tiwari plea to another bench", "text": "The Delhi high court on Monday referred to another bench the plea of Rohit Shekhar for launch of contempt proceedings against N D Tiwari for not depositing a fine of Rs 25,000 and the expenses incurred by him on the leader's DNA test. Shekhar claims he is the biological son of Tiwari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17108821", "title": "Sudha launched in NCR market", "text": "PATNA: In a strategic move that will make Bihar's brand, Sudha, a key player in the dairy market in the National Capital Region (NCR), the Bihar State Cooperative Milk Producers' Federation Limited (COMFED) on Monday announced the launch of Sudha milk and its products for the NCR market. This could be a step forward in CM Nitish Kumar's dream of ensuring at least one delicacy of Bihar in every meal of an Indian, everyday.At a staggering 50 lakh litre per day (LLPD), NCR is the biggest packaged milk market in the country, which is expected to grow up to one crore litre per day by 2020.Sudha announced that it would offer three variants of its quality milk - Sudha Gold (full cream, 6% fat), Sudha Healthee (toned, 3% fat) and Sudha Smart (double toned, 1.5% fat). All these variants of milk will be available in pack sizes of both 1 litre and 500 ml, an official said, adding in addition to this, Sudha will also make available its delicious range of milk products, including Sudha Gulab jamun, Sonpapdi peda, Balusahi and pure ghee, said an official.Animal husbandry and fisheries resources principal secretary Shashi Shekhar Sharma, said, \"Sudha is the most trusted brand of milk in Bihar and Jharkhand. It is collecting about 13 lakh litre of milk per day from a strong network of 6.95 lakh milk producers and selling pouched milk and its products in Bihar, Jharkhand, West Bengal and UP. It is also providing milk in bulk to other states like Assam , Odisha, West Bengal, Delhi and even Nepal. Milk brands including Amul, Mother Dairy and DMS are even buying milk from Sudha.\" Sharma said.COMFED MD Harjot Kaur said, \"Sudha has created a large number of customers who have deep linkages with the NCR. We are happy that they no longer have to wait for occasions like Chhath and Diwali to be at their homes to savour Sudha products,\" She said.The occasion was graced by the ex-COMFED MDs D S Gangwar, Arunish Chawla and Vipin Kumar and GM A K Kulkarni was also present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "17107364", "title": "Who after Hu Jintao? Xi Jinping set to take reins in China", "text": "BEIJING: China is all set for leadership change with the ruling Communist Party's 18th National Congress meeting on Thursday.Only two members of the powerful Standing Committee of the Chinese Communist Party's politburo, Xi Jinping and Li Keqiang, will continue in their positions after the 18th National Congress. Xi is tipped to be the next president while Li is expected to take over as premier.Starting November 8, the Congress will initially elect the Central Committee, which currently has 365 seats. The Central Committee has played an important role in Communist history, including ushering in economic reforms at its third plenary session in 1978. The meeting is scheduled to last six days.By all accounts, selection of candidates for most of the important positions including the members of the all-powerful nine-man cabal, the Politburo Standing Committee, has already been made. Given the emphasis on anti-corruption drive, there are signs that the next set of members in the party's disciplinary panel, an internal police force, has also been done.The gathering is being closely watched by millions of politically-interested citizens who are posting comments over the internet and the Chinese version of Twitter, Weibo. The Communist Party is expected to make a big show of internal democracy during the sessions although no one expects free and fair elections to the different positions.The Hu Jintao era saw the emergence of two ideological trends in the Communist Party of China: the concept of harmonious society (hexie shehui) and scientific development (kexue fazhan). These ideas have partly influenced the recent appointments. Observers will be scrutinizing names to see whether new appointments are of people wedded to Hu's ideas or merely reflected the internal power struggle of the party.Hu's slogan of harmonious society, which is rooted on Confucian tradition, is a subtle attempt to counter the idea of class struggle that drove the Cultural Revolution during Mao Zedong's days.The second idea combines the Marxist belief in scientific materialism with present day realities. Taken together, they betray the challenges of running a virtually capitalistic government while paying lip service to Marxism and socialism. The Congress is a body of 2,270 members selected through a controlled and convoluted process over the past several months. Though it is called \"election\", there is no competition among candidates for the seats. For the first time, the party has allowed dual candidates and encouraged competition in some of the seats.The party recently claimed that 72% of the members in the new Congress joined the Communist Party after 1976, suggesting that it was making a clean break from the dark days of the Cultural Revolution that saw millions tortured and killed by party's Red Guards. For the first time, journalists have been told that they would be allowed access to the opening ceremony of the party Congress on November 8 and at the closing ceremony. But the date of the closing ceremony has not been disclosed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17109778", "title": "After minor changes, final detailed project report ready", "text": "LUDHIANA: The final detailed project report (DPR) of the Ludhiana Metro rail project would be tabled before Centre for its approval on November 9. Of the changes incorporated, another station has been added to the project.Talking about the revised document, Ludhiana municipal commissioner Rakesh Verma said: \"All the changes that were suggested following a survey conducted for the Ludhiana metro rail project have been added and the final DPR is ready. We will send it to Centre on November 9.\"Talking about these \"changes\", Verma said, \"These were minor as compared to the earlier project report as one more station has been added to the project. Following the directions of government, the land to be acquired has also been reduced. The government land available has been preferred over private area for the project. The project design has also been changed at certain places for facilitating smooth planning and putting an end to technical problems in the construction of two corridors.\"He further said the report for financial viability of the project is being prepared by Punjab Industrial Development Board and it would also be attached with the final DPR.Work for registration of Ludhiana Metro Rail Corporation is also in the final stages as the Articles of Association and board of directors have been finalized. Additional commissioner, technical, H S Khosa was at Chandigarh for the same, officials said.Sources in the local bodies department said chief minister Parkash Singh Badal discussed the Metro project in a recent meeting with Union minister of urban development Kamal Nath. The meeting was also marked by the presence of Planning Commission deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia. Sources said officials sought the final DPR and the financial viability report of the project so that work could begin.Meanwhile, residents who are fed up with the traffic jams are eagerly awaiting the city's own Metro.\"Many people had cast their doubt about the Delhi Metro project when it was still being built. Now, it's such a success. Once the Ludhiana Metro gets on track, the city will finally get better traffic days,\" said Akhil Mehta, a restaurateur and resident of Udham Singh Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17108615", "title": "6 line up to complain against Ponzi kingpin", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After arrest of multi-crore fraud accused Abhay Gandhi by city police, six persons who were allegedly defrauded by his schemes, have come forth to register complaints against him.Police however asked them to come back with proof of their 'investments'.City crime branch apprehended Gandhi, a resident of Vasna and proprietor of AISE Capital Management, from Ahmedabad airport on Saturday morning. Satellite police, who are investigating the scam, sought seven days' remand of Gandhi on Sunday.B N Chavda, inspector of Satellite police station, said that have received applications of complaint against Gandhi.\"We asked complainants to furnish more details including proof of their investment, the money they received and the names of agents. The complainants can also be made witnesses in the case,\" he said.Gandhi, wanted in four cases of cheating and breach of trust, is being questioned about the number of investors, amount he swindled and money he spent when on the run, between June 2011 and November 2012.Police suspect that Gandhi may have invested this money overseas to avoid repaying his 'investors'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17109800", "title": "Woman starved to death for dowry", "text": "SURAT: A 27-year-old married woman was allegedly starved to death by her in-laws at Areth village of Mandvi taluka in Surat district on Sunday.The victim, Pooja Shah, was found dead at her house after her brother Manoj Umarvaidh lodged a police compliant at Mandvi police station. In his complaint, Umarvaidh alleged that her sister's in-laws were not giving her food to eat due to which she frequently fell sick.\"My sister was unwell for last several months due to hunger and her deteriorating health led to death. They were torturing her for dowry,\" he told police.Police have arrested her husband Vinay Shah, his father Ghanshyam and mother Kumkum for allegedly torturing the woman.\"Manoj told us that Pooja used to often complaint to him that she was not being given food for days. She was forced to survive on leftovers of the other family members,\" said AG Jadav, police sub-inspector.It is also alleged that her in-laws tortured her mentally by asking her to commit suicide by hanging if she is not able to bring dowry.Pooja was hospitalized two years ago due to jaundice and was in a critical condition. Her in-laws claimed that she was taken for medical check-up two days before the illness, police said.Vinay owns a transport vehicle and himself drives it. His father runs a shop selling peanuts and chana.Police are investigating the case to find out the amount of dowry demanded.Umarvaidh lives in Nava Dindoli area of the city. Both the families belong to Jaunpur district of Uttar Pradesh and have settled in Surat since few years. Pooja and Vinay got married 2007 and have one son and a daughter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17108632", "title": "Hoteliers to pay for guests' illegal acts in wild ass abode", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The forest department after detaining 80 people who were illegally shooting a television advertisement has issued notices to the hotels in the vicinity that if their guests were found to be involved in any illegal activity or carrying out shooting without permission, they would also face legal action.The department has also asked the advertising agency to deposit Rs 1.5 lakh as penalty.On Sunday, the department had detained 80 people who were shooting an advertisement inside the wild ass sanctuary in Surendranagar area without the required permission. The team had set up a makeshift petrol pump and a tyre-repair shop inside the sanctuary. \"For setting up any set, one needs a written permission and has to pay certain fees for the shoot, but these people were shooting without the necessary permission,\" said a forest department official. The official said that the team had come to seek permission for shooting earlier this week, but it was turned down because of some technical reasons. On Sunday, deputy conservator of forest A M Chaudhary received the information about the shoot and he found labourers setting up the makeshift sets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17107084", "title": "Mumbai catching up with Delhi in crime department, statistics show", "text": "MUMBAI: The recent spate of murders, kidnappings and rapes in the city is often met with the refrain, \"we are becoming as unsafe as Delhi\". With such an inexplicably brutal start to the week, fears such as these aren't totally unjustified.If crime statistics are used as an indicator, Mumbai is not too far behind Delhi on the violence scale. The financial capital of India accounted for 6.9% of total crimes committed in India in 2011, not too far behind the national capital, which accounts for 9.9% of the crime graph. There were 47,212 crimes recorded in Delhi as compared to 32,647 in Mumbai. While crimes in Delhi rose by almost 3% per cent since 2010, crimes in Mumbai dropped by nearly 4%, revealed Crime in India 2011 statistics supplied by the National Crime Records Bureau.But this isn't a race to the record books, point out crime experts, given the fact that recording of crimes itself is open to burking, where cops avoid registering an FIR in order to keep crime records low.Former police commissioner Julio Ribeiro believes the police force should create a specific wing for crime investigations. \"These should be police officials who are not loaded with other duties and have no interference in their work,\" he said. Quick and speedy punishment of offenders is the only step that will help restore faith in law and order, believe experts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17109864", "title": "MPPCB makes move to check pollution this Diwali", "text": "INDORE: As a measure to check pollution during Diwali festival this year, Madhya Pradesh Pollution Control Board (MPCB) will conduct a survey at local markets to examine firecrackers for the level of pollution they may cause.The prescribed sound limit of firecrackers is 125 decibel. \"Usually the firecrackers available in the markets have sound below the set standard. Last year's survey states that the set standards for firecracker noise were not violated. This year, we will conduct a survey in market in next few days,\" said chief chemist at MPCB, Aparna Bapat.However, the surveys and assurances of MPCB don't seem to convince environmental activists. \"If we can celebrate eco-friendly Holi, then why not celebrate an eco-friendly Diwali? Why can't we just light diyas and celebrate the festival peacefully,\" wonders environment and animal activist Ajay Gadikar.Gadikar's organization is sending series of emails to spread awareness about ills caused by air and noise pollution due to firecrackers in tune with its philosophy of 'reduce, refuse and rethink.'Gadkari said it's not just the pollutants like sulphur dioxide, carbon dioxide, carbon monoxide, etc that the firecrackers release are responsible for ailments like asthma and bronchitis. \"Even animals are disturbed because of rise in noise and air pollution during Diwali. Birds are known to get uneasy. Their routine cycle gets disturbed due to the lighting on Diwali night and they start behaving as if it was day.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17108716", "title": "Handbook on dental sciences released", "text": "PUNE: A first-of-its-kind handbook on dentistry, specifically for medical students, was published during the 10th national dental update on 'Changing paradigms in clinical dentistry' that concluded at the Armed Forces Medical College (AFMC) here on Sunday.Dean of AFMC Maj Gen Manoj Luthria released the handbook, titled 'Dental sciences for medical students', as part of the events held during the dental update.The two-day conference was inaugurated by Lt Gen S Murali Mohan, director general, dental services, and the President's honorary dental surgeon, at the Bharadwaja auditorium of the college.The main focus of discussions during the dental update was on the various specialties of contemporary clinical dentistry. This included workshops and live surgical demonstrations on orthognathic surgery and dental implants. Nearly 150 delegates from all over the country participated in the conference.The AFMC's department of dental surgery was established in May 1955 to meet the mandatory requirement of the Medical Council and the Dental Council of India to run various medical, dental &amp; para-dental courses for training armed forces personnel.In 1974, post graduation in four specialities of dental sciences was started. This department also has the distinction of being the first in the country, to conduct dental hygienist, dental technician and dental operating room assistant courses recognized by the Dental Council of India.The department provides free dental and cranio-maxillofacial treatment to civilians and service personnel. The treatments range from management of craniofacial defects, including cleft lip and palate treatment, maxillofacial prosthesis, regenerative periodontal therapy and comprehensive orthodontic and dentofacial orthopedic treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17109537", "title": "Alpana presents captivating kathak dance", "text": "BHOPAL: A scintillating kathak performance by noted dancer Alpana Vajpeyi enthralled the classical dance lovers at the Indira Gandhi Rashtriya Manav Sangrahalaya (IGRMS) in the city on Monday evening.The dance performance was held on the inaugural day of the three-day national workshop on 'anthropology and museums' at the museum on Monday.Titled as 'Naman', her different emotions through expressive gestures entertained the audience at Veethi Sankul. The classical dancer was accompanied by Ashish Upadhaya on tabla, Jitendra Sharma on harmonium, Ambarish Gangrade on sitar and singer Arpana Upadhaya.Earlier in the morning, professor A B Ota, director, SC and ST research and training institute, Bhubaneswar inaugurated the workshop at Rock Art hall of the museum.In a welcome speech, professor K K Misra, director IGRMS while briefing on the significance of the workshop said Manav Sangrahalaya is the only anthropological or ethnographic museum in the country which deals with human odyssey and diverse Indian culture.In his inaugural speech, professor Ota said the Manav Sangrahalaya is like an institution for students which tried its best as interactive museum. Here the visitors can feel and appreciate the aesthetic sense of Indian culture and its beauty.The participants were acquainted with various open air exhibitions of the Sangrahalaya. About 45 participants from across the country are participating in the workshop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "moga", "code": "17108888", "title": "Punjab: 2 held for ex-MLA Malkit Singh Keetu's murder", "text": "MOGA: A week after former MLA Malkit Singh Keetu was gunned down by his nephews, Moga police on Monday arrested two of the five accused. The arrested included Gurpreet Singh, one of the nephews of the deceased.Police had been under fire for failing to make a headway despite knowing the identity of all the accused.ADGP (law and order) S K Sharma is probing the murder.The former Barnala MLA was killed on October 29 morning near the entrance gate of his house at his native Bilaspur village, which falls in Moga. Five persons, including three of Keetu's own nephews, were booked under murder charges for the killing.Confirming the arrests, Moga SSP Surjit Singh Grewal said, \"Police have succeeded in arresting former MLA's nephew Gurpreet Singh and Kulwant Singh alias Laddi. Both are from Bilaspur village.\"He said both have been arrested from the nearby town Badhni, where they had come to buy clothes. Police are making an earnest effort to arrest the other five and the arrested could shed light on their whereabouts, said SSP.Gurpreet is son of Keetu's brother Karam Singh. Gurpreet' brother Harpreet and first cousin Jaswinder Singh are also wanted by the police. Both Harpreet and Jaswinder had fallen out with Keetu and joined the Congress party ahead of the assembly elections against their uncle.Keetu had won the election from Barnala assembly constituency in 1997 and 2002. He had lost the next two elections in 2007 and 2012 to Kewal Singh Dhillon of Congress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17109583", "title": "Eco fragile land acquisition freeze could cost state 800 hectares", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The state could lose around 800 hectares of eco fragile land (EFL) along the Western Ghats with the government directing the forest department to freeze the process of acquiring EFL category land.Official documents reveal that the principal secretary had directed the forest department to freeze the notification to acquire land under the Eco Fragile Lands Act, 2003.The state acquired around 14,000 hectares of eco fragile land after the act was notified nine years ago, and there has been great pressure from estate owners in Wayanad and Nelliyampathy to stop the acquisition. The chief minister's office had, in the past one year, received many complaints against the process.The principal secretary had, following a meeting convened by the chief minister in November 11 last year, wrote to the custodian of vested forest that no fresh notification of EFL should be considered unless it is recommended by a district committee. \"The amendment of the EFL act is in the process and the decision in respect of EFL notification is frozen till the amendment of the act,'' said the correspondence, of which the TOI has a copy.A senior forest official in charge of the acquisition process said there were at least 30 EFL cases pending with the department that need to be acquired urgently. \"In Wayanad alone, around 120 acres were in the final process of being notified as EFL category land but this too has been frozen,\" he said.The new amendment to the EFL Act aims at vesting powers to the local administration, district collector and MLAs on claims by land owners to notify or denotify eco fragile areas.The forest ministry has woken up to this precarious situation now and written to the chief minister not to implement the controversial proposal that would dilute the eco-fragile land rules 2000 and the state may end up losing thousands of hectares of eco-fragile land bordering Western Ghats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17109266", "title": "In Perambur, butchers cut into pound of flesh under water", "text": "CHENNAI: The city corporation has been be seizing tonnes of rotten meats from various parts of the city, but its own authorised slaughterhouse in Perambur operates in an unhygienic condition.For the last few days, the butchers work in ankle deep water that is mixed with urine, faeces and blood of animals. These casually-clothed men don't use any protective gear too. Meat that is cut and stored in unhygienic places can cause serious heath problems, including gastric disorders. But butchers here feign ignorance and say they are helpless. \"There is nothing we can do about the poor condition. The slaughterhouse is flooded with every rain,\" said a butcher.The adjacent building \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a modernised abattoir \u00e2\u20ac\u201d that has a capacity to slaughter 250 small animals and 60 large animals per hour is kept under lock and key. The health department officials said no dates have been fixed for the inauguration of the building. \"Most butchers don't want to move into the modern building because they will have to pay some user fee. Also they fear since its mechanised, many will lose jobs,\" said a health department official.In 2009, the civic body awarded a contract to Hind Agro Industries Limited to covert the old slaughter houses into a modern abattoir at a cost of 48crore. While former mayor M Subramanian said that the corporation hasn't opened the building as it was built by the DMK, incumbent Saidai S Durasamy refused to speak about it. \"There are some issues with it. I don't want to talk about it now,\" Duraisamy told TOI.Meat sellers in the city say they are aware that the meat supplied by the slaughterhouse is unhealthy. Chennai Mutton Merchant (Retailers) Association general secretary M Anwar Basha said, \"The condition of slaughterhouse in Perambur is very poor. Meat coming from there can never be hygienic.\"Every day, at least 1,000 goats and 100 cattle are slaughtered in the Perambur slaughterhouse. On Sundays, 4,000 goats and 200 cattle are slaughtered. \"The butchers have to pay the civic body 3.50 per goat and 10 per bull as per the corporation norms. But butchers don't heed to rules,\" said a health official.In 2007-08, the accountant general's report said the city needed 43 modernised slaughterhouses but it has just three in Perambur, Saidapet and Villivakkam.Perambur residents also complain that the dirty water from the slaughterhouse is let into the residential areas. \"Slaughter houses should be located away from the populated areas but it is violated here. It does not even have proper drainage system,\" said Ravi Chand, who lives in the locality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17109412", "title": "Tamil Nadu prisons recorded most suicides in 2011", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu recorded the maximum number of suicides in prisons during 2011, the latest report of the National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB) shows.The figures say 13 suicides were recorded in the state's prisons last year. Uttar Pradesh was in second place with seven suicides, followed by Maharashtra (six), Haryana (five), Rajasthan (five), Gujarat (four), Karnataka (four) and West Bengal (four), NCRB records show. A total of 68 suicides were recorded in various jails across the country in 2011.Agni Subramanian of Manitham, an NGO that working with refugees and prisoners, said most jails in the state were congested. \"The majority of the jails are crowded. Seven to eight prisoners are cooped up in one cell without any proper ventilation.\"He also said jail manuals were not updated. \"Police never allow us to meet prisoners. The jail manuals are more than 100 years old and need to be updated. They should take steps to improve facilities for prisoners. There have been several instances of clashes among prisoners,\" said Subramanian.Additional director-general of police (prisons) J K Tripathy said they had decided to enlist the services of more counsellors for prisoners. \"We will also ensure that first-time offenders are not put along with regular offenders. We will also start counselling classes and try to create a better environment for prisoners to prevent suicides.\"Others said depression among prisoners was the main cause for the increasing number of suicides in the state's prisons. K N S Varadhan of Freedom Care, an NGO which works among prisoners who are alcoholics and drug addicts, said, \"it is because of this that many prisoners turn to using alcohol and drugs. Even some women inmates of prisons are said to be using sleeping pills to escape from depression.\"Varadhan said the shortage of skilled psychiatrists in prisons was another major reason for the growing number of suicides. \"Police officials should appoint more experts to talk to prisoners in an effort to instill confidence in them. Such efforts will help ease prisoners' tensions to a large extent.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17109932", "title": "I can bat at any position: Ajinkya Rahane", "text": "MUMBAI: Ajinkya Rahane is one of the more prolific scorers in domestic cricket . He made his debut for India in the limited overs format, in England and impressed everyone with his temperament. Now, he is being looked at as a serious candidate for Test cricket.Despite being in the squad for the Test series against Australia Down Under, he couldn't break into the playing XI. He was also ignored for the World T20 despite impressing in the IPL. In a candid chat to TOI, he talks about his game and issues that are close to his heart. Excerpts:You have been one of the most prolific scorers in domestic cricket. Do you think you deserve a shot in the Test team?My job is to play good cricket. Selection is not in my hand.How disappointed were you when you were not included in the World T20 squad?I don't have any control over team selection and I was pretty fine with it. Every sportsman loves to represent his country and so do I. Whenever I shall be given that opportunity I will be ready for it.Being a Mumbai batsman, you have a huge legacy to live up to. Does that put extra pressure on you?No. It encourages me to perform even better.You're now the vice-captain of Mumbai. Are you enjoying this new responsibility ?I am loving it. It's a proud feeling to be a vice-captain and for the first few matches, all the players will be there including Sachin, so I am really looking forward to it.Facing chin music has been one of the biggest problems for most young Indian batsmen . How comfortable are you handling the short ball?I practised a lot with the white rubber ball on cement. I think I can handle them well now.Which batting position are you most comfortable with - opening for the team or batting down the order?I can bat at any position.The most memorable moment of your career so far?It has to be when I got my first call to play for India. I was sitting at home watching a movie when I got a congratulatory call for being selected. It took five minutes to believe it.What adjustments do you have to make when you switch from the longer format to the shorter ones?You need to be flexible so that you can adapt to all forms of the game. I kept my game simple and was more attacking.Has playing for Rajasthan Royals helped you become a better cricketer?Yes. I have learnt so much and the experience is incredible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17108992", "title": "Parents move HC for CBI probe", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The parents of the minor girl from Faridkot moved a petition in the Punjab and Haryana high court on Monday, seeking a CBI probe into the abduction case of their daughter. The petition states that the parents do not expect a fair probe from Faridkot police, which is hand-in-glove with the accused in this case and has been sheltering them.The petitioners have informed the HC that a number of criminal cases are registered against the accomplices of main accused Nishan Singh and that the police were not investigating into all the aspects of the matter. They argued that immediately after the registration of the case, the police had attempted to hush up the case by projecting it as that of love affair between Nishan and their daughter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "karachi", "code": "17108595", "title": "Afridi returns to first class cricket to regain form", "text": "KARACHI: In a bid to get back into form for the upcoming tours to India and South Africa, Pakistan's flamboyant all-rounder, Shahid Afridi has decided to end a two-year break from first class cricket and appear in the country's premier first class tournament.A senior official of Habib Bank for whom Afridi plays in domestic cricket said they had been asked by the all-rounder to include him in the squad for the first class tournament.\"Initially we had not sent his name in the 20 member squad as he last played first class matches in 2010. But we have now asked the cricket board for special permission to allow us to replace left arm Abdul Rehman with Afridi in the squad,\" the official said.He said Rehman's name was sent in the squad and it was removed later on after the spinner was suspended from playing any cricket after failing a dope test in England.Afridi, who now focuses on just playing ODIs and T20 matches, last played a first class match when he captained Pakistan in the first Test against Australia at Lords in mid 2010.He announced his retirement from the longer version of the game after that Test and since then has only focussed on limited overs cricket.Afridi struggled with his form in the recent World T20 Cup scoring just 30 runs in six matches. In ODIs this year, he has scored 182 runs in 16 matches.His bowling has also not been upto the mark as he took four wickets in the World T20 and has taken 15 wickets at an average of 43 in ODIs this year.Former Test players have advised Afridi to play some first class cricket to regain his form and sources said that chief selector, Iqbal Qasim had told him this would be the only way to regain his confidence for the upcoming tours both of which were high profile for Pakistan cricket.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17109025", "title": "Kin of Thevar jayanthi victims seek jobs", "text": "MADURAI: Relatives of the victims, who were attacked with a petrol bomb while returning from Pasumpon on Thevar Jayanthi, submitted a petition to the district administration appealing it to provide government jobs to the kin of the deceased and to provide better medical care for the burn victims undergoing treatment at the Government Rajaji Hospital (GRH). Twenty youth from S Puliankulam village were injured in the attack and the critically injured were admitted to private hospitals. Among them, three of them succumbed to their injuries on Sunday and tension prevailed in the district when the bodies of the deceased were taken back.Under these circumstances, the relatives of the injured led by their panchayat vice-president, A Abdul Bari visited the district collectorate on Monday during the public grievance redressal day and submitted a petition to collector, Anshul Mishra claiming that the compensation of Rs 5 lakh provided was not sufficient and asked the government to double it. Among the villagers were the parents of the 10 youth who are undergoing treatment in GRH.In an effort to seek better medical care for the victims, the parents attempted to hand over the compensation cheques provided for the injured and asked the collector to transfer them to private hospitals. The villagers stated that the injured are not from a particular community as speculated, but from various communities living in the village who wanted to visit Pasumpon on Thevar Jayanthi.Receiving their petition, Mishra told them that returning the compensation cheques will not be a right gesture and the compensation for the injured was provided as a monetary benefit for the families. He also assured them that the injured admitted in GRH are provided best medical care and if the families are willing to shift them to private hospitals, the district administration is ready for such a step. Following this, the villagers accepted to take back the compensation cheques and suggested three of the youth, Karthik, Sathish and Senthil can be shifted to private hospitals. Based on the assurance from collector, they dispersed from the place.Meanwhile, tension prevailed in the southern districts and shops downed shutters in protest against the murder of six men, who participated in the Thevar Jayanthi celebrations.Thevar Jayanthi was marred by the murder of three men who went to attend the celebrations near Paramakudi in Ramanathapuram district on October 30. In a related incident, a petrol bomb hurled at a vehicle returning to Madurai, resulted in 20 people sustaining grievous burns. Three of them succumbed to death on Sunday, sparking sporadic violence and bus services were affected on some routes in Madurai for a few hours on Sunday evening.Meanwhile, the Thevar Samudhaya Kootamaippu headed by Sridhar Vandhaiyar has announced a state-wide protest over the killings, demanding a judicial probe into the killings and the arrest of those involved in the incidents. Shops downed shutters in Krishnankovil near Sattur in Virudhunagar district, following a call given by the Annaithu Thevar Iyakkam. Commercial establishments and the Kovilpatti market also remained closed.Idhaikattur village near Manamadurai remained tensed as mobs went around demanding that the shops remain close and a police team led by DSP Karunanidhi rushed to the spot. The protesters are demanding that those responsible for the murders be booked under the Goondas Act and arrested immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "17109247", "title": "Imphal to host national mime fest", "text": "IMPHAL: A local performing group in the state is all set to host the first ever National Mime Festival to be organized next week here. Theatre lovers will get the opportunity to enjoy several plays including those of Rabindranath Tagore in the three-day long festival.At least six prominent mime groups of the country including the host, Kanglei Mime Theatre Repertory (KMTR), will perform their selective plays in the three-day festival scheduled to kick off on Saturday at Manipur Dramatic Union (MDU) hall here.\"All arrangements for the festival have been completed and the mime troops would be landing here within the next few days ahead of the grand event,\" said KMTR director Yumnam Sadanada (48).Assam's mime group Nishabda's play 'Man versus Machine', West Bengal's Jalpaiguri Shrishti Mime Theatre's 'Tota Kahani' and KMTR's 'Body Speaks on Tagore's Melodies' will be screened on the opening day of festival, said Sadananda, who has directed over fifteen mime plays till date.The second day will witness 'The King and the Beggar' of Rajasthani group 'Do Kadam, New Delhi based ' Pratibha Sanskritik Sanstha's 'Koch-Devyani' and Kerala's theatre group The Mimer's Trivandrum's 'Kokka Babur Pratya Barthan' among other plays.KMTR's 'My Obedient Doll' and 'Love Your Nature' will be staged on the last day of the festival, he added.Besides 'Body Speaks on Tagore's Melodies,' other four plays 'Tota Kahani', 'The King and the Beggar', 'Koch-Devyani' and 'Kokka Babur Pratya Barthan' are also based on Tagore's works, said Sadananda . \"The primary objective of the festival is to popularize and conserve mime theatre, uphold national integration and encourage young mimers and enthusiasts,\" said Sadananda, who has showcased his plays in five international mime festivals - in Armenia, Greece, Macedonia and twice in South Korea in the last few years. A resident of Yumnam Lekai here, Sadananda said there will be a workshop on several aspects of mime during the festival being sponsored by the ministry of culture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17107740", "title": "Calicut University brings in new admission rule for IGNOU graduates", "text": "KOCHI: A graduate from Indira Gandhi National Open University (IGNOU) who applies for a higher course in Calicut University will have to produce a certificate from a university in the state stating that it recognizes the course offered by the open university as being equivalent to the graduate courses conducted by it.The university had earlier recognized all courses conducted by IGNOU but it withdrew the blanket approval after noticing that even part-time courses had to be accepted as being equivalent.\"As per the extant rules, it is for the candidates who make such application to get a certificate from a university in Kerala recognizing the course that they had undertaken as being equivalent to the graduate courses conducted by that university,\" the standing counsel for Calicut University submitted in the Kerala High Court.This submission was made during the final hearing of a petition filed by a graduate from IGNOU who was admitted to LLB course in Thrissur Government Law College.On scrutiny, the university found that the petitioner's degree was not recognized by it and his admission was sought to be cancelled.However, the petitioner moved the high court and got an interim order enabling him to continue his course.During the final hearing, the petitioner contended that he had produced documents to show that the courses conducted by IGNOU were recognized as equivalent to graduate courses conducted by the Cochin University of Science and Technology.Justice K Vinod Chandran dismissed the petition, stating that Calicut University shall pass appropriate orders within a period of six weeks.The petition can challenge the university order within a month.The court also said the university should give petitioner an opportunity of being heard before passing orders.It also said the examinations in which the petitioner had appeared by virtue of the interim order can be considered valid if favourable orders are passed by the university.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17107350", "title": "Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation to double number of diabetes clinics", "text": "MUMBAI: The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) will double the number of diabetes clinics it operates in the coming weeks. The BMC, which is observing a Diabetes Fortnight as a run-up to World Diabetes Day on November 14, operates 28 diabetes clinics at present. It's also planning to maintain a registry of all diabetic patients.\"Given the response to the programme, we are planning to open 27 more clinics,'' additional municipal commissioner Manisha Mhaiskar said on Monday. The numbers say it all. These clinics have identified 3,431 new patients with diabetes in the one year that they have been operating. \"Not all of these patients need treatment. So, we have started 1,475 of these on medication and provide lifestyle-modification counselling for the rest ,'' she said.Along with the previous 2,448 patients, the BMC now provides free medications for life for 3,923 patients. \"We provide tablets but not injectable insulin,'' she said.The BMC is planning to set up a registry of all patients attending its diabetes clinics. \"This database will help use track these patients throughout their life and help them keep diabetes-related complications at bay,'' Mhaiskar said.The BMC has also been running a door-to-door campaign in 24 health post areas to find diabetes patients. The 15-day campaign has so far thrown up 754 new patients who were previously unaware that they had diabetes. The BMC plans to carry out door-to-door checks on 27 more health post areas.The BMC has also started a workplace intervention programme, starting with random blood sugar blood checks in its own offices. \"There were 234 employees who knew they had diabetes, but we found 147 employees who were unaware that they were diabetic,'' she said.The prevalence of diabetes in Maharashtra is 8.4%, according to an Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) study released last year. Another study done by a pharmaceutical company last year said that one in every three persons in Maharashtra is affected by both diabetes and blood pressure problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17109159", "title": "'His samadhi should have been by the Brahmaputra'", "text": "Q. This has been your second homecoming...A. Yes, it's brought me closer to my friends and relatives. I have realized that the people here love rituals. My father's puniya shradh was a learning experience for me. I love the way I have been able to get connected with the people.Q. Are some people being judgmental?A. I expected it. It is natural for people to ask who is this person who has arrived on the scene all of a sudden? It has helped me do some self examination.Q. How do you plan to carry forward your father's legacy?A: I want to take my father's works to the world state. But for that I need to get his works translated. Introducing his works in schools and colleges could be an interesting idea. The Assamese diaspora can do a lot in this regard.Q. Any plans for the people here?A. The state has great potential to lead but because of certain internal weaknesses the progress has not been that phenomenal. We need to do a lot in terms of conservation, education, culture. It is necessary for the Assamese society to join the modern world but it should be done without losing its identity and culture.Q. Are you happy with the state government plans to preserve your father's legacy?A. I am very thankful to the government for all its help during my father's last journey. A memorial committee has been formed and I have been asked to join it. But I feel his samadhi should have been on the banks of the Brahmaputra. After all, his samadhi is a place of inspiration. I am just thinking aloud.Q. Please share with us some of your memories with your father...A. I remember him with fondness and fear. When he was in a good mood he was a patient listener and very understanding. But if he was in a bad mood and someone crossed his path, then hell would break loose. I have lived with both these sides of his character.Q. What were the last moments like?A. He was in a very helpless state. He could only communicate with his eyes, smiles and tears. But they said much more than a thousand words. And this communication can be understood only by a father and son.Q. How long will you be here?A. I am leaving for the US on November 22. On the 5th I will be taking part in a human chain. After that I will travel to both upper and lower Assam to learn more about Assamese culture. I am trying to learn my father's songs.Q. Would you like your son to follow in his footsteps?A. I will be happy if my son, like his grandfather, becomes compassionate and humanitarian.Q. Do you think he could have been given the Nobel?A. I feel my father's works are on a par with Rabindranath Tagore's and Satyajit Ray's. I feel there should have been greater exposure of his works to the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17108969", "title": "E-mulakat for state jail inmates", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The state government is keen to upgrade facilities in all the 26 jails of Jharkhand and the home department is working towards achieving the same.The inspector general (jail), Shiv Shankar Tiwary, who was here on a two-day visit to take stock of the prevailing condition in the jails, said in some years from now, all the jails in the state would be on a par with the well-equipped jails of other states. Tiwary said, \"e-mulakat facility (inmates' meeting with family and friends through video conferencing) has received a good response so far and the department has planned to introduce this facility across all the jails soon.\"Responding to a question, the senior prison authority said that fixing jammers cannot ensure a foolproof system of blocking mobile phone signals. He added that the exercise to install 3G jammers in jails could get delayed owing to technical reasons. Attributing the irregularities to lack of staff strength, Tiwary said that they have sent a letter to the government to fill all the vacant posts particularly in the lower rung of the hierarchy.Following inspection of the Gaghidih Central Jail, he said, \"The jail authorities knew that I was coming, so things were okay by and large. However, soon I will conduct surprise inspection of the jails.\" Urging the jail inmates to make good use of their term in prison for building their future, he said the government is keen to assist the inmates who are willing to pursue higher education.\"All that the inmate has to do is to inform the local jail officials about his/her willingness to pursue studies and the rest will be taken care of by the authorities,\" said Tiwary. Skill development of the inmates is an ambitious work which the home department has taken up keenly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17108063", "title": "Telangana medical colleges yet to improve facilities", "text": "HYDERABAD: Having failed to get additional seats in the current academic year, it appears the government medical colleges in Telangana will next year again end up with sour grapes what with the state government indifference to the urgent need for infrastructural upgrades as required by the Medical Council of India (MCI).The MCI is sending a team to conduct inspection in December but the condition at three medical colleges in Telangana - Osmania Medical College, Hyderabad, Gandhi Medical College, Secunderabad, and Kakathiya Medical College, Warangal - is far from satisfactory with the state government least bothered about clearing funds required improvement of infrastructure.The college authorities, on their part, said that they were in no position to convince the inspection team for additional seats. Each college is entitled to 50 additional seats.\"Apart from non-availability of funds, we are facing a major shortage of teaching staff which could go against us. Time is running out and the MCI team would certainly veto our proposal for additional seats on the grounds of poor infrastructure,\" a professor in GMC told TOI. Listing out the pending works at KMC, its principal Vivekananda told TOI that he had asked the government to release Rs 40 crore, but the administrative sanction was given only for Rs 7.5 crore which can hardly meet the requirement. \"There are several pending works on the infrastructure front. Hostel capacity must be enhanced while renovation of building including classrooms and auditorium is to be done. Teaching staff vacancies are to be filled. We cannot do this in a month's time before the inspection team visits,\" Vivekananda pointed out.When the Union government sanctioned Rs 70 crore for improvement of facilities in the medical colleges in the state, the government failed to make a matching grant. The MCI caused much heartburn among the people of Telangana in July this year by rejecting the state government's proposal to sanction additional seats, while the medical colleges in the Seemandhra region got additional seats.\"The state government has hardly shown any sincerity in rectifying the shortcomings in the medical colleges. While it is clearly shows the discrimination meted out to Tealanagna, the students of the region feel let down,\" B Vinod Kumar, politburo member of TRS, said. He said the students of Telangana would hit the streets soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "17109205", "title": "Arunachal factional fight victims get relief", "text": "ITANAGAR: The district administration of insurgency-hit Longding has taken effective steps to bring succour to the families affected by the recent NSCN factional clash at Ozakho village and provided them basic necessities like food, blankets, utensils etc.A company of 4 Rajput Rifles placed at Ozakho is trying to rebuild the confidence of the people, official sources informed here on Monday.A clash resulting from a turf war between both the factions of the NSCN was reported from Ozakho and Chasa villages in the district on November 1 last, forcing the villagers to flee to safety.Seventeen houses in the villages were completely gutted and two others destroyed in the clash.The Arunachal Christian Forum (ACF) has appealed to the leaderships of the warring groups not to disturb the peace in the area.While appealing for calm and restraint after the incident, the ACF held a prayer session to restore peace and harmony in the affected area.Meanwhile, representatives from the Wancho Baptist Churches Association (WBCA) and the Diocese of Miao Sunday visited the people and provided them with all necessary relief items. The ACF also donated some money to the affected villagers through the WBCA, sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "sonipat", "code": "17108795", "title": "Class VII girl dies as school bus overturns in Rohtak", "text": "SONIPAT: A 13 year old girl, Bhawna Rani, student of 7th class in a private school in Makrola village in Gurgaon district was killed and four other students were injured when the school bus carrying them overturned near village Sohati on Kharkhoda-Bahadurgarh road on Monday.The students of the MD Senior secondary school in Gurgaon were going to Panipat to participate in a schools sports event.According to information, the bus overturned at a sharp turn on the road. The nearby villagers rushed to the victim's help and brought the injured to a private hospital in Kharkhoda in Sonipat district.The Kharkhoda police SHO Police Gajender Singh who reached on the spot said that the family members of the injured students also reached in the hospital at Kharkhoda and got the injured referred to a private hospital in Gurgaon. However, Bhawana reportedly succumbed to injuries while being taken to Gurgaon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17109826", "title": "Break-in victim dies after 2 months", "text": "BANGALORE: A 63-year-old ho8memaker had been in a coma for two months after being attacked by three youths during a burglary at her BTM Layout house. On Monday, she lost the battle for life in a Jayanagar hospital.Mahadevi J Harikanth, a retired nursing superintendent and divorcee, was alone when the three robbers broke into her house and attacked her as she tried to resist them. They attempted to strangle her to death before fleeing with some valuables. Mahadevi entered into coma following the attack and died on Sunday afternoon.Surprisingly, Mico Layout police did not register a case though a first information report was filed under IPC section 307 (attempt to murder) in August itself. Consequently, only two of the assailants were arrested while the third accused rem8ains at large.However, DCP (South-East) P S Harsha said that following Mahadevi's death, graver sections of IPC like 392 (robbery), 302 (murder) read with 34 (common intention) were likely to be slapped on the accused..The DCP said gold jewellery weighing 84 grams were recovered from the arrested duo, Mahesh and Anil. Some more valuables are to be recovered from the third accused, who is yet to be arrested. \"We are on the lookout him,\" he added.There were also reports that the earlier inspector of the police station did not report the matter to his higher-ups and failed to register a case. But the DCP denied the allegation.Lost in comaMahadevi J Harikanth was attacked by three robbers who broke into her house when she was alone.They tried to strangle her to death before fleeing with some valuables. She ended up in a coma due to the brutal attack.Mico Layout police did not register a case though a first information report was filed. Two robbers were arrested while the third is still at large.Homemaker ends life over family disputeHomemaker Vasantha V, 32, allegedly hanged herself at her house in Marutinagar, off Kamakshipalya, on Monday morning.The incident came to light in the afternoon when her two children returned home from school, knocked on the door and didn't get any response. Neighbours peeped through the window and saw her body hanging. They immediately informed police and Vasantha's husband Venkatesh.Preliminary investigation revealed that Vasantha would lose her cool over trivial issues and this led to frequent quarrels between the couple. On Sunday night too, the couple had an argument over some issue.Vasantha decided to kill herself when her husband went to work and kids were inschool. Venkatesh, a goods container driver, married Vasantha eight years ago. The couple hails from Kunigal taluk in Tumkur district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "17108890", "title": "Police file chargesheet against 3 doctors", "text": "VASCO: Two years after the death of a minor girl from Vasco, Raveena Rodrigues, 15, the Vasco police on Monday filed a chargesheet in the children's court, Panaji, against three doctors, including one from the Goa Medical College and hospital (GMC), Bambolim, for alleged medical negligence.Dr Dilip Amonkar from GMC, Dr Shantaram Surme from Vasco and Dr Shridhar Pai, owner of Pai Nursing Home, Vaddem-Vasco, have been named as accused in the case. The girl was admitted at Pai Nursing Home and operated on July 3, 2010. She was rushed to GMC on July 10 after her condition worsened. She died on July 29, 2010, at GMC.Her family had suspected foul play in her death. Following a public outcry, the government had formed a committee to inquire into the matter. Headed by secretary (health), the committee included director of health services, dean of GMC, Dr Pramod Salgacoar and Dr Emidio Gomes as members and joint secretary (health) as the member secretary. The committee found that there was medical negligence and had recommended action.Following the committee's report, the victim's father had filed a complaint in November 2011. The case was registered on the directions of the Vasco JMFC. After the case was registered, then PSI Milind Bhuimbare in July this year had sought permission from the authorities to prosecute the doctors. The file, according to the sources, went right up to the chief minister's office and the approval for the chargesheet came on November 1.The police inspector in charge of Vasco police station, Rupendra Shetgaonkar, filed the chargesheet.Raveena's father Michael said that the doctors should be punished to prevent occurrence of such incidents in the future wherein patients' lives are at risk due to medical negligence.The girl's brother-in-law, Marcus D'Cunha, said that the GMC doctor should be placed under suspension, while the medical council of Goa should take appropriate action against the other two.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17109493", "title": "H1N1 infection claims two lives in Coimbatore", "text": "COIMBATORE: Two patients, who tested positive for H1N1 infection, died here in the city within a span of 72 hours last week at two major private hospitals. A 44-year-old housewife from Sriram Nagar near Vellalore and a 77-year-old man from Uppilipayam died while undergoing treatment at these facilities after they were diagnosed for the viral infection on October 26 and 28 respectively.These are the first cases of H1N1 deaths in which residents from Coimbatore succumbed to the disease this year, as the other earlier fatalities were patients who had come here to seek treatment from other districts and Kerala. Both these deaths were reported in localities falling under city municipal corporation limits.\"Both patients were undergoing treatment at private hospitals in the city after they were tested positive for H1N1 infection,\" said R Damodharan, deputy director, Public Health Services, Coimbatore.Latha Senthilnathan, a resident of Sriram Nagar and a former faculty member of a city college, was admitted to G Kuppuswamy Naidu Memorial Hospital on October 21 with fever and breathing problems. She tested positive for H1N1 on October 22 after her throat swabs were collected and sent to a private lab for analysis. According to her husband R Senthilnathan, she started showing symptoms of light fever and headache a couple of days before she was brought to the hospital. \"Initially, we approached a nearby private hospital but were asked to immediately shift her to a bigger medical facility and also conduct H1N1 tests as her condition was slowly deteriorating,\" said Senthilnathan.Senthilnathan also added that soon after Latha tested positive for H1N1 infection, the hospital authorities informed the family members and started giving treatment to her. But she soon developed intense respiratory complications and finally was declared dead on October 26 morning. According to her relatives, the deceased had no travel history except for a family trip to Rameswaram made on September 15.On October 28, Rajagopal, a 77-year-old resident of Uppilipalayam admitted to PSG Hospital in Peelamedu with H1N1 infection, was declared dead after he ceased to respond to medical treatment. He was brought to the hospital on October 17 and his throat swabs were collected, which tested positive for H1N1 on October 22. He was under treatment at the hospital for another week till his death.According to Public Health Services department officials both the cases were reported from city corporation limits and the civic body's health officials were responsible for control measures against H1N1 virus. Senthilnathan told TOI that a team of officials arrived at his residence and collected the mattresses, clothes and other items that were being used by his late wife and also sprayed some disinfectant solution inside the house.Both patients have been officially included in the list of positive H1N1 cases reported in the district and the Death Investigation Report submitted to the health department cite Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome and chronic pulmonary obstructive disease as the final cause of death for Latha and Rajagopal respectively. Respiratory complications and collapse of pulmonary system are the common cause of deaths especially in senior citizens and children included under high risk category patients.The health officials also reiterated that the swine flu patients should be immediately referred to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital where they would be admitted to the isolation ward exclusively established to treat H1N1 patients. \"We have asked private hospitals to refer H1N1 patients to government hospitals on time for treatment,\" R Damodharan added.With this two deaths, the total number of H1N1 fatal cases reported in Coimbatore since January 2012 have gone up to five. The other deaths were that of a 73-year-old man from Kerala, a 26-year-old woman from Nilgiris and a 75-year-old farmer from Tirupur, who had been referred to Coimbatore for medical treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17107583", "title": "Woman fights off bike gang, nabs snatcher", "text": "KOLKATA: It took a feisty woman and a stroke of luck to bring down a bike gang that had terrorized south Kolkata and kept the police on the tenterhooks. Thirty-two-year-old Urbi Desai, a homemaker, chased down two snatchers on Allenby Road on Monday evening, wrestled them to the ground and held on to one of them until passersby could join the fight.Police aren't saying it on record yet but this could well be the gang that was involved in the three snatchings this week and the earlier incidents of snatch-and-shoot in prominent residential localities like Kasba, Dhakuria and Jadavpur. There were back-to-back snatchings on Elgin Road, and in Gariahat and Kasba on Monday-Friday.The arrested suspect has already admitted to the Elgin Road snatching, said a police officer. \"Their bike (a red Pulsar, WB07G-0193) matches the description in many other snatchings,\" he added. Nearly every cop in Bhowanipore police station was out looking for the fugitive on Monday night as the search rapidly turned into an all-Kolkata affair.Urbi was lucky in that the two other women who tried to fight back earlier were shot at by the snatchers. While Kasba homemaker Vidya Desai was shot in the stomach in January, five bullets were fired to terrorize the Dhakuria victim in end-September.The gang also ran out of luck. The funeral procession of Justice Umesh Banerjee blocked their escape route in the crowded lane and Urbi, who was on their heels, pounced on the duo.Urbi was out shopping for groceries around 8.15pm, barely 150 metres from her apartment complex on Rammohan Dutta Road near Jadubabu Bazar. Her husband, Kirit Desai, a Burrabazar businessman, and eight-year-old son had gone on ahead. She noticed a bike and a helmeted man standing next to it but did not pay much attention.Urbi had just begun walking towards her complex when she felt a tug at her neck. Instinctively, she grabbed her 2-bhori gold chain but it snapped. She had half of it in her hand and turned to see a lanky young man running away with the other half.He was heading straight for the waiting bike. Screaming for help, Urbi ran after him. The duo scrambled to get on their bike but were hampered by the funeral procession that was passing through the narrow, crowded lane. Urbi caught up with them and shoved them hard from behind. Both goons fell down. She grabbed the snatcher and refused to let go. In the melee, the other biker jumped on his Pulsar and sped off.Within seconds, neighbours and passersby rushed to her help. Urbi then called her husband, who informed their landlord Jitendra Yadav and some other neighbours and ran to the scene. \"When we arrived, police had already taken away the goon and his bike. Urbi also went with them to the police station,\" said Yadav. The Desais have been living in the locality for one and a half years.\"The arrested suspect is 22-year-old Faiyyaz Ahmed, an Ekbalpore resident,\" said Bhowanipore OC Buddhadeb Mukherjee. No weapon was found on Ahmed, say sources.TOI went to the Desais' apartment but they weren't there. Kirit Desai said over phone: \"My wife is still in shock. She needs to rest.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17108676", "title": "Gun misfires during hunt, 1 killed", "text": "PUNE: A hunting party went awry after a single-bore gun misfired causing death of a 36-year-old man in Bhukum in Mulshi taluka, around 20 kms from here, on Saturday night.The victim, Sanjay Shilimkar, a resident of Warje, was a distant relative of Balkrishna Dhumal (53), who was carrying the gun at the time of the accident. The Paud police have arrested Dhumal for causing Shilimkar's death due to negligence. Inspector Ganesh More said the incident took place around 10 pm on Saturday when Shilimkar, Dhumal and one Suresh Phatak had gone to Chonde Vasti in Bhukum for hunting wild boars, which is a scheduled animal and cannot be hunted.More said the trio was sitting on a tree near a paddy farm since evening that day. Dhumal had a single-bore loaded gun. After waiting till late in the night, they decided to go back. While climbing down from the tree using a ladder, Dhumal lost balance and fell on the ground. The gun he was holding also fell and due to the impact it misfired. Shilimkar, who was on the tree, got hit in the stomach.Dhumal and Phatak rushed Shilimkar to a nearby hospital where he was declared dead on arrival. More said it was an accident and they do not suspect any foul play. Dhumal is the brother of Shilimkar's father-in-law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17107968", "title": "CM Sheila Dikshit opens leadership meet", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chief minister Sheila Dikshit on Monday inaugurated the 7th Community Development and Leadership Summit at Modern School Barakhamba Road. The subject at the inaugural session was women empowerment, and the discussion brought to the fore a multitude of views.Delegates from 22 countries participated in the event. They delved into issues of women emancipation, including problems faced due to stereotypes, customs and preconceived notions of a divided society. The panelists emphasized the need to free the world of gender-based discrimination for which a change in mindset is needed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17107715", "title": "Criminal chased, murderd in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: A history-sheeter was chased and murdered by assailants at Amberpet on Monday night.The victim was identified as Santosh, 40, alias Nandu, a history-sheeter of the Amberpet police station. Santosh was accused of murdering 40-year-old GHMC sweeper Padma at her house at Raghunath Nagar of Amberpet on January 1.Santosh was later arrested by police and remanded in judicial custody. A few months ago, Santosh came out on bail. Fearing retaliation from Padma's family, Santosh had been staying in LB Nagar since his release from jail. On Monday night, Santosh went to Amberpet on some personal work. \"As he was waiting for a friend at Gandhi statue at Amberpet, four persons arrived there with rods and launched a brutal attack on Santosh. With critical injuries to the head, Santosh collapsed on the pavement and died on the spot,\" Malakpet ACP Iqbal Siddiqi said.Police rushed to the spot and shifted the body to Osmania General Hospital for post-mortem. Police suspect the involvement of Padma's family members in the murder.A case has been booked under section 302 (Murder) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and police have launched a man-hunt to nab the suspects.In another incident, a 30-year-old unidentified man was found murdered at an open plot behind Gokaraju Rangaraju Institute of Engineering and Technology in Miyapur.The body was found in a decomposed condition. The victim was clad in black jeans and a brown shirt. Police said the assailants murdered the man by throwing a boulder on his head.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17109107", "title": "Child rights panel lacks even basic amenities", "text": "RANCHI: The State Child Rights Protection Commission is still struggling to get its share of basic amenities from the government. It was set up in June this year. About 35 cases are dealt with by the commission every month, but the members are not able to keep any record of them.Commission chairperson Ruplaxmi Munda said, \"We have not been given a single computer, so we cannot keep soft copies of case data. The government has allotted us two rooms at the social development centre which has no infrastructure.A few registers and pens are about everything the commission office has now. Munda said, \"We have brought these registers with our own money and started listing cases. There is no proper place to even sit. There are five members in the commission, including me.\"Another problem faced by the commission is unavailability of shelter homes. \"We come across many trafficked victims who have no place to stay.\" said she.The commission has been writing to the social welfare department but they've received no positive reply. \"Whenever I try to talk to the secretary of the department she says that the process is on, but in the past six months we have not received any help\" she said. When contacted, the social welfare minister, Vimla Pradhan, said funds from the non-plan head have been approved. \"A sum of Rs 28.8 lakh has been approved by the finance department from the non-plan head which will be used for providing infrastructure to the commission soon,\" said Pradhan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17107468", "title": "Haldia trade fair on Partha's agenda", "text": "KOLKATA: State commerce and industry minister Partha Chatterjee believes that the industrial scenario in West Bengal is good, notwithstanding what a section of the media is trying to portray. He will visit Haldia on Tuesday to discuss plans for an industrial fair there. The date for this fair hasn't yet been fixed, the minister said.\"I will convene a meeting at Haldia Bhavan on Tuesday with officials from the West Bengal Industrial Development Corporation and representatives of chambers of commerce. We shall decide on the dates of the fair during this meeting,\" Chatterjee said.When asked why Haldia is so special, the minister said: \"Well before certain television channels started showing interest in Haldia, chief minister Mamata Banerjee announced that a trade fair will be held there.\"Chatterjee said officials from Ambuja Cements visited him on Monday and expressed their interest in investing further in the state. The value of this investment will be Rs 550 crore, he said. \"Of this, Rs 325 crore will be invested in Sankrail where work for a cement plant has already started. Production at this plant is expected to start by the end of November.A cement plant of 1.5 million tonnes already exists at Sankrail. With the new plant, the capacity will go up to 2.4 million tonnes,\" the minister said.The company has already acquired 80 acres of land for a Rs 225-crore cement plant near the thermal power plant at Bandel. The capacity of this plant will be 0.6 million tonnes.\"The company has submitted written proposals for these projects. I don't believe there is anything wrong with the industrial scenario in the state. Industrial development of the state is growing by leaps and bounds under the able leadership of Mamata Banerjee,\" Chatterjee added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17107710", "title": "Sultan Bazaar qazi under scanner", "text": "HYDERABAD: Wakf Board officials have found fault with the functioning of qazi Mohammed Zaheeruddin who had earlier suspend his naeb (deputy) Mohammed Azmathullah Jafri for allegedly conducting contract marriages.Qazi Zaheeruddin, in-charge of Sultan Bazaar area, said on Monday that though there is no evidence against his deputy he suspended him to carry out a 'fair' inquiry. \"What has been said against him is only through media. We need to find out if he has done anything incorrect,\" he said.Jafri who earlier worked as a deputy in a few other divisions is alleged to be part of a racket involved in performing contract marriages. Though it is impermissible in Islam to get married for a specified duration and then divorce without a proper reason, there are reports that some marriages are being performed in contravention of these rules.Contract marriages are conducted for pre-determined periods. To make the marriage look like it has ended legally, the parties involved prepare divorce papers at the time of nikah (marriage) and get them signed by the bride.Meanwhile, sources said that in May last year Qazi Zaheeruddin reportedly performed a nikah of a girl, Ummul Khair with one Mohammad Mahsan Arshad. Soon after the nikah, a close relative of the girl lodged a complaint with the Falaknuma police alleging that the signature of Ummul Khair was forged and the marriage itself did not take place. The police followed up the case with the AP State Wakf Board which said that the marriage certificate issued was genuine. After investigating the case further, the police wrote back to the board urging it to cancel the marriage certificate since it had found irregularities in the performance of the nikah.Sources said the board has no role to play in the appointment of qazis, monitoring their work or acting against irregularities committed by them. Also, it cannot cancel documents issued by the qazis. Taking note of this fact, the board simply forwarded the demand of the police to the government. It is still not known what action the government is going take against Qazi Zaheeruddin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17108911", "title": "Rape of minor girl: Arrests go up to 13 as police nab 7 more accused", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Government Railway Police (GRP), Karnal on Monday arrested seven more persons in the gang rape case of a minor girl near the railway station here.With this, total arrests in the case have gone up to 13. Those arrested on Monday included a woman and a main accused in the case. The incident took place on Saturday night when police rounded up a minor girl from the railway station at Bajida Jatan in Karnal district.Police said that a woman, who connived with the accused in the incident, is among those arrested on Monday. Two other accused, who had reportedly helped the accused are still at large, they added.On Saturday evening, the victim and a boy were spotted roaming in the railway station under mysterious circumstances, by an assistant station master. After rounding up the duo, he alerted the GRP men.\"As it appeared to be a case of suspected kidnapping, the ASM started questioning the two. However, before the GRP team reached, the boy managed to escape,'' police said. On interrogation, the girl told police that the boy had kidnapped her promising to marry her.Based on the telephonic information given by the ASM, a FIR under sections 363 and 366 of IPC was registered. The girl belongs to Tarori town of Karnal district.H S Dhoon, superintendent of police, GRP, co-ordinated the investigations and the main accused was arrested on Sunday night. In her statement, the victim alleged that she has been gang raped by more than 12 persons, which was later found to be correct, said officials.Evidence suggested that the girl was lured by a woman of the same locality and was forced to have sex with two boys. Later, while returning to her house, she was raped by 11 more persons. After that, she was taken to the railway station by another person, who was spotted by the ASM on the railway station. Six accused persons were arrested on Sunday night while another six were also arrested on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17109243", "title": "Singer's school, college pay him homage on first death anniversary", "text": "GUWAHATI: On account of his father's transferrable job, as a child, Bhupen Hazarika studied in different schools throughout his life. However, on his first death anniversary, his old alma maters did not forget to pay tribute to the music maestro.The historic Sonaram High School and the reputed Cotton College offered 'shraddhanjali' to the Bard of Brahmaputra on the solemn occasion. It was in 1933 when a seven-year-old Bhupen Hazarika was admitted to this school, established in 1894. Several illustrious personalities like Tarun Ram Phukan and Syed Tayabullah also studied here.\"Even though Hazarika studied here only for two years, it is a matter of great honour for the school. On the occasion of his first death anniversary, we offered a floral tribute to him. A quiz competition will be held within three days. The school is old but it is filled with memories of important people which have left a lasting impression in the hearts and minds of the people of Assam,\" said Kanaklata Devi, principal Sonaram Government High School.In 1935, Hazarika had to leave for Dhubri where he was admitted to a primary school. In 1936, Bhupen left for Tezpur with his father, the cultural capital of Assam, and this was here that his interest into the teachings of the three icons of the Assamese cultural identity- Jyoti Prasad Agarwalla, Bishnu Rabha and Phani Sharma developed.In the late thirties, Hazarika took admission to Cotton College, where he completed his Intermediate Arts in 1942. Till now the college remembers Hazarika as a precious ex-Cottonian. \"After offering a floral tribute, we made a human chain at the Latasil playground. We also took part in the pledge there, and after that we had a discussion on his works. In the evening, the students lit earthen lamps in memory of the late music legend,\" said Niroda Devi, principal of Cotton College.Hazarika then completed his Bachelor in Arts and Masters in Political Science from Benaras Hindu University in 1944. In 1949, he went to the USA to study at Colombia University in New York, from where he completed his PhD in 1952 for his thesis 'Proposals for preparing India's basic education to use audio-visual techniques in adult education'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17109457", "title": "Shutterbug sketches Lanka war", "text": "CHENNAI: Soon after the 2004 tsunami, Benjamin Dixie landed in Vanni in Sri Lanka as a photojournalist. Though the tsunami had wreaked havoc, he found the fishing village beautiful and spent hours photographing its people, paddy fields, beaches and sandy roads.But as the conflict between the LTTE and the Sri Lankan government escalated, the situation in Vanni changed. Government forces began to clear the villages and people fled towards the LTTE administrative headquarters, Kilinochchi, for safety. When Benjamin left Sri Lanka as the UN liaison officer in 2008, he was disturbed by the stories of hundreds who had been displaced. He wanted to do something for them. The result is 'The Vanni', a graphic novel depicting the effect of the war on a poor's fisherman's family.Set in Sri Lanka, India and the UK, the graphic novel tells the story of a fictional Tamil family from Vanni. \"The protagonist Antoni and his family are based on a number of people I met in Vanni. I am also working with Sri Lankan Tamil asylum seekers in the UK,\" says Benjamin.Illustrated by Lindsay Pollock, a preview of 'The Vanni' was launched online a couple of weeks ago. They decided to publish online so that their work can reach more people. \"We are trying to accurately represent a typical experience of one Tamil family from 2005 to the present. What exists online now is just a preview, like a movie trailer. We are looking for funding to complete the book. I hope to publish a chapter online every three or four months. When we complete it, I will try and get a publisher to make a hard copy,\" he said.\"The graphic novel format makes it easier for people to read and learn about the issue,\" said Dixie. \"We are using photographs and film clips either as part of the narrative or as reference material embedded behind the illustrations. This tangibly reconnects the reader with the real events that inspired the drawings. By embedding links and reports, the reader can jump off from our fictionalised account to learn more about the conflict and other issues,\" he said.Dixie and Pollock had long discussions to bring the Sri Lankan landscape to life. \"Unfortunately, the situation in Vanni is sensitive and we could not travel there. So we travelled to Tamil Nadu earlier this year. Lindsay was able to see palmyra trees, paddy fields and fishing villages. On returning, we began work on the preview, using the Tamil Nadu photos, my photos of Vanni, and images of the war gathered from the Internet,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "17109790", "title": "Baliyatra to boost confidence of differently-abled", "text": "CUTTACK: A special pavilion for self-help groups (SHGs) managed by differently-abled persons will be one of the highlights of Baliyatra fair, which will kick off from November 28. In a bid to include such people in mainstream society, the district administration has decided to open a pavilion to display products manufactured by them.The pavilion will accommodate 50 stalls in which SHGs of persons with disability from across the state will be able to showcase their products.\"Persons with disabilities need equal opportunity. Through this special pavilion, differently-abled persons can showcase their talents and skills to visitors. The initiative is also aimed to sensitize people about the needs of disabled persons,\" said Cuttack sub-collector J P Das.The stalls will be provided free of cost. \"We have selected 20 SHGs in the district which are managed by disabled persons. They manufacture products like pattachitra, soft toys, applique work and a lot of other household items. The pavilion will help them to popularize their products,\" said Bipin Rout, chief executive of Odisha Rural Development and Marketing Society (ORMAS), Cuttack, run by the Panchayati Raj department.The district administration has also decided to open a special pavilion of Odia delicacies at the fair, to offer mouth-watering traditional dishes like manda pitha, chhena poda, dahi bara alu dum, mudi ghanta, etc. \"Every year, stalls selling traditional delicacies are put up at the fair in a scattered manner. We have decided to open a special pavilion so that foodies can savour the taste of traditional dishes at one place,\" the sub-collector said.This year, the fair is slated to be bigger than usual. The district administration has decided to expand the fair on an additional 50,000 sq ft area. Last year, the fair was held on 37 acres of land. The administration has also decided to insure the fair for Rs 3 crore. Over 1,400 stalls will be set up at the fair, which will conclude on December 4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17109024", "title": "Parents demand teachers' arrest for student suicide", "text": "RANCHI: Friends and parents of a schoolboy, who had committed suicide and alleged that his teachers insulted him, created ruckus outside Oxford School here on Monday. Prem Shankar Singh (17), a Class XII student had committed suicide on Friday when he was forced out of the school after his teachers charged him of stealing the cycle of another boy. The body of Singh was found hanging from the ceiling of his room in a private lodge in Chutia locality.In his suicide note, the boy had alleged that two teachers of his school, Chandra Bhushan and Nisha Panna, had insulted him and wrongly charged him with the theft of a friend's cycle. Upendra Singh, the father of the deceased, demanded the arrest of both the teachers. School principal Jacob C J said, \"It Is a matter of investigation and the police is investigating the matter.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17107900", "title": "Man, wife told to vacate mother's home", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has asked a man and his wife to vacate the house owned by his mother on her plea that the couple \"mentally tortured\" her.Civil judge Kapil Kumar asked West Delhi residents Sonu and his wife Geeta to vacate the house of his mother Kamla Devi within a month. \"I found no reason to disbelieve the unchallenged and unrebutted testimony of plaintiff (mother)...Photographs filed on record reveal that the plaintiff is in possession of the suit property,\" the court said.The court also asked the Delhi-based couple to pay Rs 2,500 per month to the woman in her mid-sixties as damages, beginning December last year, from the date of filing of the petition till they vacate the house. In her petition, Kamla Devi had said she had built the house in Madipur with her own money and had allowed her son and daughter-in-law to live with her out of love for them. She alleged the couple was harassing her to sell the property and conspiring to dispossess her from the house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17110640", "title": "Small township in New Hampshire to cast first ballot in US polls", "text": "WASHINGTON: Residents of a small township in the New Hampshire State would be the first to cast their ballot just shortly after midnight when polling gets underway in the US Presidential elections today.Dixville Notch in New Hampshire has been casting the first ballot of presidential elections since 1960.Since then it has picked seven out if 13 winners. According to local news media, the 25-odd registered voters of the town gather to cast their ballots at midnight, and the polls are closed one minute later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "17106742", "title": "Sehwag ton fails to save Delhi against UP", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Virender Sehwag batted like a champion and even got a century for Delhi after almost six years. Yet, his effort was not enough to prevent Uttar Pradesh from walking away with the match by six wickets and six points to boot in a Ranji Trophy game which they dominated right from Day One.In the past, UP have got the better of a depleted Delhi team, even by an innings when the two teams met the last time in Lucknow three seasons ago. But they have overcome a full-strength Delhi team for the first time. The famous win came in the fifth mandatory over in failing light when Arish Alam cut the ball to the third-man boundary.UP did get two early wickets in the morning, but failed to dislodge Sehwag quick enough. The India opener, who was batting at number six due to a finger injury, batted like only he can, hammering boundaries at will.He and Pradeep Sangwan put on 85 for the seventh wicket, but more importantly, Sehwag stayed at the wicket for over two hours. Just as things were getting desperate for UP, Sangwan perished to Imtiaz Ahmed. Sehwag, thereafter, threw caution to the wind and raced away to his century. After his dismissal, the innings terminated soon at 322, some 25 minutes after lunch.That left UP to get 155 in 50 overs to bag full points. But there were two factors they needed to overcome -- the failing light and the negative tactics of the Delhi team. UP managed to huff and puff their way to the target in diminishing light to begin their season on a positive note. They now travel to Pune to take on Maharahstra while Delhi face Orissa at home from November 12.The first half of the final day belonged to Sehwag who waged a single-handed battle in order to keep UP at bay. Had he departed early, UP would have walked away with the match much earlier. But it was not to be, as Sehwag employed a judicious mix of defence and attack.Whenever the opportunity presented, he was quick to pounce upon it and had as many as 10 boundaries in his half-century. He added nine more on way to his century. He departed when he tried to pull Imtiaz but holed out at mid-on. Sehwag just stood at the crease and could not believe what he had just done even. His last ton for Delhi had come against Haryana at Rohtak in January 2007. This one not only helped him get into the groove for the upcoming Test match but also stretched the match till the mandatory overs.UP, under new coach Venkatesh Prasad , deserve kudos for upstaging a star-studded Delhi team which included four players who have been picked in the Indian Test team on Monday. Sehwag, Gautam Gambhir and Virat Kohli can tear apart any bowling attack in the world. But UP were never overawed by the opponents and played on equal terms.UP could have shown more urgency in chasing the target but they were hampered by Mohammed Kaif's finger injury. And once Suresh Raina holed out trying to accelerate, things became a bit difficult for the hosts.Brief scores: Delhi 235 &amp; 322 (V Sehwag 107, M Manhas 67; B Kumar 4/94, I Ahmed 4/112) vs UP 403 &amp; 158/4 (S Raina 37, M Dagar 37).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17108444", "title": "Lucknow University V-C directs deans ensure regular classes", "text": "LUCKNOW: The newly appointed Lucknow University vice-chancellor G B Patnaik on Monday directed deans of all departments to ensure regular classes in their respective faculties. The V-C said there should be no compromise on classes for any other administrative work or cause. \"As per University Grants Commission (UGC), 180 days of teaching is must. There is no restriction on teachers to hold classes even on holidays. If they think it's important, they must go ahead. We need to ensure that student attendance goes up in the university,'' said Patnaik.He added that in case of a teacher being unable to take a class, there should be a substitute so that students are not at the receiving end. But, he said university was not only about academics. \"It's about recreational activities too. Students should be encouraged to participate in sports and dramatics,\"' he said. The V-C instructed all deans to prepare a daily report of teachers missing classes. The deans are directed to take help of the head of the departments concerned to ensure proper teaching. The V-C's directives were welcomed by teachers' association members who said the basic duty of a teacher was to impart education. \"If teaching is affected because of any other administrative work, we should give up these posts,\" said Vinod Singh, president, LU Teachers' Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17108536", "title": "Keep hands off horns, DC tells bus drivers", "text": "MANGALORE: The DK district administration has made a unique appeal to bus owners in the district to observe the air pollution control month that got underway on Saturday by instructing their drivers not to use horns within city limits.Making the appeal, deputy commissioner NS Channappa Gowda said it is humanly not possible for the administration and the bureaucracy to bring in any sort of change or implement laws without the cooperation of all concerned.Referring to incessant use of harsh horns by bus drivers in front of Pre-University College for Women in Balmatta, DC said it is possible to move towards a model civic society only if all stakeholders understand their role in making it one. \"The civic society should take a note of perils posed by pollutions of various kinds, including sound pollution,\" he said, adding that it is possible to curtail pollution of all sorts with the help of the public.Referring to a move by the administration to ban the use of plastic in the district in a phased manner , DC said it is regrettable that the administration has not received the expected amount of support from the stakeholders concerned. \"It is high time that people reflected for whom are these laws made and who benefits from it,\" DC said adding that looking at every move by the administration with suspicion is not the correct step.Mangalore city north MLA and former minister for environment J Krishna Palemar who inaugurated the celebration said unless the society as a whole comes forward to protect the environment, it cannot expect anyone else to come to its rescue.C Mallikarjun, secretary, Regional Traffic Authority observed that vehicles of all description contribute 72% of overall air pollution. Vehicle owners should realize this fact and endeavor to keep the vehicles in good condition and also get their vehicles tested for pollution level once in every six months as mandated by law. A yakshagana bayalatta Karkasura Stambhana Doomasura Bandhana highlighted the essence of major sources of pollution at the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17107647", "title": "MNS sweeps Trimbak polls", "text": "NASHIK: Trimbakeshwar voters gave their mandate in favour of the MNS) for the municipal council polls held on Sunday, with the party bagging six seats, three short of majority, even as the BJP was reduced to a single seat in the council as against four in the outgoing house of the Trimbakeshwar municipal council. Election results were announced on Monday. The NCP was relegated to second position with four seats, followed by Congress (3 seats), independants (2) and Shiv Sena and BJP (1 each).Shiv Sena swept the election in Igatpuri bagging 11 seats. TNNrelegating the NCP to second position with 8 seats for the elections held for 19 seats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17107555", "title": "Darsgah-Jihad-O-Shahadat moves State Human Rights Commission against ACP", "text": "HYDERABAD: The activists of Darsgah-Jihad-O-Shahadat (DJS) on Monday filed a complaint with the State Human Rights Commission against assistant commissioner of police, Mirchowk division, M Kishtaiah alleging that he was harassing minorities in his jurisdiction.DJS president Mohammed Majid also alleged that Kishtaiah has registered a false case against the organisation's activists who had staged a protest on October 19 in front of his office peacefully.The DJS pleaded with the SHRC to give a direction to the state government to inquire into the matter and take 'action' against the ACP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17107418", "title": "Body found in national park", "text": "MUMBAI: The body of a man in his 50s was found inside the Sanjay Gandhi national park (SGNP) on Monday morning. Forest officials and cops said that the body had been eaten by animals. Authorities are trying to establish if a leopard had attacked the deceased or if the body had been eaten after the person died.According to forest officials, the body was found around 10.30 am by people living in Khindipada in Mulund, located on the periphery of the national park. Chief conservator of forests, SGNP, Sunil Limaye said that the body has been sent for post-mortem after which the cause of death may be known.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17108576", "title": "Newspaper reading a must here", "text": "HUBLI: In a novel initiative that aims at helping students inculcate reading habits and stay abreast of current affairs, KLE's English Medium School in Manjunath Nagar has made newspaper reading mandatory for students.The school subscribes o several leading English and vernacular dailies in bulk. Each class consists of around 30-35 students. Teachers monitor students while reading newspapers in the classroom. Reading newspapers is mandatory for students from Class V to X. Students from Class V to VII will be given vernacular dailies whereas high school students will be given English dailies. However, students are free to read the paper of their choice.Each paper is shared by two students. They spend about 20 minutes in the morning after prayers in reading the prayers and students have to take down important points while reading. Students will be quizzed by the teacher in the interaction session to know what they have read and assimilated. Students will be asked to comment on the big and important news of the day.Catherine Dinesh, principal, KLE's English Medium School, told TOI: \"We found that many students were lacking in general knowledge and hardly knew about current affairs. To enable students keep an update of what is happening around them, be it at the local, state or global level, we have introduced the system and it is paying off.\"Nikita Ekbote, a Class IX student said: \"My general knowledge and understanding of current affair has improved since I started reading newspapers. Though we subscribe to newspapers at home, I hardly read. But now I am doing it regularly in the school.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17108315", "title": "Tota back in jail after theft bid", "text": "GURGAON: The crime branch team arrested notorious criminal Sunil alias Tota, who was out on bail, when he was planning a robbery. Police recovered two country-made pistols and live cartridges from his possession. Rajendra park police have lodged an FIR against the criminal under Sections 398/401 of IPC. Police produced him in a city court which sent him in judicial custody.According to police, Tota, resident of Dhanwapur village, was let off on bail from the Bhondsi jail some days ago. The crime branch team got a tip-off that Tota was planning a theft in Rajendra Park area late on Sunday evening.Earlier, Tota was in jail on charges of extortion, theft and other crimes. On June 1 this year Bhondsi police had also lodged a separate FIR against him, when the jail administration found a mobile phone with a SIM in his his possession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17107895", "title": "Give all nine roads or none: Corporation to PWD", "text": "NEW DELHI: The public works department has transferred four of the nine roads falling under Shahjahanabad Redevelopment Corporation to North corporation last week to expedite work on Chandni Chowk redevelopment plan, said sources. The corporation, however, refused to take over the roads saying they want all the nine roads or none.\"PWD transferred back Asaf Ali road, Jawaharlal Nehru Marg, Chandni Chowk main road and Kasturba Hospital marg. But the redevelopment project involves more roads and one agency should carry out the work. All the roads should be transferred back to us if municipal corporation has to carry out the work. With multiple authorities and roads with other agencies the project will face delays,\" said a senior official. The corporation wants Kotla Road, Deen Dyala Upadhaya Marg, Shyama Prasad Mukherjee Marg, Netaji Subhash Road along with those already transferred.\"Earlier only Chandni Chowk main road was transferred and then other roads were transferred. We have asked them to hand over all the roads...and the consultant Abhimanyu Dalal, will prepare the plan for ducting and taking the utilities underground,\" said P K Gupta, commissioner, North corporation. However, PWD officials say that the main roads coming under the plan have been transferred back to them. \"Some roads aren't even a part of the plan. Why should they be transferred to them,\" said a PWD official.In August last year, then Union HRD and telecom minister Kapil Sibal had inaugurated the project and the work was to start by September. The project was re-inaugurated by Delhi CM Sheila Dikshit in December last year.The traders and residents are adversely affected due to these unnecessary delays. \"The corporation and PWD are playing a ping pong game. First, the corporation was blaming PWD for the delay and now when they are giving some roads, they want all the roads. Even if they have one road they should start the work and show the residents and traders some groundwork taking place,\" said Sanjay Bhargava, general secretary, Chandni Chowk Sarv Vyapar Mandal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "17108384", "title": "Irom Sharmila's anti-AFSPA fast enters 13th year", "text": "IMPHAL: Irom Sharmila Chanu completed 12 years of her hunger fast against the controversial Armed Forces (Special Powers) Act on Monday. The Sharmila Kanba Lup (Save Sharmila group), a women's body set up to show solidarity with Sharmila's struggle, organized a massive protest in Imphal.Sharmila (41) has been fasting since November 5, 2000, a couple of days after Assam Rifles personnel gunned down 10 civilians including a National Child Bravery Award winner near a bus stand at Malom village along the Imphal-Aizawl highway.\"Sharmila completes the 12th year of her fast today (Monday) and she is entering the 13th year of her stir. She will continue till the oppressive act is repealed. The state government as well as the 60 legislators are watching her struggle but are not taking steps to scrap the act. We are not happy with their attitude towards her struggle,\" Irom Singhajit, Sharmila's elder brother, told TOI.\"While Jammu &amp; Kashmir chief minister Omar Abdullah has the guts to approach the Centre to repeal the act, our CM, Okram Ibobi Singh , and his council of ministers as well as the ruling Congress MLAs have failed to do so and are ignoring people's wish,\" he said.Sharmila Kanba Lup convener S Momon Leima slammed both the state government and the Centre for ignoring Sharmila and the people's demand to scrap the act which gives sweeping powers to the armed forces to the extent of permitting them to shoot people on mere suspicion. \"We will continue to protest until the act is withdrawn to save Sharmila,\" she said.Sharmila is being force-fed through her nose at the state-run Jawaharlal Nehru Institute of Medical Science close to her Kongpal Kongkham Leikai residence in Imphal East.The Ibobi Singh government had lifted AFSPA from Imphal municipal areas covering seven assembly constituencies in 2004 following a huge protest against the rape and killing of Thangjam Manorama Devi by Assam Rifles jawans in that year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17110013", "title": "Rahane misses ton in drawn tie", "text": "MUMBAI: A 74-run partnership for the ninth wicket between Krishnakant Upadhyay (45) and Anureet Singh (30 not out) helped Railways avoid the follow-on against Mumbai, in their Group 'A' Ranji Trophy clash at the Wankhede Stadium, on Monday.That left the hosts with little choice but to bat again on the last day and earn three points on the basis of their 144-run first innings lead. Led by Ajinkya Rahane's 81-ball 84 and Kaustubh Pawar's patient 85, Mumbai piled up 230-5 in their second essay. The duo's third-wicket partnership was worth 125 runs.Earlier, Railways, resuming at their overnight score of 380-8 , managed to take their final score to 426. Mumbai, in the absence of Zaheer Khan who did not return to bowl on Monday morning, failed to wipe out the tail. The last two wickets were picked by medium-pacer Dhawal Kulkarni.Zaheer, who had cramped his way out in the last session on Sunday, underwent a fitness test under the watchful eye of National Cricket Academy (NCA) physio Ashish Kaushik, during lunch. The fitness report was submitted to the selection committee before they met to pick the Test team.Mumbai had scored a massive 570 runs in their first innings , which got further highlighted because of a 136-ball 137 from Sachin Tendulkar , in what was his first Ranji match in three years. Tendulkar, however, did not come out to bat in the second innings.Rahane expressed disappointment at missing out on another century, but said he was happy with his knock. The selectors on Monday retained Rahane in the 15-member squad for the first two Test matches against England.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "17108817", "title": "Baga-Sinquerim to be free from hawkers", "text": "CALANGUTE: Around 20 Indian Reserve Battalion (IRB) personnel and 32 traffic constables have been posted on the beach and roads along Calangute-Candolim stretch to make the beach hawker-free and to regulate traffic in the area during the tourist season which has already commenced.All the IRB men and traffic police function under the supervision of the Calangute police station.Eleven IRB personnel on the Calangute-Baga stretch maintain a watch from atop the lifeguard towers, while around nine of them are posted on the Candolim-Sinquerim stretch. Till last season, policing on the beaches was being done by tourist police force which was disbanded by the BJP government in April this year.Speaking to TOI, one of the IRB personnel, requesting anonymity, asked, \"Can you see a single hawker now?\" He said the hawkers packed their bags after arrival of the IRB men on the beach. There were around 500 hawkers between Sinquerim and Baga offering services such as masseurs and chai wallahs, selling garments and necklaces and also as photographers.\"Some of them still try and do a little business without being observed, but the moment they see us coming they vanish,\" he said.With the hundred beach shacks in Calangute having come up, the IRB men will have a tougher time in controlling the hawker menace as the shacks offer a lot of cover, one of them said. It was easier to spot the hawkers when the beach shacks were not there, he added.The 32 traffic constables are also seen monitoring the traffic all along the busy roads in the tourism-belt. Besides this, following the deployment of traffic policemen, sex workers who were seen soliciting customers along the roadsides have all vanished, say locals.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar had announced a few months ago that the state government would be deploying the IRB personnel and traffic policemen in the Calangute-Candolim beach belt to get rid of the hawkers and other criminal elements on the beach and also to regulate traffic.He had also said that the traffic movement was being monitored and will be studied before a new system is in place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17109871", "title": "Contractors challenge new waste tenders", "text": "BANGALORE: The new approved garbage tender proposals floated by BBMP have been challenged by old contractors, by way of an amendment petition.A division bench of the high court headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen on Monday clubbed the petition with a batch of PILs highlighting uncleared garbage in Bangalore. The hearing is on Tuesday.'' The new proposals require a pourakarmika to sweep at least 8km of road, which is quite impossible if the road is 80ft or 100ft wide. The new tender has many other discrepancies, wherein the bidder is an individual but the supporting documents belong to a company. The timings for sweeping roads is also sought to be altered to the afternoon. Footpaths have been left out. The requirement under Rule 6A of BBMP rules for getting prior approval of the government for any project in excess of Rs 500 lakh was not obtained,'' counsel for the petitioner told the court during a brief hearing.The BBMP counsel, however, said only the letter of acceptance was issued and government approval has been sought for it. The new tender proposals were floated on September 18 and approved by the BBMP council on October 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17109683", "title": "Give certified copy of case diary: HC", "text": "JAIPUR: A division bench of Rajasthan High Court has directed the DGP to ask all the police stations to file a certified copy of the case diary in a sealed cover along with the chargesheet in all criminal cases in order to avoid any tampering of the evidence at any subsequent stage by the investigating officers who have access to the records all the time.The order came on an appeal filed in a murder case by one Jagdish. It was found by the court that the investigating officer tried to mislead the court. In some other cases too, it was found that the case diary and papers of investigation were tampered at subsequent stages of trial at the instance of investigating officers.\"In order to prevent any manipulation or tampering with the public documents and papers of investigation at the subsequent stages, at the instance of investigating officers, it is directed that in all cases the concerned investigating officers shall produce a certified copy of the case diary in a sealed cover along with the papers of chargesheet as and when the chargesheet is filed in the court,\" said a division bench of Justice Dalip Singh and Justice Bela M Trivedi.\" The courts in which the chargesheets are filed shall also see to it that such a copy of the case diary in a sealed cover is filed by the investigating officer along with the papers of chargesheet and shall also put its endorsement in that regard,\" the court said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17109278", "title": "Desperate Reds resort to forced recruitments'", "text": "RANCHI: Maoists have allegedly started using pressure to recruit youths in Jharkhand to keep their movement alive. Sources in the police department said such incidents have been on the rise for the last few months and the rebels are using their frontal organization to recruit villagers even if they are reluctant.Police claims that this is owing to welfare projects taken up by security forces under Integrated Action Plan (IAP). \"Earlier, Maoists lured the youths and promised a fixed salary, which at times went up to Rs 5,000 per month. The situation has changed over the last couple of years as youngsters get jobs in construction projects laun- ched under IAP and are reluctant to live a rebel's dangerous life,\" said a police officer.The officer said they have received reports of forceful induction of youngsters in Garhwa and Saraikela-Kharsawan districts. \"Maoists operating in Garhwa have asked every village to give five youths who can become a part of their armed squad,\" said the officer, adding that the most vulnerable villages include Bargarh, Madhgarhi, Marda, Tiharo, Binda, Baligarh, Birajpur and Tetardih.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17109794", "title": "Bhubaneswar boasts healthy green quotient", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The capital city is all set to regain its green cover after massive destruction of trees during 1999 super cyclone and subsequent road expansion works. If everything goes according to plan, the city will meet the World Health Organisation (WHO) standard of 12 sq metre green space for each person soon.The per capita density for green cover has increased in the city, claimed BMC environment officer B K Routray. \"Although we are yet to engage any agency to study the per capita green space, we are sure we are on the threshold of touching the WHO standard. Compared to all other cities in Odisha, Bhubaneswar's green cover since 1999 has improved a lot,\" said the officer.Bhubaneswar boasted a lush green cover before the super cyclone tore through the city and destructed the flora and fauna. The tree-lined roads, lanes and by-lanes looked deserted in the aftermath of the cyclone, which left the forest department with the uphill task of restoring the green canopy. \"Sixty-five per cent of vegetation planted by us two years ago has survived,\" said city DFO Jayant Das.\"We are focusing on avenue plantation and plantation on vacant spaces. In 2010, we planted 3.48 lakh trees followed by 3.12 and 3 lakh trees in 2011 and 2012 respectively. The forest department is the nodal agency for plantation for agencies like the BDA, BMC and OFDC. It helps the agencies in the drive under several plans,\" the DFO said.As per official record, 60,000 big trees were uprooted during the super cyclone and subsequently in the road expansion process nearly 9,000 trees were felled. \"Whereas we have already planted trees on the Janpath, we are yet to plant trees on the stretch from Kathjodi to Khandagiri,\" the DFO said. As many as 1,673 trees were chopped to make way for the expansion of NH-5.Six big parks, maintained by Bhubaneswar Development Authority (BDA), add to the city's green cover. There are 34 other parks, located in various residential areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17107753", "title": "'Seemandhra leaders won't digest Telangana CM'", "text": "HYDERABAD: The chief among them is finance minister Anam Ramnarayan Reddy whose relations with Kiran are not on an even keel.Fuelling the ambitions of Seemandhra contenders is also the belief that the Seemandhra lobby has now become so strong that if a Telangana minister is appointed chief minister, the state government may be rendered unstable.Such a view also found an echo from the T- lobby too on Monday. Lok Sabha MP from Nalgonda, G Sukhender Reddy warned that if a chief minister was appointed from the Telangana region, then the government will fall within three months.\"The Seemandhra lobby will not tolerate a Telangana chief minister,\" said a Telangana leader.Sukhendar added that it would be naive for the high command to think that the appointment of a chief minister would be enough to solve the T tango and silence the people of Telangana and make them give up their demand.Analysts remarked that with so many forces and counter-forces at work, it was well nigh impossible to figure out what will actually happen.\"The situation is unclear at the moment. Possibly it will be clearer after Diwali,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17111117", "title": "Rift within BJP out in open, Ram Jethmalani leads charge against Gadkari", "text": "NEW DELHI: Senior BJP leader Ram Jethmalani launched a scathing attack on Nitin Gadkari on Tuesday, openly challenging his continuance as party president.Calling for his immediate resignation, Jethmalani claimed that several top leaders in the party are against Nitin Gadkari continuing as party president in the wake of corruption charges against him.He named Yashwant Sinha, Jaswant Singh and Shatrughan Sinha as leaders who shared his views that Gadkari should quit as party chief.Ram Jethmalani claimed that the three leaders are in touch with him on the issue.Speaking to reporters, the senior lawyer also confirmed that he had written a letter to LK Advani on behalf of party members who were against Gadkari on the issue of corruption.The strongly-worded letter, according to Times Now, urges Advani to ensure Nitin Gadkari's resignation as party chief immediately.In the letter, which claims to also represent the views of Jaswant Singh, Yashwant Sinha and Shatrughan Sinha, Jethmalani writes that Nitin Gadkari has already caused immense harm to the party and the nation.Jethmalani also took potshots at Rahul Gandhi questioning his potential as a leader.Ram Jethmalani's outbursts come a day after his son Mahesh openly revolted against Nitin Gadkari and resigned from the party's national executive.Ram Jethmalani said that he fully endorsed the step taken by his son against the party chief and hoped that other leaders opposed to Gadkari would also come out in the open.BJP defends Gadkari :The Bharatiya Janata Party played down Ram Jethmalani's remark that several senior leaders within the party are unhappy with the current state of affairs and want Nitin Gadkari to quit as the president amidst allegations against him.BJP national general secretary Vinay Katiyar said there is no dissent within the party.\"There are no differences, we are united. Ram Jethmalani's statement has no value, there is no dissent in the party,\" he said.BJP spokesperson Nirmala Sitharaman on her part said that she would comment on the issue only after the party takes a final call.\"I am not aware about what position the party is taking. I will comment on it only after the party takes a decision,\" she told in Surat.Meanwhile, Nitin Gadkari reportedly met senior BJP leader Sushma Swaraj for around an hour. He is also expected to meet LK Advani later in the day.Moreover, there are also reports, which say that Ram Jethmalani, Yashwant Sinha and Jaswant Singh will be meeting later in the day to chalk out the future course of action.(With inputs from ANI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17108039", "title": "Telangana package buzz spurs Congmen's CM ambitions", "text": "HYDERABAD: Political activity intensified in the state capital with speculation that the Centre is formulating a Telangana package that will be unveiled later this month. Although nobody knows what the package will contain, what has Congressmen on the edge is the belief that a chief minister from Telangana region may be part of the package deal. \"It is well known that Sonia Gandhi is happy with the performance of Kiran. Though she is aware that politically he has not had much success in containing the Jagan factor, she is happy that he has maintained the law and order well in the state in the face of T agitations,\" says a source with the inside track. \"This would mean that she would not like to change him,\" the source added.But not to allow Kiran's cause to go unrepresented, about 20 Congress first-time MLAs, many of them from Telangana and mostly supporters of Kiran Kumar on Monday urged party chief Sonia Gandhi and AICC general secretary in-charge of AP Ghulam Nabi Azad not to effect a leadership change in a bid to finding a solution to the Telangana problem. They said that although a solution to the T tango is imperative, changing Kiran would lead to derailment of the development programmes like Indiramma baata initiated by him. Azad promised the delegation led by Lakshma Reddy, MLA from Medchal that no change was on the anvil.This was even as National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA) chairman and city MLA Marri Sashidhar Reddy had a 15-minute meeting with Sonia on Monday morning. Sashidhar's name is doing the rounds strongly since the weekend as a probable chief minister but what he discussed with Sonia is not known. After meeting with Sashidhar, Sonia also had state ministers Geetha Reddy, Galla Aruna and Union minister P Balaram Naik calling on her. Geetha Reddy is also a strong contender for the chief minister's post if Kiran is made to make way.But getting wind that there is possibility of a chief ministerial change, some Seemandhra Congressmen are also believed to have thrown their hat into the ring.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17109589", "title": "'No efforts to scuttle Kudumbasree'", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Union minister for rural development Jairam Ramesh on Monday denied reports that there were efforts to scuttle Kudumbasree, a successful women's empowerment project launched 14 years ago.\"Barring Paloli Mohammed Kutty, no LDF member has done anything for Kudumbashree but today all in the LDF claim to be champions of Kudumbasree. Chief minister Oommen Chandy had unequivocally stated that Kudumbashree is a state and national asset and no one will be permitted to weaken it,\" Ramesh told reporters here on Monday, after inaugurating the valedictory session of the four-day national workshop on Panchayat Raj Institutions (PRIs) and Self Help Group (SHG) synergy in National Rural Livelihood Mission (NRLM).He said some had proposed alternatives to it but Kudumbasree would be protected. On whether Janashree would gain priority, he said, \"Janasree has not received a single rupee from the ministry of rural development while Kudumbasree received Rs 43 crore this year.\" Asked if the government plans to revamp and rename Kudumbasree as State Rural Livelihood Mission, he said, \"Innovation cannot be ruled out if it is in the interest of development.\"However, he said it would be mandatory for Kerala to constitute a State Rural Livelihood Mission Society led by the chief minister to obtain funds under NRLM and this would be no uphill task for a state known for its Kudumbasree model that empowered 38 lakh women through SHGs.On bank linkages with SHGs, the minister said 80% of the total bank credit to SHGs during 2011-'12 goes to four states - Andhra Pradesh, Tamil Nadu, Karnataka and Kerala. \"A meeting will be held with the finance minister on November 15 to strengthen the bank linkages to SHGs in other states.\"Social welfare and panchayat minister M K Muneer said Kudumbasree would seek to include more women from vulnerable groups from minority and coastal areas and scheduled caste and tribal communities by next year. He said priority would be given to SHG linkages with banks, production of value-added products in micro enterprises, skill development and sustainable development with sanitation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17109704", "title": "Panjab University media fest \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcSoch\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 brings talent under one roof", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A three-day national level socio-cultural fest, \"Soch\", the media festival of Panjab University's School of Communication Studies, based on the theme \"Parwaaz - Colours of Imagination\" was inaugurated at the law auditorium of Panjab University on Monday.The fest was inaugurated by Panjab University vice-chancellor Arun Grover, Doordarshan director K K Rattu and All India Radio director Amrit Singh Puri. Soon after that the fest was officially inaugurated, all the students left the auditorium with high spirits to present a cultural extravaganza.In his address Grover suggested the department to start a communication programme for all PhD students of Panjab University, in all discipline which carry a credit.Events like photography with theme \"abandoned and deserted\", graffiti with theme \"Hatto k fassane Parwazz k bahane\", mute commentary, documentary screening with theme \"Nari teri yahi kahani\" and street plays were held during the morning session. Cultural night, comprising of events - dancing shoes and fashion show based on theme \"Remixsology\" \u00e2\u20ac\u201d entertained all.Sanam Johar, finalist of a dance reality show, was the celebrity judge for the event dancing shoes.Through the past years, this festival has evolved as the most sought after cultural festival in North India and witnessed huge participation of students from different universities every time.This year 17 events were organized in the fest which included lens war, 91.2 and you, haatho k phassane parwaz k bahhane, think ink, beyond the frames, break the silence, glimpse of thought, halla bol, remixology, rang e junoon, brain teaser, speak sans study, doodle do, graphshop, parwaaz-e-ishtehar, rang manch and malhaar.On Tuesday, Vinay Pal Bhuttan will present a musical night to engulf the audience in non-stop frenzy and euphoria.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17108461", "title": "Zaheer should be put through stringent fitness test: Gavaskar", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former captain Sunil Gavaskar on Monday said that India pace spearhead Zaheer Khan, who is going through a lean patch, should be put through \"stringent tests\" to ascertain his fitness in the run up to the first of the four-match Test series against England.\"I think what they should be doing is because there is still 8 or 9 days to go before the test match begins, they need to have stringent fitness test for him a couple of days before the game,\" Gavaskar said.\"So 13th November, they should have a stringent fitness test for him where he bowls full speed and runs, so that selectors know he is 100 per cent fit. If he doesn't do that on the 13th Nov then they should be looking at someone else,\" he added.The new selection panel headed by Sandeep Patil included Zaheer Khan in the 15-member squad for the first two Tests against England starting November 15.Zaheer Khan and Sachin Tendulkar played for Mumbai in the Ranji Trophy match against the Railways to get back to form ahead of the four-match Test series.Gavaskar said, \"In case of proven performers, somebody with 400 plus wickets in Test, I don't think Ranji performance is important as long as selection committee believes that he has been bowling well, they can come back in the team.\"It's like a batsman, a proven batsman who has thousands of runs in Test cricket and if he doesn't do well in a Ranji Trophy game it doesn't mean he is not good enough for the national team,\" he said.Gavaskar also said that he would have preferred a 12-member team instead of a 15-men squad as the Ranji Trophy is going on in full swing.\"I would actually prefer a 12-member squad. There is a Ranji match that is happening. Then I would have players playing Ranji Trophy matches. It is better to have practice than to sit in the dressing room and do nothing,\" he said.\"If selection committee decides this is going to be the formation of their 11, well may be keep a couple of players handy in case of any last minute illness on the morning of the match. I would think they should release at least two players to go back and play in Ranji trophy,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17108395", "title": "UP Power Corporation Limited told to submit details of payments", "text": "LUCKNOW: The UP Electricity Regulatory Commission (UPERC), on Monday, sought a report from the UP Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) on the status of dues paid to 'blacklisted' transformer manufacturing companies. The development came a day after TOI reported how the power corporation cleared the pending dues towards some of the companies which were under scanner following directions of UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav for allegedly supply faulty transformers.UPERC secretary AK Srivastava in a notice sent to UPPCL managing director AP Mishra, has asked him to submit the details of the status of payments to be made towards the nine blacklisted companies with the quality control committee which is scheduled to meet at IIT, Kanpur on November 9.The quality control committee, headed by IIT-Kanpur professor SC Srivastava had declared nine companies - PME Noida, RTS Jaipur, Technocrat, Accurate, PP Industries, Swaska, Modern Transformers, Laxmi Transformers and East India Industries - as blacklisted following reports of their poor performance during the peak summers. Subsequently, UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav had asked the UPPCL top brass to get the firms blacklisted.In fact, it was following his directive that the payments due towards the companies were also held up. But five months later, the UPPCL made a U-turn, clearing payments to at least three companies - Agra-based Laxmi transformers has been paid around Rs90.5 lakh, PME Rs94.4 lakh and United Electrical over Rs60 lakh. The three companies had supplied over 350 transformers of 63/100 kVA capacity during the BSP regime for which payment bills were prepared on different dates between January 14 and March 31 this year.UP Rajya Vidyut Upbhogta Parishad president and member of the quality control committee, AK Verma demanded an inquiry into the release of payments. It is surprising that despite the CM's direction, the UPPCL has not acted against the faulty companies,'' Verma said.Commission also demanded details of action taken report on IIT-Kanpur's findings regarding defective meters. This was another contentious issue that was raked up after Akhilesh asked the PCL top brass to inquire into the quality of meters that were installed in the houses and shops of consumers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17108793", "title": "Nitish Kumar didn't back Bihar's cause in the past: Abdul Bari Siddiqui", "text": "PATNA: CM Nitish Kumar had ditched the state twice or thrice on the issue of special package during the NDA regime at the Centre when Bihar had seven MPs and he was Union cabinet minister, alleged Leader of Opposition in the state assembly Abdul Bari Siddiqui here.Siddiqui said on Sunday the then RJD government in the state had tried to get a special package, not special status, from the then NDA government, but the demand was flatly rejected. \"Immediately after bifurcation of the state in 2000, the then RJD government got a resolution passed by the state legislature demanding an economic package from the Centre. The demand was rejected by the Vajpayee government. Again in 2002, the RJD government sought a Rs 1.8 lakh crore package and special status to the state. An all-party delegation went to Delhi to meet the PM and Nitish Kumar, then a cabinet minister at the Centre, was made the convener of the delegation and urged to fix a meeting with the PM. Unfortunately, that meeting never took place,\" he said, adding that Nitish also kept mum when NDA government granted special status to Uttarakhand.The leader of opposition, however, praised the Vajpayee government on the issue of special status to Bihar. \"In fact, RJD MP Raghuvansh Prasad Singh moved a motion demanding a debate in Parliament over the issue. Even though the quorum was not fulfilled in the Parliament, the NDA government initiated the debate but Nitish was not present,\" Siddiqui claimed.He further said he and his party were not at all opposed to the idea of special status or any other proposal in the state's interest. \"But the way the idea is being hijacked is objectionable. Nitish said both the Houses of the state legislature passed a resolution demanding special status in 2006. Now, it becomes the issue of the state, not a party issue. Then why did Nitish Kumar organize the rally under the banner of his party, not even under NDA banner,\" he said.\"It seems very odd that Speaker Uday Narayan Chaudhary's residence was agog with activities while the residence of Ashwini Kumar Choubey, a BJP minister, wore a deserted look. How can a person who cannot lead his alliance partner properly, lead a state,\" Siddiqui quipped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17108934", "title": "Workshop on disease control begins", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A two-day workshop on capacity building in disease control and sustenance was inaugurated at Allahabad University on Monday. Dean research and development Prof NR Farroqi inaugurated the workshop.Speakers were unanimous on multifarious effect of environment, health and biology of parasitic disease organisms to cause biotechnological barcode variations in human and animal body. Such inherent changes caused by mutations would demonstrate the urgent need to strengthen our basic infrastructure and manpower being trained in the universities and postgraduate colleges of the country.Guest of honour and vice-chancellor of Doon University Prof VK Jain said natural resources in environment is directly linked to disease and health deterioration in human beings. In 1951 and 2000, per capita freshwater available in India, was 5177 cubic meters and 2000 cubic meters respectively, which would decrease to 1140 cubic meters by 2050. It is thus a cause of serious concern that India would become a water stressed country soon. \"Melting of the glaciers in the Himalayas would lead to rise in sea level, resulting in increased flooding, sea water intrusion, significant loss of coral reefs and biodiversity. This would further enhance the mortality rate due to many infectious diseases,\" Jain said. The spatial and temporal variation in water availability has caused greater stress on sanitation, hygiene and health of vulnerable sections of our society, which would threaten to alter the aquatic environment.Former AU VC Prof HR Singh said the effort by the Parasitology Laboratory of the zoology department to conduct exhaustive and meticulously planned training schedule for the benefit of villagers, as well as the younger scientific force, that is essential in the modern world that it would not survive and the progress of a country would be derailed if younger research students are not equipped with latest advancements in the field of barcode structure comprising tools of DNA sequencing and other immunological methods to treat diseases in human being as well as animals of importance to man. The idea to include villagers in this training effort will help to improve understanding of phylogeny of disease organism's of developing effective mechanisms of disease control and their implementation by villagers in rural ponds for better productivity from aquaculture. The department will also host a symposium on parasitic diseases on November 7.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17109746", "title": "Now, RTI services at panchayat level", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: One can now avail various right to information (RTI) related services at common services centres (CPCs) at the panchayat level across the state, the state government said.Citizens can download RTI application forms, make online applications, e-payment, check status of RTI applications, access pro-active disclosure made under Section 4 of RTI Act. The government will integrate the RTI central monitoring mechanism available at www.rtiodisha.gov.in with these centres to facilitate the service. The state government has bagged national awards for e-governance for 2011-12 for IT intervention in implementing RTI. Besides RTI services, government will also impart information about important government policies and programmes. Nodal officer for RTI Odisha P K Jena recently chaired a meeting to finalise blueprints of the strategy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17108549", "title": "Shanaishchara puja in Dubai", "text": "MANGALORE: Devotees in Dubai will soon get a chance to take part in Sri Shanaishchara puja, which will be held under the leadership of Odiyoor Sri Gurudevadatta Samsthanam seer Sri Gurudevananda Swami on an Arabian shores for the first time.Shri Shanaishchara Seva Samiti, an organisation of Hindu devotees in Dubai, is gearing up to hold Shri Shanaishchara puja at JSS School auditorium on Dubai Sheikh Zaid Road in Dubai on November 23. Other than Odiyoor seer, Sadhvi Sri Mathanandamayi of the mutt will also bless the occasion. All religious rituals including prathishtapane, pravachana and mahamangalarati will be performed by Gurudevananda Swami.Karnoor Mohan Rai, one of the coordinators, told TOI that about 400-500 families in Dubai are expected to take part in the puja.\"More devotees are expected to take part in the puja this year, as Sri Gurudevananda Swami is leading the rituals in Dubai for the first time. The programme will be organiszed under the leadership of noted NRI entrepreneur and Mangalorean BR Shetty. This is for the second year that Shanaishchara puja is being held in Dubai. As many as 1,000 devotees had taken part when pooja was held for the first time last year,\" Mohan said.The main objective of organizing puja is for 'shanidosha nivarana', which is to solve all problems of devotees there.\"It is difficult for devotees in Dubai to visit their home town every year to participate in Shanaischara pujas. Hence, the programme in Dubai will be of great help for devotees to offer prayers in Dubai itself. All devotees will be given opportunity to light gingili oil lamp during the puja,\" he said and added that the seer will be welcomed to the programme venue in a traditional manner. Noted Haridasa Sri Vadeesha Acharya will present 'Harikatha Kalakshepa' as part of the programme, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17107640", "title": "Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation starts distributing industrial plots to land affected persons", "text": "NASHIK: The Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) has started distributing developed industrial plots to land affected persons (LAPs) impacted due to development projects.There are 206 LAPs of which plots have been granted to 85, according to MIDC officials. The remaining 121 LAPs will be given developed plots over the next few months. The move has been made as per state policy for land acquisition, according to which, around 15% of land acquired for industries and five % of land acquired for commercial use by the district collector is allotted to LAPs. These plots of land would not require \"NA\" (non-agricultural) use permission from revenue authorities.\"We have already started allotting ready industrial plots to the land-affected persons. Out of 206 LAPs, the developed (levelled) industrial plots have been allotted to around 85 persons, while they will be allotted to the rest of the 121 LAPs once the land acquisition is over.These groups are from the Musalgaon and Gulvanch areas in Sinnar tehsil,\" a senior MIDC official said adding that employment generation is the major objective of both the MIDC as well as the state government. The MIDC is continuously making efforts to achieve this objective. The district collector, who is head of the district land acquisition committee, acquires barren land which is beneficial for the industry. The MIDC coordinates with the collectorate on the acquistion process.\"Farmers have a misunderstanding with MIDC regardingacquisition procedures. But it should be made clear that MIDC has no policy to acquire irrigated land in any condition. If there is any irrigated land adjacent to barren land, the irrigated portion is left out during acquisition. Moreover, the LAPs will also get 15 or 5% of the commercial plots,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "17109722", "title": "Six arrested for vehicle theft", "text": "KENDRAPADA: Police on Monday said they have busted a gang of bike and truck lifters with the arrest of six criminals in Kendrapada and Kujang.Police said the accused, who were arrested on Sunday, were involved in several vehicle theft cases in Kendrapada, Paradeep, Jajpur and other parts of the state. Police also seized six stolen bikes and an oil tanker from them, said SP (Kendrapada) Sarthak Sarangi.The six arrested persons were identified as Litu Nayak, Biswajit Mishra, Satyaban Swain of Kujang and Pradumanya Prasad Behera of Kendrapada, Subrata Mohapatra of Jajpur and Ramesh Chandra Das of Badachana.The SP said the accused were involved in one truck and one oil tanker theft cases. They sold away the stolen truck to some one in West Bengal. But police recovered the stolen oil tanker from Bhubaneswar. They looted both the vehicles after brandishing revolvers at the drivers and helpers last month in Balichandrapur village near the NH-5(A), Sarangi added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17107205", "title": "Air India flight with Haj pilgrims make emergency landing at Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: An Air India plane with 400 Haj pilgrims onboard made an emergency landing at the NSC Bose International Airport here on Monday night after its fire alarm suddenly went off due to a technical glitch.The Boeing 747 aircraft landed safely at 10.45pm, airport sources said.The plane from Jeddah, Saudi Arabia was scheduled to land at 11.10pm but the pilot sought to make emergency landing when the fire alarm went off due to some technical glitch, they said.All the passengers were safe, the sources said. Meanwhile, another Air India flight, carrying Mizoram chief minister Lal Thanhawla, to Aizawl from here had to return to Kolkata at about 2.20pm when it failed to land in Aizawl due to bad weather.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17109701", "title": "Indian players' form a worry ahead of series against England", "text": "WHILE the selectors played it safe for the series against England, the performances of some players in the last five Tests don't send a chill down the visitors' spine. TOI analyses the performances of the men who matter.GAMBHIR AND SEHWAGSehwag scored a patient hundred for Delhi on Monday. But he has been struggling for runs for some time. His last Test hundred came in 2010. Gambhir too last scored a Test hundred against Bangladesh, in January 2010. But as an opening pair, they're India's most successful. Can they revive this firm and give India the starts they need?OVERALL PARTNERSHIP FIGURESInnings- 81; Runs-4110 ; Avg-52 .69; 100-10 Last 5 Tests: Inn 9; Runs-217 ; Avg-24 ; 100-0INDIVIDUAL FIGURESVIRENDER SEHWAG: Overall stats M-98 ; Runs-8306 ; Avg-50 .64; 100-22 Last Five Tests: Runs-252 ; Avg-28 ; 100-0GAUTAM GAMBHIR: Overall stats M-50 ; Runs-3770 ; Avg-44 .35; 100-9 ; Last 5 Tests: Runs- 223; Avg-24 .77; 100-0ISHANT SHARMA:A talent that has gone astray. A revelation in West Indies, he was horrific in Australia despite bowling on responsive pitches and just failed to make the batsmen play. Is making a comeback post ankle surgery.OVERALL STATSM-45 ; Wkts-133 ; Avg-37 .87 Last five Tests: Wkts-6 ; Avg-91 .66M VIJAY:Makes the team as a back-up opener. He had a poor tour of West Indies and was discarded from the side for a year or so. Has a problem with the short pitched delivery. His 266 in the Irani Trophy paved the way for his comeback.OVERALL STATSM-12 ; Runs-609 ; Hs-139 ; Avg-30 .45; 100-1 Last 5 Tests: Runs-276 ; Avg-27 .6; 100-1HARBHAJAN SINGH:Was expected to lead the spin department once Anil Kumble retired, but the obsession with economy made him bowl too flat. Got injured in England and hasn't played Tests for India since August 2011.OVERALL STATSM-98 ; Wkts-406 ; Avg-32 .22; Last 5 Tests: Wkts-13 ; Avg-43.53ZAHEER KHAN:The spearhead of the bowling attack and the man who is the guiding light for young bowlers like Umesh Yadav. His performances and fitness haven't been great and if the milestone of 300 Test wickets wasn't in sight, he may well have called it quits, as his fitness is really dodgy.OVERALL STATSM-85 ; Wkts-291 ; Best 7/87; Avg-32 .06; 5w-10 ; 10w-1 Last 5 Tests: Wkts-11 ; Best 11; Avg-47 .81; 5w-0 ; 10w-0.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17109865", "title": "2 contradictory reports correct: MYH suptd", "text": "INDORE: In another twist to a ragging controversy over the woman jail inmate, who was found pregnant in one report and not in the second one, MY Hospital superintendent said both reports were correct.Talking to media here on Monday, MYH Superintendent Dr P S Thakur said, \"Both reports, including the first report in which the woman inmate was found pregnant and the second report wherein the doctors found she was not pregnant-- were correct.\" After the first report, the MYH superintendent set up a board of five doctors on October 22, which declared that the woman is not pregnant.However, Dr Thakur did not divulge other details saying, \"I have received facts and will give my reply to the court.\" Pleading anonymity, an expert in the field, said Dr Thakur's statement clearly indicated that the pregnancy was terminated on the MYH premises. Whether it was forced or due to natural reason, it is to be found out, he added.Jhabua collector Jaishree Kiyawat, who has been assigned the responsibility of conducting a probe into the issue by the DG jail said, \"I have received the opinion of the divisional medical board and have forwarded the same to the probe panel which is investigating the matter. The panel has been given three weeks' time.\"On the order of the district court, a jail inmate from Jhabua, who was serving term for the past 10 months, was brought to MYH's mental hospital on September 10. During the medical check-up at the mental hospital on October 16, doctors found the woman has five-week pregnancy. After hue and cry, MYH superintendent set up a board of five doctors which was supposed to examine the matter. The board concluded that she is not pregnant.A third divisional bench, constituted in the wake of contradictory reports, was believed to have reported that the woman was not pregnant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17108543", "title": "Trust seeks official guidelines to organize 'Kori Katta'", "text": "MANGALORE: A group of likeminded people on apolitical lines has formed Tulu Samskruthi Samrakshana Mathu Samvardhana Trust - Karnataka, with an aim to uphold time-tested traditions of Tulunadu - especially the folk sport of 'kori katta' (cockfight) that is organized on the sidelines of annual festivals of several temples and daivasthanas in Dakshina Kannada and Udupi districts and to seek official guidelines for organizing such events.Dayanand Adyar, general secretary of the trust said there is a sense of suspicion in the minds of the authorities about the conduct of 'kori katta'. \"These fights are going on in places such as Kepu, Kurnadu for ages,\" he said. \"Local police give oral permission to organizers to hold them and later on raid the place on instructions from their senior officers. In many cases, devotees coming to such fairs have been unnecessarily harassed,\" he added.President of the trust Shashiraj Shetty Kolambe said lack of clarity in the minds of authorities concerned on the issue of holding 'kori katta' is leading to needles confusion for all stakeholders. \"The trust and its office bearers will take full responsibility to ensure that no stakes are involved on kori kattas held at religious events,\" he said, adding it is imperative that the administration spells out its stand clearly and unambiguously on the issue.Santhosh Shetty Boliyaru, zilla panchayat member of the BJP said the trust has no issues to pick with the police if they crack down on gambling conducted at kori kattas.\"The trust will hold a mass public rally in the city in December to voice its support for clarity on the issue. We have support from leaders of various communities .\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17109681", "title": "CM, Chandrabhan gung ho after rally", "text": "JAIPUR: Chief minister Ashok Gehlot and the state Congress is upbeat after Sunday's Delhi rally, as a successive third impressive gathering from the state was displayed before UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi . To Gehlot and party's credit, the large turn out of supporters at Delhi came close on the heels with the successful rallies organised at Barmer and Dudu in August and October.Chief minister Gehlot claimed more than a lakh people from Rajasthan were present at the Delhi rally called as a counter-offensive to Opposition parties' allegations of corruption against the Congress-led UPA-II government. According to the reports received from the check-posts for the rally set up by the state Congress on the Jaipur-Delhi national highway, nearly 2,300 buses and 30 rail coaches carried people for the rally, besides the hundreds of personal vehicles pooled in by the party leaders to reach the venue. Eyewitness accounts said largest turn out for the rally was from Haryana and Rajasthan, the two Congress ruled states in neighbourhood of Delhi.Congress state president Chandrabhan said the people's 'enthusiastic participation' in the rally was indicative of the party returning to power in the December 2013 assembly elections.Sources said the Congress central leadership has indicated that the upcoming assembly elections in states where it was in power would be contested under the leadership of its current chief ministers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "satara", "code": "17108802", "title": "Cop shoots himself dead in Satara", "text": "SATARA: Devidas Kale (48), a police inspector with the Phaltan (rural) police station, shot himself in the head with his service revolver at his flat in Satara on Monday morning.Police found a suicide note in Kale's flat, which said that he was ending his life due to his health problems and regret over some decisions he had taken in his life.Deputy superintendent of police (Satara) Satish Jadhav told TOI that around 10 am on Monday, Kale's colleagues went to his residence to check on him as he had not answered their phone calls since morning.When the policemen reached Kale's flat at Tej apartment in Swami Vivekanandnagar, they found that the door was locked from inside. They rang the doorbell, but there was no response. They broke open the door and found Kale lying in a pool of blood on his bed. \"They found his service revolver near the body,\" Jadhav said.Jadhav said that Kale was living alone in Phaltan; his wife and children stay in Mumbai.A case of accidental death has been registered in this regard. Superintendent of police (Satara) K M M Prasanna and additional superintendent of police Amol Tambe visited the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17108823", "title": "GSPCB's nod for pet coke transportation by road", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa State Pollution Control Board (GSPCB) on Monday permitted J K cement to evacuate the 48,654 metric tonnes of petroleum coke by road, subject to certain conditions. The company had requested the board that they be permitted to evacuate the petroleum coke from the Mormugao Port Trust (MPT) due to severe logistical and financial difficulties in evacuating it by rail.The GSPCB's condition stated that while transporting the petroleum coke, the MPT should permit a maximum number of 50 trucks to leave its premises per day and ensure that adequate water is sprayed through sprinklers during the loading activity. \"Ambient air quality monitoring will be conducted by the board when the coal/coke is being removed from the stack yard located behind berth No. 11. The cost of the said monitoring shall be born by the MPT,\" the order stated.GSPCB member secretary Levinson Martins said that if the ambient air quality monitoring indicates that the levels of air pollution exceed the permissible limits, then the board will immediately direct the suspension of removal of coal/coke from the stack yard. The MPT shall also ensure that the removal of the coke is completed by January 5, the order stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17109450", "title": "Noida e-way mishaps highlight the importance of holistic planning", "text": "The alarming regularity with which accidents are occurring on the Noida-Greater Noida expressway and the fact that a large proportion of them prove fatal, highlights the importance of holistic planning in building and running such roads. Allowing for fast movement of traffic may be the primary goal of expressways, but they also have to ensure that speed does not come at the expense of safety. That means incorporating a lot of features at the planning stage, like adequate lighting and signage. It also means strictly enforcing traffic discipline so that those who violate the rules do not put themselves and others at serious risk.Related story : 4 deaths in 5 days: How safe is Noida e-way?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17108477", "title": "University students unleash their talent", "text": "MYSORE: EMRC auditorium in Manasagangotri is in festive mood for three days from Monday, for University of Mysore is organizing an inter-collegiate cultural and literary competitions to encourage young talents.Around thousand UG and PG students from 186 colleges in Hassan, Mandya, Chamarajanagar and Mysore districts are vying for honours.Besides the contestants, there are also hundreds of students to cheer them. Student welfare department assistant director B M Shailaja said this is a platform for students to showcase their talent and get an exposure to similar competitions in future.Competitions like classical vocal music, instrumental, folk, western and light music, dance, group singing, film hits, debate, elocution, clay modeling, mime and other competitions have been spread over three days.The winners will represent UoM at university-level competitions. Experts will train them for 15 days so they can participate in south-zone inter-university cultural competitions scheduled for December. If UG students win at the inter-university competitions, they stand a chance to get PG seat under culture quota.Speaking about the competition, Chandan M Achar, II BA student of Maharaja's College, said that the event is a good platform for UG students to show their talent. \"If we win in south zone, we can take part in national-level competitions. At the same time, there is a probability for us to get PG seat under culture quota,\" he added.MSW student Karthik Kumar J D said the event not only gives them a chance to showcase their talent, but also builds their confidence and sporting attitude.The competitions are held at five venues: Lalithakala College, statistics department seminar hall, EMRC auditorium, Einstein auditorium and Senate Bhavan. Tuesday's contests: Ekanka Nataka, Jaheerathu rachane, Prahasana, quiz, Kannada debate, Kannada elocution, mimicry, drawing (using bits of paper), Bharateeya Vrindagana and clay modeling. Wednesday's contests: Folk dance, English debate, English elocution, rangoli, and mime show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17107878", "title": "Cop beaten up for asking youths not to drink in public", "text": "NEW DELHI: Asking two youths not to drink near a Metro station in the Dwarka area of southwest Delhi cost a 23-year-old policeman dear. The youths smashed their beer bottles on him, stabbed him with the broken halves and also attacked him with a knife. The injured policeman has been admitted to a hospital.Police said one of the culprits was arrested after a chase shortly after the crime while the other was caught later. They have been identified as Vijay Kumar, a native of Jind in Haryana, and Amit Kumar alias Moni from Dwarka.Constable Sunil Kumar was reportedly attacked when he was heading back to the Dwarka Sector 9 police station, where he is posted, from a nearby Metro station.As per his statement, he heard foul words spoken loudly from behind the pavement, on reaching Sector 20. He saw two strapping youths creating a ruckus with beer bottles in their hands. Some chips and snacks were kept in a polythene bag beside a nearby pillar.Sunil, police said, asked the youths to leave as it is illegal to assemble and consume liquor in a public place. An argument followed and it turned nasty when Sunil dialled 100 and informed the police control room. He was stabbed on the left side of his abdomen and the arms, and also kicked and punched. When he fell on the ground, he was stabbed with a knife in the back, near the spine.However, a police team arrived on time and chased the accused who were riding a bike. They were arrested under Section 307 of IPC (attempt to murder) and have been sent to judicial custody.This is the seventh incident of a Delhi policeman being attacked in recent months. In October-end, two cops were assaulted in Rohini and their uniforms were torn off. In Ranhola, a policeman was beaten up for asking a car driver to stop flashing the indicator unnecessarily.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "17108706", "title": "Mapusa task force: Residents irked over their exclusion", "text": "MAPUSA: Concerned citizens of Mapusa under the banner of Mapusa Nagrikancho Ekvott (MNE) have protested the government's failure to give representation to any NGO or the Mapusa public in the task force for Mapusa.\"We wish to record our protest at the manner in which the planning for the city is being carried out,\" said MNE members addressing a press conference in Mapusa on Monday.The state government has reconstituted the task force for Mapusa with urban development minister and Mapusa MLA Francisco D'Souza as its chairman. Other members include representatives of communidade, NGPDA, architects, prominent citizens etc. The task force is supposed to draw up a comprehensive plan for the town's development.MNE said that during their recent meeting with Francisco D'Souza they were assured that they will be taken into confidence when drawing up plans for the future development of Mapusa for people friendly planning.\"To our great surprise and consternation, we read in the newspapers that task force has been constituted and notified without any representation given to this association which has members who are genuinely concerned about the well being of the city,\" said Antonio Lobo, MNE convenor.Recently, the Mapusa municipal council held a meeting with concerned citizens for suggestions which were to be forwarded to the government-appointed task force for Mapusa for the town's development over the next 25 years.Citizens had demanded the shifting of petrol pumps from the town to the outskirts, better parking facilities, broader roads, footpaths, proper water supply and garbage management. \"They don't want the cooperation of citizens, they want to develop the city according to their wishes and peoples suggestions mean nothing at all to them,\" Lobo said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17107775", "title": "He brings nature alive on canvas", "text": "KOCHI: Fierce eyes, cool stares and greenery will greet you as you enter the Durbar Hall art gallery to watch the painting exhibition of wildlife painter Thomas Kallarackal, 'My Heart'.This nature and trekking enthusiast, who is based in Bangalore, started painting at the age of five and soon got hooked to the wonders of nature.\"I had to walk a lot from school and that gave me the time to reflect on the beauty of nature, which has been a great source of my imagination,\" said Thomas.The biggest frame among his collection is the painting of an African elephant, which took him an year to complete. Measuring 6x8 feet, the painting was sold for Rs10 lakh on the second day of the exhibition. Apart from the paintings on animals, green fields, trees, shaded forest paths, there are many more paintings here on various subjects. This is his 25th exhibition, but Thomas hasn't so far received an award or any kind of recognition. However, many celebrities like Maneka Gandhi, actors Mohanlal and Dileep are among his clientele.His collection includes paintings of tigers, which he says he did to express solidarity with the efforts being put in to conserve that animal. The exhibition is on till Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17109847", "title": "DAVV department head resigns after alleged misbehaviour", "text": "INDORE: The head of the physical education department of Devi Ahilya University resigned from the post after alleged misbehaviour and use of abusive language by one of the juniors.The incident took place at the university teaching department campus when the PhD entrance examination were being held. Rakesh Solanki, appointed as a lecturer, allegedly misbehaved and abused colleagues and then HoD physical education, Deepak Mehta in front of the university authorities including registrar, deputy registrar and dean students' welfare.According to sources, Solanki had earlier too misbehaved with his seniors. He is said to be influential too.\"Solanki was abusing one of the employees. When I stopped him from doing so, he started abusing me for no reason and tried to manhandle me. No one can work under such environment, so I resigned from the post,\" said Mehta.Meanwhile, a complaint has been registered with Bhanwarkua police station against Solanki and the vice- chancellor of the university. M S Parmar, public relation officer of the university said, \"A committee has been constituted to probe the incident and appropriate action will be taken against the accused if allegation levelled are proved.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "17108886", "title": "Civil supplies director denies role of her inspectors", "text": "PONDA: Claiming that they only provide storage to the education department, civil supplies director Shabari Manjrekar on Monday has denied involvement of any of her inspectors in the illegal rice hoarding case.She has sought a detailed report of the rice supplied to the various self help groups (SHGs) on Monday.She was commenting on the recent incident of seizure of about 400 bags of rice hoarded illegally by a person at Ponda on Friday. The Ponda police have sealed the godown with the bags of the grain and deputed police staff to protect it.Manjrekar said that as the education department has no storage facility with them, the civil supplies provide the service of storing rice allotted to the midday meals for schools under the public distribution system (PDS).\"We only store the grains and release it to the SHGs as per written instructions of the vocational education officer who is also a nodal officer for the scheme,\" Manjrekar told to TOI.The arrested accused- owner of the godown, Sachin Naik, a resident of Nagzar-Curti in Ponda; truck owner Jyotiba Bordekar, 36, and truck driver Vitthal Kastore, 32, - both residents of Yellapur-Karnataka are remanded to five0day police custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17109163", "title": "Fire breaks out in illegal shoe godown", "text": "GUWAHATI: A massive fire broke out at a shoe godown situated in a residential apartment at Machkhowa here on Monday. Though no casualty was reported in the incident, the district administration is now trying to find out how was a shoe godown being operated in a residential place.Five fire tender vehicles, which were rushed to the spot, struggled for over two hours to douse the fire. However, the source of the fire is yet to be ascertained.\"Neighbours informed the fire services after they saw smoke coming out of the first floor of the apartment. It was later found out that the fire had broken out at a shoe godown which belonged to one Bharat Gopal Bimriwal and his associates. However, running a godown in a residential area is restricted. We are checking the papers,\" said an official of Kamrup (metro) district administration.On the other hand, residents of the area alleged that the godown had been set up illegally in the area.\"It is not the first case of this sort. Several apartments in the area have illegal godowns. The shopkeepers of Fancy Bazaar have kept their warehouses in several houses here without the knowledge of district administration,\" said Bikash Gupta, a local. The loss due to the fire is yet to be ascertained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17109369", "title": "He wants Dark Knight to rise again", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Last month before leaving for Thiruvananthapuram on a four-month vacation, Gopal Pillai made use of the provision for early ballot to cast his vote for Barack Obama . Though Pillai had missed voting in several past elections, this one was different. The neck and neck race by Obama and Romney has gained a sense of urgency among voters now.\"I don't mind saying that my vote is for Obama. Though I don't have any political affiliations, I have been a supporter of Democrats. Their policies are more pragmatic than those of Republicans. The Republicans' strategy is to make rich richer and trickle down the benefit of growth to lower rungs,\" Gopal Pillai told TOI in his house at West Poonkulam, near here. \"It is fair to give a second chance for Obama especially since he had inherited a turbulent financial situation in 2008. I think even Obama didn't give any thrust to that factor during the campaign,\" said Pillai.Gopal Pillai, who was an officer with the Indian Railways, migrated to the US in 1971. Armed with a Master's degree in civil engineering and work experience in diverse conditions such as remote villages in West Bengal and wartorn fields in East Nigeria, Pillai thought he would find an easy job in the US. \"But my calculations went wrong when potential employers turned down my resume citing lack of local qualification and local experience,\" he said.Undeterred, the 35-year-old man from Kollam decided to cling on to unknown territory and build a new life brick by brick. \"I had to work as a waiter and as a security guard initially before the land lord of a high-rise building where I had been working as a guard recognised by engineering qualifications. He gave me the job of a junior engineer. Along with that job, I pursued MS and completed it,\" said Pillai. From that point, there was no going back. He took over leading consultancy, Sheladiya Associates, where 200 engineers had been working and ran it for several years. He had also led Stanley Consulting and helped it to establish an Indian division.Gopal Pillai recalls the campaign of Richard Nixon in 1972 which was rocking the US when he had been struggling to find a living there. Nixon won with a huge majority but had to step down soon following Watergate scandal. When Bill Clinton ran for the presidency for the first time, Gopal Pillai was part of the campaigning. \"There was a selfish motive too as I was probing a chance to become one of the presidential appointees after the poll,\" he confessed. After that, he never indulged actively in any campaign.Pillai, who is spending his vacation with wife Nalini Pillai here, will return to Annandale in Virginia where he is settled by March, next year. So, whose win will be good for India? \"Obama, obviously,\" answers Pillai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17107672", "title": "Kikwi water project cost likely to almost double owing to land acquisition rates", "text": "NASHIK: Delayed by three years due to land acquisition procedures, funds for the Kikwi Peyajal project near Trimbakeshwar, around 8km upstream of the Gangapur dam is likely to be more than double due to a rise in land prices. A proposal in this regard has been sent to the government by the city's water resources department.The project, meant exclusively for catering to the drinking water needs of Nashik city, had also recently come under fire with allegations from the opposition that the tender was issued on July 13, 2009 by the Godavari-Marathwada Irrigation Development Corporation even before the state government or governor sanctioned the proposal.Officials of the water resources department said that the increasing population of the city and consequently the demands for drinking water made it necessary to construct a medium project dam in Kikwi. Also, due to increased silt accumulation at the 58-year-old Gangapur dam its storage capacity had reduced over the years.The governor had sanctioned the Kikwi proposal on August 14, 2009 and the state had sanctioned Rs 283.54 crore on August 26, 2009.\"The project is to be constructed on 933 ha (hectare) land from ten villages including 173.46 ha of forest land. We have completed the joint measurement of the land with the land acquisition officers. We have given an alternative land to the forest department at Yeola, which is pending state and Centre approval,\" said sub-divisional officer of minor irrigation, water resources department, A S Tiwari.Department officials said that they had asked for the state government's permission to floating tenders on May 18, 2009 and had been granted the permission at secretarial level. They said that they had taken administrative sanction after that.\"Tenders were floated on July 13, 2009 and were opened on August 29, 2009. A letter of intent was given to the contractor on October 27, 2009. We have not yet issued the work order. We have given the reply to Tawde along with the essential documents to prove our claim,\" said section engineer Ratnakar Suryawanshi.Tiwari said that on August 8, 2012, the department had presented the proposal for funds for land acquisition based on the rates of year 2011-2012 but irrigation ministerand executive director of Godavari-Marathwada Irrigation Development Corporation, Sunil Tatkare, had rejected it and had asked for fresh estimation based on land rates of year 2012-2013. \"The land rates then were Rs 10 lakhs per ha while today it is Rs 27 lakhs per ha. We sent the fresh proposal to the state government last week,\" said Tiwari. The officials said that the increase in land rates would also increase the total cost and that they were working on the revised rates.According to conservative estimates, the project cost is now likely to escalate from Rs 283.54 crore to about Rs 500 crore.On March 15, at a public hearing in the district collector's office, farmers demanded that they be given the rates for their lands and also employ one member of their families in government offices. The officials said that the decision will be taken at higher level as per rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "17109226", "title": "Boost to seamless Thane-Mumbai auto ride plan", "text": "THANE: After much delay, it finally appears that travelling between Thane and Mumbai by autorickshaw will be a seamless affair. At a recent meeting, representatives of unions, the police and RTO officials agreed to allow autos from Mumbai to enter Thane\u00e2\u20ac\u201dand vice-versa\u00e2\u20ac\u201dwithout halts at the check nakas.Till now, auto drivers would ask passengers to get off at the Modella (LBS Marg) and Anand Nagar (Eastern Express Highway) check nakas citing RTO rules and alleged police/RTO harassment.\"The matter has been resolved and it will now be a seamless ride. Autos registered in the Mumbai Metropolitan Region can ply from Mumbai to Thane, Navi Mumbai or Kalyan without any interruption. But for some reason, auto drivers in Mumbai and Thane have created some kind of a 'Wagah border' in Mulund, refusing to cross over to the other side,\" said Sanjay Kelkar, former BJP MLC who organized the meeting.While some drivers have started complying, commuters complained that many still refused to cross over. Mitali Kadam, a passenger, was forced to alight on the highway by the driver of a Thane auto and take a Mumbai-registered threewheeler. \"Such harassment must stop.\"Thane RTO N K Patil said under the rules, if a Thane-registered auto enters Mumbai, the driver must take only Thanebound passengers during the return trip. This is done to ensure that the business of local drivers is not affected. \"But they do not need any permit or sanction to cross the check nakas,\" he asserted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17111141", "title": "Sohail steps out of Salman's shadow", "text": "Salman Khan's proteges are breaking free of his reassuring grip. After Katrina teamed up with his arch rival Shah Rukh Khan, younger brother Sohail is going solo. And that too with someone who's had a famous falling out with him.Sohail has teamed up with Anees Bazmee who walked out of Ready following an ugly spat with Salman on the Bangkok sets- for the remake of a South film. And the film will not star Salman. Bazmee confirmed the news and said, \"I am talking to Sohail for a South remake. Right now, I am in Cochin. Sohail and I will meet again as soon as I return. But it's too early to say anything more about the film at this point.\" The industry has reacted to this development with shock and surprise. It was while shooting the climax scenes of Ready that Bazmee and Salman had a verbal pow wow on the sets, following which Bazmee abandoned the shoot and returned to Mumbai. Choreographer Raju Khan had taken over the mantle.A friend of Sohail defended Salman, \"How many films can Salman do? He has worked his butt off since the past four years. Sohail can certainly make a film without him.\" Apparently, Salman has told Sohail he has no issues with his collaboration with Bazmee, and that he does not mind not playing the lead in the project.A source close to the developments added, \"It will have newcomers in the lead with two actors in the 50-55 age group. It is expected to go on floors in the first quarter of 2013.\" One wonders about the fate of Boney Kapoor's No Entry Mein Entry which Bazmee has been writing for the longest time. Trade pundits have been speculating that Salman won't be part of this film either, what with Bazmee at the helm of affairs. Bazmee however remains optimistic about Sallu's entry in No Entry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17108865", "title": "Sanskriti Express chugs in with Tagore trivia", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The greatness and versatility of great litterateur and poet Rabindra Nath Tagore came alive as 'Sanskriti Express', the train showcasing the illustrious trajectory of his life, stationed at Allahabad railway junction. People came to see the exhibition offering insight into his life.This train with five coaches is an exhibition on wheels, featuring Tagore's legacy in literature, music and painting. The first coach, 'Jibon Smriti' exhibits photographs of the Nobel Prize winner with his family and his experiences at Shantiniketan. The mood was further enhanced by Rabindrasangeet playing in the background along with the maestro's childhood through photographs.The second coach 'Gitanjali' showcased his Nobel-prize winning work and other songs, verses and poems. The third coach Muktodhara featured short stories, novels, dramas, prose and essays. Also on display are letters to Mahatma Gandhi, Romain Rolland and to Lord Chelmsford renouncing his knighthood following the Jallianwala Bagh massacre.The 'Chitralekha' coach displays paintings, portraits and sketches by Tagore, along with paintings by other artists such as Nandlal Bose, Sudhir Khastagir, etc. The last coach 'Sesh Katha' features photographs of the last days of Tagore's life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17109351", "title": "HC gives four more days for TV digitization", "text": "CHENNAI: In its race against time to complete digitization of cable TV services, Chennai got four more days to make the switch with the Madras high court on Monday extending the deadline to November 9. But the new deadline is unlikely to help as Chennai lags far behind other metros with just about 60% digitization and the Tamil Nadu government has written to the Centre seeking time till December 31 to complete the process.Hearing petitions opposing immediate transition from analogue cable TV to digital access system (DAS), Justice N Paul Vasasnthakumar extended the deadline as an interim measure. When the matter was taken up, the Centre filed a counter-affidavit stating the Tamil Nadu chief secretary had sent a letter on October 16 requesting that the digitalization deadline for Chennai be extended to December 31 as the state-run Arasu Cable TV Corporation Ltd has floated a tender for procuring one lakh set-top boxes (STBs), mandatory under the new system, for supply during the first year but their supply would take time.The letter said the first tender process had to be cancelled as the bidders quoted a high price and a fresh tender was floated. The process would take at least 15 days, and the vendor would require another six weeks for the delivery of the equipment, the chief secretary had said. However, counsel for Arasu on Monday informed the court that vendors had informed the government that they would require at least 18 weeks to start delivery of the equipment.Senior central government standing counsel S Haja Mohideen Gisthi referred to the state government's request for extension up to December 31, 2012, and said the Centre would consider it if the submission was filed in the form of an affidavit in court.The Centre's counter-affidavit informed the court that digitization was required in view of inconvenience caused by cable operators who used electric posts and burdened viewers with high monthly charges. The digital access system would enable the Centre to monitor service providers through the built-in addressability provision, it said.The Cable Television Networks (Regulation) Amendment Act, 2011 mandated implementation of DAS, and it was notified on November 11, 2011. In the first of the four phases, the four metros - Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata and Chennai - were to undergo complete digital switchover by October 31, 2012. While the three other cities have gone digital since midnight of October 31, in Chennai the deadline was extended to November 5 by the high court on a petition from federation of cable operators' associations. Now the deadline has yet again been extended, this time up to November 9.By the next hearing date, the high court wants all multi-sytem operators to be impleaded as parties to the proceedings. After hearing them all, a suitable deadline could be arrived at in view of the MSOs' claim that set-top boxes were in short supply and they would have to be imported.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17107131", "title": "2 cops booked for beating teen to death", "text": "MUMBAI: Two constables from Tilak Nagar police station in Chembur have been booked on murder charges, following the death of a teenager on Sunday. The constables haven't been arrested yet as the teen's autopsy report is awaited. Witnesses said the deceased, Kalyan Salve, had been thrashed by one of the cops.Krishna, 17, was playing with his cousins, Krishna Salve, 24, and Shyamkumar Yadav, 24, at Ambedkar Nagar in Ghatkopar late on Sunday. Local residents said that the two constables who were passing by on a bike assumed that the boys\u00e2\u20ac\u201dwho were pushing each other around\u00e2\u20ac\u201dwere having a fight. On spotting the cops, the three boys took to their heels. The constables followed them on their bike and hit them with a baton.\"While Krishna and Shyamkumar had minor injuries, Kalyan suffered a severe blow to his head. He lost consciousness and was rushed to the Rajawadi Hospital where he died on Monday,\" a local said.Around 100 locals gheraoed the Rajawadi Hospital and later the Tilak Nagar police station on Monday after Kalyan's death. Only after the police assured them of an impartial probe did the crowd claim the body. The autopsy will be conducted at JJ Hospital and will be video-recorded. \"Though we registered a murder case based on a complaint from the deceased's family, it is being said that the boy could have died following an epileptic attack,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17107520", "title": "Enjoy the showers for 2 more days", "text": "KOLKATA: Love it or hate it, the surprise November showers are here to stay for at least two more days.According to the Met office , the city and other parts of south Bengal will receive light to moderate rain in the next 48 hours under the impact of a low pressure that has been causing the showers since Saturday. It is actually an impact of Nilam that made landfall in the Tamil Nadu coast last Wednesday. The cyclonic storm did not cause the kind of damage that was apprehended, but it has left its trail in parts of south Bengal in the form of intermittent drizzles.\"A trough of low pressure has developed across West Bengal. This trough, extending from Andhra Pradesh to North Eastern states across West Bengal , will continue to trigger light rain in the next 48 hours in different parts of south Bengal, including Kolkata,\" said G C Debnath, the director of Regional Meteorological Centre, Kolkata.The city will continue to experience pleasant weather with day temperature hovering below the normal mark. The maximum temperature is expected to hover around the 30\u00c2\u00b0C mark, two notches below normal. The night temperature, however, will remain slightly above normal at about 23\u00c2\u00b0C.Weather experts said there is nothing unusual about November rain. According to them, the latter part of October and the whole of November is the post-monsoon season. This transition phase between monsoon and winter can witness rain triggered by factors like cyclonic storms. Though doctors are concerned about the rain causing health hazards, Kolkatans are not complaining about the pleasant weather.\"The rain has come as a pleasant surprise and I am loving it. The nip in the air could be a signal that winter is around the corner. We had beautiful weather during Durga Puja and I hope we have a pleasant winter this year,\" smiled Srijita Biswas of Salk Lake.Floods in the Vijaywada division of South Central Railway in the aftermath of Nilam and inundation of tracks in Visakhapatnam in the Vijaywada section has affected train services to the southern parts of the country from Howrah. According to a South Eastern Railway official, the 12839 Howrah-Chennai Mail was cancelled on Monday. The 18615 Howrah-Hatia Express was also cancelled due to non-availability of a link rake. The corresponding 18616 Hatia-Howrah Express will remain cancelled on Tuesday.\"The 12703 Howrah-Secunderabad Falaknuma Express, 12841 Howrah-Chennai Coromandel Express and 12665 Howrah-Kannyakumari Express have been rescheduled. Seven trains towards Howrah, Bhagalpur and Purulia from the south are running via Ballarsah-Nagpur-Bilaspur-Jharsuguda-Tatanagar and Kharagpur instead of their scheduled one. They are likely to be delayed,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "17108789", "title": "Belgaum tourists robbed at Calangute beach", "text": "CALANGUTE: A group of tourists from Belgaum were robbed of their belongings which they had left behind in their parked car at Calangute beach on Sunday.Vidhyadhar Deshpande of Belgaum had come down to Goa for an outing along with his family members in a Maruti car. When they reached Calangute on Sunday morning at around 10.30am, they parked the car and went to the beach to enjoy themselves after leaving some of their belongings in the car.On returning to the car they found that some unknown persons had robbed a wallet containing 8,500, five mobile phones, a driving licence, PAN card, five debit cards, all worth 46,500.The Calangute police have registered an offence under Section 379, IPC, and are conducting further investigations. In another incident, the body of an unknown male person was found lying on the rocks at Sinquerim-Candolim on Sunday. The police were yet to identify the person. The body has been preserved at the GMC morgue, while a case has been registered under Section 174 IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17108275", "title": "Down in the dumps: Balaji security service gets MCG sanitation deal", "text": "GURGAON: The Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) has yet again extended the contract of Balaji security service for a period of three months to carry out sanitation work in 19 colonies that come under it, at a cost of Rs 26 lakh per month. It seems MCG has completely ignored the questionable record of the agency.Sources indicate that the contract has been extended even though the agency does not have the necessary manpower and machinery. \"The amount of clout the owner enjoys within MCG is unimaginable. If the authorities are serious about getting rid of this agency, they can easily speed up the process of getting a new contractor. But they have been giving extension after extension to this agency for so many months now. The contract requires that the agency should have 300 sanitation workers, 12 supervisors, 10 tractor trolley or hand carts, 50 cover tractor trolleys, 10 cover tippers, three JCB's, two blowers, two vacuum cleaners,\" said a source.\"However, this agency hardly has the manpower and moreover he is already undertaking sanitation work in two zones of the MCG area. The officials too are aware that owner of the agency does not have the needed infrastructure and manpower and this is precisely the reason why he was thrown out of the Faridabad municipal corporation. The only reason he has been able to have his way is due to the close connections he has with some local politicians and by using his muscle power,\" he added.On record, though, MCG officials claim that the contract has been extended as a stop gap arrangement. \"We have extended the contract for three months or till the time we can award a fresh contract. We have given the contract to the same agency as it was already carrying out sanitation work in these 19 colonies. The contractor has the needed manpower and infrastructure to carryout the job and in case he is not able to do a good job or if complaints get piled up against him, we will certainly hold back his payment,\" said Sudhir Rajpal, commissioner, MCG.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "rajahmundry", "code": "17107759", "title": "Two irrigation officials suspended", "text": "Rajahmundry: Two irrigation engineers were suspended here on Monday for alleged dereliction of duty in manning a pump reservoir in East Godavari district. Assistant engineer A Subba Rao and deputy executive engineer Kantha Rao were suspended by chief engineer of irrigation (administration) Narayan Reddy for not monitoring the situation at the reservoir gates when cyclone Nilam hit the coast. Sources said the negligence caused huge damage to irrigation canals. It is learnt that the duo was suspended on the instructions of major irrigation minister P Sudharshan Reddy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17109682", "title": "Jaipur Development Authority to start work for int'l centre in Dec", "text": "JAIPUR: The Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) will start the work for constructing an international centre in the city in December.The decision was taken at a meeting headed by chief secretary C K Mathew after a presentation on Monday. The Centre now will be constructed on the lines of India International Centre in New Delhi which was earlier proposed on the habitat centre.\"The estimated cost for constructing Phase 1 of the centre is Rs 71 crore. The tender has been invited in this regard and work is expected to start from December,\" said JDA commissioner Kuldeep Ranka.Recently, the JDA has identified 25,980 square metres of land near Akshay Patra behind JLN Marg for construction of the habitat centre. As per the design, the centre will have three auditoriums with the first one having a seating capacity of 700 seats, while the other two have 300 seats each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17109150", "title": "Online marketing courses a hit as firms eye netizens", "text": "CHENNAI: Management institutions and MBA students are taking a shine to social media marketing. With retail chains and other businesses increasingly targeting netizens who frequent social media websites, a number of B-schools in the city are cashing in on the trend by offering courses in this niche segment.It's clear that the courses are hugely popular: A large number of MBA students in the city are opting for them in colleges that offer the subject as an elective. Social media marketing equips students with the expertise to promote a brand on social media networks such as Facebook and Twitter.\"One of the newest ways of marketing is through social media. It is booming because companies see it as vital to their business and sales strategy,\" said Rev Peter Xavier, director of Loyola Institute of Business and Administration (LIBA).He said many companies who recruit candidates on campus now want students who have a background in social media marketing. Online service providers like Sulekha and various matrimony sites and online marketing companies like Jabong, FlipKart and Zovi are among the larger recruiters of MBA graduates with skills in marketing on social networks. Companies are also using their expertise to promote brands like Wills Lifestyle and W.\"We have altered the curriculum to address contemporary marketing challenges in social media,\" Xavier said. LIBA offers the subject as an elective in its two-year full-time MBA programme.According to Xavier, an increasing number of students are opting for the elective after it was introduced two years ago. \"Almost all our management students have taken social media marketing as an elective this year,\" he said.Besides LIBA, SRM University and Great Lakes Institute of Management also offer the subject. Chennai also has various centres that offer crash courses in social media marketing and management.Retail chains and online portals are recruiting students with knowledge of the subject at salaries that start at Rs 6 lakh or more. Some of the newly minted MBA graduates are starting their own firms that provide companies with strategies to brand or sell their products and services on social networks.Students see social media as an ideal platform to create and build brand awareness. \"Everyone is on Facebook or Twitter these days, so an intelligent and creative campaign could go viral and really drive business,\" said S Senthil Kumar, a student at SRM University who is doing a thesis on the subject. \"It is something youngsters relate to so firms are looking to build brands or drive traffic to their websites.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17107551", "title": "Man stabs wife", "text": "HYDERABAD: Suspecting his wife's character, a 38-year-old businessman chased her and stabbed her twice with a knife in full public view in Lothkunta on Monday. The man was overpowered and taken into custody by police, while the victim was rushed to Gandhi Hospital.The victim is Priyanka, 30, wife of Pradeep Anand Sahani, who runs car accessories business in Koti. The couple has two daughters. According to police, the couple since past one year has been going through a strained marital relationship due to the alleged affair of Priyanka.Due to the marital discord, Pradeep shifted to a new house with his children a month ago. Priyanka started staying separately. However, a few days ago, Priyanka returned to stay with her husband at their new house.On Monday morning, the couple had an argument and Priyanka told her husband that she would leave the house. As she walked out of the house, Pradeep chased her with a knife, which he picked up from the kitchen. Priyanka then ran into an STD booth (Nani communications) and tried locking herself inside. \"However, Pradeep also entered the STD booth and stabbed her twice in the stomach,\" Trimulgherry inspector P Sridhar said.Pradeep also threatened to attack locals who tried to intervene. Meanwhile, alerted by the locals, police rushed to the spot and took Pradeep into custody. Priyanka has been rushed to Gandhi Hospital and her condition was said to be out of danger. \"The injuries were not very deep so she is out of danger,\" the inspector said.Police booked case against Pradeep under section 307 (Attempt to murder) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17109786", "title": "600 turn up for handful of jobs at Bhubaneswar AIIMS", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Pointing a stark finger at rampant unemployment , at least 600 candidates turned up at a walk-in interview for a handful of jobs at All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) here on Monday.\"It was utter chaos. After making us wait for hours, the authorities made us stand in a queue and collected photocopies of our documents instead of conducting the interview. They told us they will get back to us,\" said a dejected aspirant.Sources said AIIMS authorities could not conduct the interview because of the high number of applicants, around 100 each for six categories of jobs of librarian, junior warden, assistant stores officer, receptionist, sanitary inspector and IT programmer. Apart from the applicants, around 200 other people had thronged the interview venue to accompany their kin.\"Since interviewing so many people would have taken a lot of time, we have collected their documents. The short-listed candidates will be called for an interview,\" said an AIIMS spokesperson.AIIMS sources said most of the applicants did not possess necessary qualification and experience for the posts on offer. \"We are scrutinizing the documents. The credentials will be put online and there will be complete transparency in the recruitment process,\" the spokesperson said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17109079", "title": "State gets 2 new choppers to hunt Reds", "text": "RANCHI: Dhruv, the advanced light helicopter (ALH), managed by BSF, which was grounded owing to technical snags, will be commissioned before November 15 this year. This means Jharkhand will now have five choppers which can be used in anti-Maoist operations. A Dhruv helicopter was grounded earlier this year while another was stranded in Bangalore from October 2011 for repair. Erratic availability of choppers for use in inaccessible extremist terrains had a bearing on anti-Maoist operations in the state. Sources in the home department said that Jharkhand police had in the past one year postponed planned operations owing to non-availability of choppers.Jharkhand police spokesperson S N Pradhan said, \"The choppers have undergone repair and are set for commissioning within a week. It will certainly boost our anti-Maoist tactics in difficult terrains.\" Sources also said that the director general of civil aviation (DGCA) had verified the technical grounds for the choppers to fly according to DGCA standards and cleared them for commissioning.The state hanger is also ready for the choppers. The entry and exit points at the hanger have been expanded as per the required flying, landing and parking standards for five choppers. \"Parking was posing a problem earlier owing to a space crunch at the entry and exit points. That has been taken care of now.\" said Pradhan.CRPF uses Dhruv helicopters in carrying out anti-Maoist operations. From November 15, Jharkhand will have five choppers at its disposal. The flying strength will include two Dhruv advanced light helicopters, two MI-17 helicopters operated by the army and one Dhruv of the home department.Three security personnel were critically injured in a massive encounter between police forces and the Maoists in Chatra district, 80 kms from here, on September 17. \"The authorities from the police headquarters sent out a MI-17 helicopter to Chatra but unfavourable weather made it difficult to manoeuvre it forcing a return without lifting the security personnel,\" said a Chatra police officer.A CRPF official said, \"Throughout the monsoon, aerial anti-Maoists operations in the state were affected because MI-17 helicopters found it difficult to operate in bad weather. In fact, despite the need, we could not use MI-17 helicopters and the operations had to suffer on many occasions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17109244", "title": "Assamese society will march ahead following Bhupen ideals", "text": "GUWAHATI: Paying tribute to Bhupen Hazarika at his cremation site on the premises of Gauhati University on the occasion of the legendary icon's first death anniversary on Monday, chief minister Tarun Gogoi said Assamese society will march ahead by following the ideals of the music maestro.After his arrival from New Delhi in the morning, Gogoi went straight to the samadhisthal of the iconic figure to pay homage. Gogoi, who was accompanied by his wife, Dolly, attended an all-faith prayer meet held at the \"samadhisthal\" of the ace musician. He planted a sapling brought from the holy Batadrava Than, the birthplace of Vaishnava saint Sankardev. The function was organised by the Kamrup (Metro) district administration with support from Gauhati University.\"He would continue to inspire the people, especially the youth, for generations to come through the rich musical legacy bequeathed by him. People have been vividly recalling the contribution of Hazarika in various facets of life after his death, which is a good sign. He is more popular today,\" added Gogoi.He expressed hope that inspired by the ideals of Hazarika, the new generation would continue to work for the betterment of society. Companion of Bhupen Hazarika and filmmaker Kalpana Lajmi broke down at the legend's cremation site after paying tribute. \"I even could not imagine a day without Bhupenda and today one year has passed sans him. I am so proud today to see people from all sections of society remembering Bhupenda at home, in roads, everywhere,\" said Kalpana.Students of Gauhati University lit over 10,000 earthen lamps in and around the late singer's \"samadhisthal\" on Monday evening.Aasu activists, students and staff of Gauhati University, too, paid tribute to Hazarika on the university premises where he was cremated. Hazarika once taught at Gauhati University. The Bhupen Hazarika Cultural Trust also organised religious hymns and songs at the late singer's residence in Nizarapar in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17108317", "title": "Officers feared dubious side of threat caller: Ashok Khemka", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Umed Singh, a sacked employee of the Haryana Housing Board would be again produced before the Panchkula court on Tuesday.Umed, who was arrested on Friday for making a threat call to Haryana's whistleblower IAS officer Ashok Khemka on October 30 is a history-sheeter against whom three senior officers appointed by the Haryana Housing Board had earlier refused to conduct an inquiry.A Panchkula court on Saturday had remanded him to three-days in police custody. During the remand, the cops recovered the service record of the dismissed employee and the mobile phone which was allegedly used to make the threat call to Khemka.The housing board had initiated a departmental inquiry against Umed Singh for beating up an executive engineer in 1998. Eight years after the incident, the then chief administrator of the housing board, Ashok Khemka, had dismissed Umed Singh in 2006. However, the court acquitted Umed of the charges the same year.In the dismissal order dated March 27, 2006, Khemka noted, \"Three senior officers of the board made excuses to avoid conducting an inquiry against Umed Singh due to his ill-reputation. One of them even preferred to pay a minor penalty for not doing the assigned duty of conducting an inquiry against Umed rather than being a party to record inquiry against him\".\"There is mortal fear of Umed among senior supervisory officers of the board due to his volatile propensity,\" he added.However, Khemka did not order another inquiry observing that \"it is unlikely that any officer of the board would tender evidence against Umed due to his infamy of misbehaving and assaulting senior officers at the slightest pretext and then getting away with it\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17107238", "title": "'Rajan ordered hit on hotelier Shetty'", "text": "MUMBAI: Chhota Rajan aide Satish Thankappan alias Kalia, arrested for his alleged role in the 2011 murder of journalist J Dey, has told the police that the fugitive don had instructed his men to kill Dey as well as hotelier B R Shetty. Kalia was re-arrested in connection with the October 3 firing on Shetty.Kalia has reportedly told the police that Rajan had called him before Dey's murder and told him to eliminate two of his rival Chhota Shakeel's men -Dey and Shetty. \"Kalia said they could not eliminate Shetty as the police were on the lookout for them in the Dey murder case,\" said an officer. Dey was shot dead on June 11 last year. Kalia was arrested by the crime branch within 25 days of the crime.\"Later, Kalia hatched a plot to kill Shetty with his cousin Selvan Challappan Daniel and two shooters-Gurdip Singh alias Bobby and Talvinder alias Sonu. Bobby and another shooter from Uttar Pradesh, Upadhaya, shot at Shetty on October 3. The intention was to kill Shetty but he somehow escaped with one bullet injury on his shoulder,\" said an officer.The police have so far arrested three persons-Kalia, Selvan and Dharavi property dealer Nityanand Nayak-in the case and are hunting for three more persons, including Rajan.A senior police officer said Rajan probably ordered the hit on Shetty as he believed the hotelier was a close friend of dismissed police inspector Pradeep Sharma.The crime branch on Monday invoked the stringent Maharashtra Control of Organized Crime Act in the case. Joint commissioner of police (crime) Himanshu Roy said, \"We have invoked this Act due to involvement of the underworld element and will ensure these criminals don't get bail.\"On October 3, hotelier B R Shetty who was driving home was shot at by two motorcycle borne shooters outside the Infinity mall at link road in Andheri. As soon as the attackers opened fired at him, Shetty slammed the accelerator and drove his car straight to the Oshiwara police station, which is just a km from the spot where the incident took place. Of the four bullets fired one had hit him near shoulder and his neck.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17107742", "title": "Mullaperiyar: SC to hear case from Feb 19", "text": "KOCHI: The constitutional bench of the Supreme Court has posted the Mullaperiyar dam case for final hearing from February 19. On Monday, the bench also ruled that the case would be considered on January 28 for giving interim directions.Officials in the Mullaperiyar cell of the Kerala government said as per the information they had received, the case was likely to be heard by a new bench as Justice D K Jain, who currently heads the bench, was due to retire.The apex court had earlier turned down Kerala's demand for more time to file its response in the SC-appointed empowered committee (EC) report, which had suggested that the dam was safe.The state was apprehensive about having to file its response in haste. However, the court's latest decision will give Kerala ample time to file its response.\"We will be able to submit our response in early January. We are in the process of finalizing the draft. Our response to the hydrological study findings in the EC report is almost over. Our dissenting arguments against the structural studies in the EC are also in the final stages of preparation. Soon we will also start preparing our views on the impact of earthquakes on the dam. The draft will then be submitted to the state government for vetting,\" an official in the Mullaperiyar cell told TOI here over phone from New Delhi.\"We are confident that we will be able to effectively challenge many of the findings in the EC report,\" he said in response to a question.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "17109751", "title": "Sevashram girls to pad up in Koraput", "text": "KORAPUT: The Koraput district administration will soon distribute hygienic sanitary napkins among girls studying in sevashrams (residential schools for SC and ST students) in the district.\"Adolescent girl students in sevashrams rarely use sanitary napkins during their menstrual cycle as the price of napkins available in the market is very high. In stead, they use pieces of cloth, which increases chances of infection. So, we have decided to supply sanitary napkins to them at an affordable cost,\" said Koraput collector Sachin Jadab.The administration has also established a sanitary napkin manufacturing unit at the district headquarters town at an estimated cost of around Rs 10 lakh under the Integrated Action Plan (IAP). Inaugurated by the chief minister Naveen Patnaik on October 4, the unit is being managed by Adarsh, a women self-help group.Officials said each pack of sanitary napkins containing at least seven pads would cost Rs 21. These would be given to around 15,000 girls enrolled at various sevashrams across the district.\"The government gives Rs 30 to each girl student at the sevashrams to meet their sanitary expenses. The napkins would be purchased from this fund,\" said project administrator ITDA (Koraput) Tuku Barik.Meanwhile, the napkin manufacturing unit has also provided a much needed financial security to 12 women of the SHG, who were in desperate need of a permanent source of income. In less than a month after its establishment, the unit has manufactured over 6,000 pads and aims to increase the production in coming months.\"Raw materials for the napkins are being imported from Mumbai and care is being taken to ensure that the product is hygienic. The SHG aims to make a monthly profit of Rs 30,000. Subsequently, production will be increased,\" said coordinator of Mission Sakthi (Koraput) G Sita Kumari.According to the collector, in next few months, the low-cost sanitary napkins would be made available to rural women.\"We are chalking out a marketing strategy to ensure that adolescent girls and women in rural and interior areas get the product,\" the collector said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17108867", "title": "Draft legislation for fines for littering ready: Alina", "text": "PANAJI: Environment minister Alina Saldanha said that the draft legislation to levy fines on those littering streets and public places in Goa is drafted and the same would be discussed on Tuesday at the monitoring and working committee for solid waste management meeting.Saldanha said that they have not finalized how much penalty would be charged for littering streets and public places. The committee shortlisted four village panchayats from Cortalim constituency for setting up segregation centre for collection and storage of dry waste.\"We have taken four panchayats as pilot projects and are hoping that each of them identify a segregation site,\" Saldanha said, adding that they may also consider three more panchayats from Ponda constituency.Monday's meeting was the second of the monitoring and working committee for solid waste management. During the meeting two companies wanting to handle dry waste in Goa made presentations to the committee. One of the companies spoke of how they will handle plastic garbage in the state. They explained how they would collect and segregate waste, said Saldanha. \"We want to know how garbage will be collected at the panchayat-level,\" she said, adding that they may consider giving them a one-month trial to see how they handle plastic disposal.Saldanha also said that there are schemes which finance the panchayats for construction of a segregation shed. \"How the finance will be provided to panchayats and other formalities will be settled at Tuesday's meeting,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17108634", "title": "Police yet to track down assailants of Congress leader", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A day after Badruddin Shaikh, leader of opposition in the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation ( AMC ), was assaulted in Juhapura, police are yet to track down the assailants. Officials have cited a scuffle over parking as the primary reason for the incident.Shaikh meanwhile is recovering at the VS Hospital. Police are yet to record his statement in the case.On Sunday, Shaikh along with his associates had been to Juhapura to attend three weddings. After attending the first, he went to Kadri party plot near Ambar Tower at 8pm for the second function. When Shaikh's driver was parking his car at an empty lot, an SUV came on the spot and its driver demanded that the lot be emptied. \"It was later revealed that Mohammed Hanif Gotiwala, a resident of Juhapura and involved in a number of shady land dealings, was travelling in the SUV along with his sons Sahil and Amjad alias Ajju. As per the complaint filed by Shaikh's relative Taslim Alam Tirmizi, a resident of Shah-e-Alam, Shaikh got down to intervene in the altercation when Gotiwala came out of the car and started abusing him,\" said an Aslali police official. DS Dodiya, sub-inspector of Aslali police station, said that Tirmizi has mentioned that while the driver and two sons held Shaikh, Gotiwala assaulted him with a short sword and inflicted injury on a cheek and head. \"A team visited Gotiwala's residence and office to search for him and the others accused. However, they have not been found. While Shaikh is stable, we have not been able to record his statement so far,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17108710", "title": "Traders earned Rs 8.5k cr from non-Basmati exports", "text": "PUNE: The Union government's decision to permit export of non-Basmati rice has expanded business opportunities for traders, who exported 40 lakh tonne rice worth Rs 8,500 crore during 2011-12, the period when ban on export was lifted. On the other hand, the export of 32 lakh tonne Basmati during the same period brought in another Rs 15,500 crore.The rice export market generally opens in NovermberThe opening of market for rice export generally starts in November, and traders are expecting to generate more business this time. City-basedRamesh Patel, an exporter of foodgrains and food items to African countries, said, \"Earlier, the Arab countries bought foodgrains from the US and European Union countries. And many EU rice suppliers bought Basmati rice from India and further exported it to these countries. But since the Arab Spring started in December 2010, countries like Yemen, Tunisia, Egypt and Libya saw a change of rulers that brought about changes in various policies, of which one benefited our traders.\"These countries already have many traders of Indian origin living there for years, who started placing orders for Basmati as well as non-Basmati rice such as Kolam, HMT, Masuri, 4/14, Parimal and surti kolam, which were major exportable rice varieties in 2011-12, said Rajesh Shah, a distributor of Basmati rice.Quoting a report generated by the exporters' association, Shah said, \"The non-Basmati rice fetched a price of Rs 1,700 to Rs 1,800 per quintal in November 2011. In the current month, the price will be Rs 2,200 per quintal for export. One of the reasons for the increase in price is the 5% drop in production.\"Another market which has opened for Indian traders is Iran. The country opened its doors for Indian traders in June and the quoted price for Basmati was Rs 5,000 to Rs 6,000 per quintal.Patel said, \"The only hurdle in business with Iran is its relations with the US. Earlier, Iran bought rice from the US, now it is buying from India. But there is no assurance of market stability. Many traders from Dubai buy Indian rice, but when it is supplied to Iran, there is no mention of the origin of the rice. Many exporters do not know the price at which the rice is sold in Iran. Once, these issues are resolved, the number of Indian exporters to Iran will increase.\"In 2011-12, there was a bumper Basmati crop which reduced the wholesale rates to Rs 5,000 per quintal from Rs 6,000 per quintal in 2010-11. The production has an impact on pricing as well. Compared to 65 lakh tonne production in 2010-11, Indian farmers produced 75 lakh tonne Basmati in 2011-12. which led to reduction in price, Shah said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17108985", "title": "Sarabjit's health satisfactory: Lawyer", "text": "AMRITSAR: Pakistan government has maintained that Indian prisoner Sarabjit Singh does not have any neurological disorder and that his overall physical health is satisfactory. In August, Sarabjit had written a letter to his sister Dalbir Kaur in India saying he feared for his life as he apprehended being poisoned in jail and that his left leg was drying.Following this, Sarabjit's lawyer Awais Sheikh had written to the home department of the government of Punjab, Pakistan, to conduct a medical examination of his client and to examine the quality of food served to him in jail.Sheikh said TOI on Monday that he had received a letter from the section officer, home department, stating that according to a report of the superintendent, Central Jail, Lahore; Sarabjit's health was satisfactory. \"I am told that Sarabjit's mental health is good but sometimes he complained of weakness in his left leg for which medication has been provided to him,\" said Sheikh.He said the home department had informed him that Sarabjit had no neurological deficit and that the quality of food served to him was also satisfactory. \"I have asked the home department to instruct the superintendent of Central Jail to arrange my meeting with Sarabjit,\" he said.Sheikh said he had also sought meeting with Sarabjit on humanitarian grounds since his client was an Indian and his family lived in India so there was no one in Pakistan to meet him in jail except his counsel. \"Ordinarily, the family of a condemned prisoner is allowed to meet him once in a fortnight,\" he said. Meanwhile, Sarabjit's wife Sukhpreet expressed satisfaction over the health of her husband, saying, \"It is good news. I hope he will come back soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17108819", "title": "Special status issue to arouse Bihari sub-nationalism", "text": "PATNA: The Adhikar Rally on Sunday, demanding special category status to Bihar, is likely to further arouse Bihari sub-nationalism among people since the demand is linked to the future of the state and its people. In his hourlong speech at the rally, CM Nitish Kumar's focus remained the backwardness of the state and people's sentiments. By saying that the special status will change the destiny of the people, Nitish tried to make it a strong political agenda linking it with the Bihari pride.During the last few years, Nitish has left no opportunity to arouse feeling of sub-nationalism and promoting image of Bihar worldwide, particularly among the Biharis. He said Biharis were now feeling proud of being identified with Bihar. \"Nitish is trying to recapture the past glory of Bihar in the modern context and arousing Bihar sub-nationalism,\" said former top cop and ex-governor of Tripura and Chhattisgarh , D N Sahay. The Adhikar rally, he added, was a departure from the past because the earlier rallies were essentially political while this was organized to raise the issue of neglect and suffering of Bihar.Added noted physician Dr Gopal Prasad Sinha, \"Most of the rallies in the recent past were known for their negative purpose and connotation and did not serve any useful purpose. They only created chasm in the society.\"Social scientist and economist Shaibal Gupta, the member secretary of Asian Development Research Institute (ADRI), said the agenda of special category status will help build a 'coalition of extreme' which will lead to substantive sub-national cohesion in the state since building Bihar is in common interest of the people of the state and the widest possible provincial consensus can emerge on this agenda. \"In post-independence era, the special status is a caste, class and ideology-neutral agenda,\" said Gupta.The CM, in his speech, stressed that without the development of Bihar, India cannot develop and by ignoring the 10.5 crore people of Bihar, the target of inclusive growth cannot be achieved. \"It is beyond imagination to write the history of India without making prominent mention of Bihar,\" he said on Sunday.The Bihari sub-nationalism was aroused on a large scale in March 2011 when the state government observed Bihar Diwas on March 22 on completion of 99 years of Bihar's separate identity. On the same day in 2012, functions were held on a wide scale not only in Bihar but in other states as well, and also in different countries. The day was seen as a day of Bihari pride.Bihar earned a bad image across the world for the anarchy, social unrest, mayhem and corruption, particularly after 1990, said JD-U MP Ranjan Prasad Yadav . He accused RJD chief Lalu Prasad for presiding over the 'lawless' state and raising an army of jobless youth for almost 15 years. \"It was the time when Biharis in other parts of the country were ashamed of disclosing their Bihari identity. Now the situation is just reverse and the Biharis are seen with envy by others,\" said Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17107920", "title": "Poachas now step up to plate-lets", "text": "NAGPUR: So important it is that it is referred to as liquid gold. Yet more people are required to donate blood platelets to save lives. In the aftermath of the Cyclone Sandy, there is a huge demand for platelets in the US. To raise awareness about this important issue and to amass a resource group, Khushroo and Fermin Poacha, the couple who created a national blood donation network, have come up with a website (www.plateletdonors.org) where donors can register and a system wherein those requiring platelets can send an SMS to receive them.The couple has also won Ashoka's Changemakers award for a website they are running for blood donation that works in a similar fashion. Launched only a week back, the platelet donation site has already got 64 registered donors.\"On www.indianblooddonors.com, we got many requests for platelets. However, when even the registered donors were asked to donate platelets instead of blood, they would get confused and hesitate. Some of the NGOs we were working with also told us how the supply of platelet was especially low for cancer patients,\" said Khushroo, explaining the need for a separate website for the purpose.\"One person from such an NGO that works at Tata Memorial Hospital told us how that many poor patients who go to the hospital end up spending more money to buy platelets than on medication and treatment. Their price being so high is the reason, other than its brownish red colour, platelets are called liquid gold,\" added Fermin.Khushroo also tells an instance that was a catalyst in making him set up the site. \"A child from a very well-to-do family from the city had to undergo bone marrow transplant. The family first went to Vellore then to Mumbai and was ready to pump all the money required. Still they could not get a platelet donor,\" he narrated.The couple has ensured full utilization of all technological avenues for the purpose. To alleviate the fear people feel for this lesser known donation, information about the process and requirement for blood donations has been included on the website. Also, the Facebook page of the website acts as a medium of interaction among the members. Innoz, a relatively new venture focused on mobile and wireless innovation, that is rated among the Global 100 Technology companies, happily agreed to provide the website the service of some of the major mobile service providers of the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17109843", "title": "Two booked for circulating woman's obscene pictures", "text": "INDORE: Two persons were booked for allegedly distributing objectionable photographs of a woman after morphing it at Kishanganj on Sunday evening. The 29-year-old victim is said to be an ASHA member. The accused had downloaded the pictures from the cellphone of the victim who lost it around a month ago.Kishanganj police in charge Raghu Prasad said the accused Bablu Beldar and Manoj, both from Bhagora village, first downloaded the photographs of the victim and then morphed and later circulated it. The victim too hails from the same village.One of the relatives of the woman came across the morphed photographs a few days after its circulation. The victim's family then approached the police and lodged a complaint. The police have booked both the accused under the Section 291 (1,2) A of the IPC on Sunday evening. The accused are still at large.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "17109647", "title": "Upgraded &amp; upbeat, Pilot focuses on rural investment", "text": "AJMER: An upbeat and upgraded Union minister Sachin Pilot's basic responsibility will now be to bring in investment to the rural market so that farmers can get a better chance to showcase their products. \"Companies will be encouraged to set up their units in remote rural places so that educated youths of villages will get proper employment and do not have to migrate for the sake of service,\" said the minister.Pilot came to his constituency for the first time after his stature grew to independent charge, corporate affairs . He inaugurated the overbridge at Saradna-linking the national highway to Ajmer city - on Monday evening and assured that construction would not take much time as it hinders development and also has a bearing on the cost effectiveness. He said the over bridge will bring Ajmer and Beawer closer.Talking on his elevation, Pilot said the UPA government has given him responsibility and he is trying his best to get more investments and generate money and also provide job opportunities for the youths.The minster said, \"Rural India now needs investment and growth. I will talk to the corporates and invite them to remote regions where youths could get job opportunities and also help in developing the area.\"He said it is his responsibility to provide new dimension to this sector by encouraging the small-scale sector to join the open market and grow.On his first visit to Ajmer after being promoted to independent charge, Pilot was given a mega welcome here. Garlands weighing 45 to 100 kg were offered to him by different groups and mostly villagers . They shouted slogans and urged Pilot to look into the development of their regions.Pilot will stay here for two days and will attend has several programmes lined up. On late Monday evening, he went Kaserpura and Rajgargh villages and met people to learn their problems.On Tuesday, Pilot will participate in a programme in Bijanager town of the district and go to Masuda block, Kaniya village, Devas, Ramgargh , Jeevana and other villages where he inaugurate the Rajiv Gandhi IT centres to provide computer and internet facilities in villages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17108459", "title": "Carol singing catches up in Mysore", "text": "MYSORE: Mysore, living up to its Culture City sobriquet, has celebrations round the year. Having played host to Dasara that concluded recently, the city is set to celebrate the birth of Jesus. As a prelude to the event, people are grouping together for carol singing.St Philomena's Church Fr K A William said caroling, which heralds the birth of Jesus Christ, is one of the oldest customs among the followers of Christ.It can be a song or hymn that is sung in groups comprising 40-50 people to praise the importance of the big day. When Jesus was born in the manger on a chilly night, angels sang 'Glory to the God in the highest and peace to his people on earth...' This is considered as a first carol song, the priest stated.People sing carols both at church and competitions, and it is to keep the Christmas spirit up. Carols are also known as Noels. Irrespective of religion and caste, every one wait for Christmas carols during the season.Usually, children dress up like Santa Claus, as magi, and carry a star pole with them while visiting houses during nights.The carolers move from one house to another singing joyful Noels. The children who sing are known as start singers. People gift them money or chocolate to visitors, and it will be used for charity.\"Carol singing competition brings all the brethren under one roof to celebrate the joy of Christmas as one family,\" William explains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17108378", "title": "Political race to cash in on polarisation", "text": "After eight communal clashes in UP, Congress broke its silence and chided the SP government for allowing things to spin out of control. Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav, on his part, blamed the riots on a conspiracy hatched by rivals to defame his government. This provided an excellent opportunity to Mayawati to rubbish the eight-month-old Akhilesh government and ask it to take lessons in governance from her. The BJP, meanwhile, blamed it all on the Muslim appeasement policy of the SP government.But the clashes may have set in motion a chain reaction of polarisation that could define the way UP votes next time. BJP, which had been lost without an issue, is trying hard to capitalise on this and revive the Hindutva plank. To stoke Hindu passions, it is pointing at the various welfare schemes the SP government has rolled out for Muslims, implying the community is being given preferential treatment at the cost of Hindus. It is also arguing that Muslim fundamentalists have been emboldened by Akhilesh's move to release those \"falsely implicated\" in terror cases and to increase the number of Muslims in the police force. Add to this communal clashes and you have a situation where religious fervour dominates. This would suit BJP fine, which notched up a tally of 47 in the assembly polls.Polarisation, however, is a doubleedged sword. It can also lead to Muslims voting en bloc and in even larger numbers for a party that can keep BJP at bay. BJP rode to power in UP on the Ram temple wave, but the party's slide began after the demolition. BJP, which had 177 seats before the demolition, slid to 174 in 1996, and then plunged to 88 in 2002, and to 51 in 2007. This year, it managed only 47. \"The SP, Congress and BSP are vying with each other for the crucial Muslim vote. They do not hesitate in taking support of Muslim hardliners. The BJP has base in upper castes and depends on polarisation of backward classes and dalits.It tried polarisation over the issue of minority quota this year and roped in Hindutva votary Uma Bharti , but failed as anti-corruption sentiments dominated the elections. Now, it is planning to bring back another Hindutva mascot Kalyan Singh and trying to make communal clashes an issue to polarise votes before the 2014 Lok Sabha polls,\" said Deepak Mishra, a political analyst.While it may be too early to predict who will gain more in this game of fractious politics, one thing is clear: The biggest loser will be UP's youth, who are too young to remember the Babri demolition and the mayhem that followed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "ambala ", "code": "17108971", "title": "Man shoots 3 stray dogs after his Doberman's death, sparks panic", "text": "AMBALA : Two days after his pet dog died of poisoning, a 24-year-old created terror in the locality and shot dead three stray dogs with his father's licensed gun, in Inderpur colony of Ambala city on Sunday night.Identified as Sawarnjit Singh, the pet lover is now faced with arrest in a case registered under various sections of Arms Act and IPC, registered against him at city police station. Police are waiting for autopsy reports of the three stray dogs, which fell prey to bullets fired by the accused. Further sections related to Prevention of Cruelty Against Animals Act will be added, said sub-inspector Ram Kumar, investigating officer of the case.Sawarnjit and his father have gone elusive after the incident. Police parties are conducting raids to round them up for investigations, he added. \"Since the father-son duo has gone missing , leaving behind women in the house, we cannot question them,'' he said.Enquiries revealed that Sawarnjit is a class XII dropout and helps his father in farming. He is a dog lover and had a fully grown Doberman male dog. His pet was found dead near his house on Friday and since then, he was reportedly in a furious mood.\"He would come out in the street and start abusing neighbours. He was often heard saying that he would kill the person as well his pets (if he had any), who poisoned his dog. On Sunday evening, he came out with a gun in his hand and fired four shots on stray dogs he saw on the street. This led to panic in the area. Even as he was loading the gun, somebody overpowered him and snatched his gun,\" said a neighbor, giving an eye-witness account.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17108675", "title": "Gold ornaments worth Rs 3.4L stolen", "text": "PUNE: In three separate incidents on Sunday morning, unidentified men posing as police personnel stole gold ornaments worth Rs 3.40 lakh from three women.The incidents took place in Wanowrie, Kondhwa and Kothrud.Around 9 am, Sangita Gurbani (65) of Swami Vivekanandnagar in Wanowrie was waiting for a bus at Ramtekdi junction. Two persons posing as policemen approached her and told her that a theft had taken place in the area on Saturday night and asked her to remove her chain and bangles and keep them in her purse.\"On the pretext of helping her, the duo fled with her bangles worth Rs 40,000,\" sub-inspector B K Muthe of the Wanowrie police station said.Half an hour later, two unidentified men approached Joyce D'Souza (53) of Kondhwa on NIBM Road. The duo, posing as policemen, told D'Souza that a theft had taken place in the area and their officer was questioning people. They asked D'Souza to keep her gold ornaments in her purse. D'Souza removed her three gold chains, a ring and five gold bangles.On the pretext of helping her, the duo fled with her ornaments worth Rs 2 lakh. The Kondhwa police are investigating.In the third incident, Lalita Kalwade (67) of Warje fell prey to a duo posing as policemen at Kothrud around 11 am. The duo asked Kalwade to remove her gold ornaments. Pretending to help her, the duo fled with Kalwade's gold ornaments worth Rs 1 lakh. A case has been registered with the Kothrud police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17108788", "title": "Two persons beaten to death in separate incidents", "text": "PATNA: Two persons, including a thief, were beaten to death in separate incidents in Patna district.In the first incident, a thief was beaten to death by some residents of village Barki Muhammadpur under Bakhtiyarpur police station in Patna district on Sunday night. Bakhtiyarpur police station SHO B K Sinha said a man of 30-35 years age was trying to steal valuables from the house of a villager. The villagers caught him and assaulted the thief mercilessly leading to his death on the spot. The police lodged an FIR against 25 unknown villagers in this connection. The deceased could not be identified, the SHO added.In another incident, a property dealer, Gopal Mishra (40), was beaten to death by four persons on Monday morning at village Oiyara under Dhanarua police station in Patna district.Dhanarua police station SHO Avinash Kumar said an FIR has been lodged against Loha Singh, Chandan Singh, Yadav and Guddu Singh in this regard. Mishra was having some dispute with the four accused. He was killed in front of villagers by these four people, the SHO said. The accused are yet to be nabbed, the SHO added.Road mishap: A milk vendor, Vijendar Kumar (45), died in a road accident on Monday at village Mahaddipur under Gaurichak police station in Patna district.Gaurichak police station SHO Pramod Kumar Rai said a pickup van dashed Kumar when he was crossing the village road. The police seized the van but the driver managed to escape. Kumar died on the spot. An FIR was lodged in this connection.Body recovered: The police on Monday recovered the body of a thela-puller Hari Rai (26) from Shitala Maata Mandir Road on Monday morning.Bypass police station SHO Manish Sah said the deceased was a resident of Shish Mahal Hamam Par locality under Khajekallan police station. He said Rai had gone missing on November 1 after he went out of his house with his thela. The deceased's family members had lodged a missing complaint with the police station concerned, the SHO said and added that the exact reason behind his death would be clear after the autopsy report. There was no injury mark on his body.Arrested: The police arrested one Bhim Paswan (22) from village Gamashikoh under Chowk police station on Sunday night.Chowk police station SHO Pushkar Kumar said the police had been looking for Bhim since September 2 after he, along with his two associates Sanoj Kurdhatiya and Rakesh, were caught with a loaded country-made pistol and a live cartridge under the same police station. He said Bhim had managed to escape from the spot and had been absconding. The police said he had no past criminal records.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17109564", "title": "Drive against errant auto drivers in a month", "text": "BHOPAL: To keep a check on wayward ways of auto drivers, who refuse to ply by meter, the district administration will soon launch another drive against errant auto-rickshaws in Bhopal. The district administration has recently revised the rates of three-wheelers by 200%, but the auto drivers are demanding more, district collector Nikunj Shrivastava said.We are starting a drive against them in a month and we will make sure that after the drive auto drivers charge passengers by meter,\" the collector told TOI.Earlier this year, a joint drive of district administration, traffic police and regional transport office was launched against auto-rickshaw drivers to ensure that they wear uniform and run autos with calibrated meter. However, the drive stopped without result.\"We realize that the drive carried out by the administration to ply autos with the meter was a failure. Even after we have revised the meter rates up to 200%, the situation remains the same,\" the collector said. \"The revised rates make auto fares in Bhopal one of the highest in the country,\" the collector said.Auto-rickshaw association president Pappu Vilas said, \"We are not aware of any hike effected by the administration in auto fares. Unless we get anything in writing, we will not follow meter fare.\"The result is the passengers continue to suffer. \"The auto-rickshaws continue to have non-functioning meters or they simply don't go by it. And now with the petrol price up, auto rides have become very expensive,\" said Satish Sinha, an engineer.\"They charge Rs 100 from Habibganj station to MP Nagar during odd hours, which is hardly a km,\" said Arvind Singh.The auto drivers demanded an increase in meter rate to Rs 20 for the first km and Rs 15 for every km. The existing fares are Rs 10.50 for the first km and Rs 6.50 for every other kilometer. But after a steep rise in the petrol price, auto drivers are demanding more as a minimum fare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "jabalpur", "code": "17109507", "title": "Creepy crawlies 'gunning' for gun factory, colonies", "text": "JABALPUR: With Leopards crocodiles and pythons roaming or slithering free, the forced wildlife-fortnight has left here residents badly shaken. There are reports of at least two leopards stalking the high security zone of ordinance factory which has also seen a sudden invasion of creepy crawlies in clutches - even near the gun carriage factory- while Panagar and Umaria at the outskirt seem to have become a hot destination for crocks.One strayed into a residential colony and one seen loitering on the Pariyat ghat has triggered off panic in the low lying areas even though forest authorities, perpetually in a denial mode, would rather trash the sightings as mostly rumors.The affected are not at all amused. \"Running into a crocodile is an experience one would like to avoid at all cost,\" begins Sunil Upadhyay, a farmer in Mehgawon Pariyat who was the first to raise an alarm and alert others last Friday. \"This one looked more menacing than the one we had spotted a few days earlier,\" he elaborated. However reporting the truant to the authorities is the last thing on his mind. Upadhyaya and his neighbours have devised their own safety drill by stocking on iron tipped lathis to deal with any emergency instead of making futile rounds of DFO office, he told TOI on Monday.The forest bigwigs are unmoved. A crocodile in these colonies is a pretty common sight, declared chief conservator of forest (CCF) Rajesh Kumar. This has been happening for years now people, have become more vigilant, he said. Similar is the case with pythons, he added.\" Fringe areas in the city around the forest area have been the natural habitat of the wild animals. Since none of the colonizers have bothered to seek clearance from the forest department before construction, occupants there have no option but to learn to live with this occasional menace, he observed.Manish Kulshrestha, a local wild life expert and officially authorized by the department to catch snake and python, would rather blame organized gang of snake charmers. \"I have reasons to believe that they are catching and releasing the reptiles from one colony to other. This transfer business, claimed Kulshreshtha is proving to be quite lucrative as people are willing to pay any amount to buy back normalcy\".And how about leopards showing up? The CCF explains away the occurrence as simple case of overactive feline hormones. \"Onset of winters is the mating time so they run around quite a bit,\" he claimed conveniently forgetting the antics of a female leopard with three cubs who had tried to maul a school teacher in the GCF only four months ago. The seasonal problems Kumar would have one believe will gradually pass off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17107458", "title": "Undertrial flees on Metro as cops watch", "text": "NEW DELHI: An undertrial, wanted for murder and robbery, gave two Gurgaon cops the slip on Monday when he allegedly boarded a crowded Metro train at Kashmere Gate station during evening rush hour, leaving his police escorts behind on the platform.Undertrial Sandeep Kumar , 23, boarded the train with handcuffs tied to a rope, the other end of which was tied to head constable Manoj's belt. By the time Manoj and constable Tejpal could get on the train, doors shut and the train started moving, the two Haryana cops later told Delhi Police.The head constable ran a few metres with the train and then had to untie the rope attached to his belt as the train picked up speed. Sandeep, clad in a shawl, managed to escape. By the time the next station was checked, there was no sign of him.The two cops were escorting Sandeep back to Bhondsi jail, where he was lodged, after attending a hearing in Chandigarh. He has 17 cases registered against him in NCR and Haryana.Delhi Police cops, investigating the case, raised doubts on the chain of events as claimed by the two policemen. They said CCTV footage at various Metro stations was being scanned but Sandeep had not showed up on any camera yet. DMRC authorities and CISF, in charge of security at Metro stations, are helping with the investigations.According to additional DCP (railways) Sanjay Bhatia, the two cops escorting Sandeep had boarded a bus to Delhi from Chandigarh. \"After arriving at the Kashmere Gate ISBT, the cops wanted to board the Metro to HUDA City Centre from where they would have continued their journey to Bhondsi. The accused gave the cops a slip at the Metro station. We are investigating the cops' claims and the exact sequence of events,\" said Bhatia.A case has been registered at the Kashmere Gate police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17107278", "title": "Thackeray raps Shinde over Pak cricket ties", "text": "MUMBAI: Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray on Monday lambasted union home minister Sushilkumar Shinde for allowing the India-Pakistan cricket series in the country.Thackeray made a passionate appeal to all patriotic Indians to disrupt the India-Pakistan cricket matches, scheduled to be held in New Delhi, Kolkata, Chennai and Bengaluru to be held soon.\"If you have an iota of shame left, in you then you should take back your statement justifying the India-Pakistan test series,\" Thackeray said while lashing out at Shinde, who has said that the past should be buried in the larger interest of bilateral ties.\"The India-Pakistan equations have been violent since Partition. How can one forget the killings of helpless and innocent Mumbaikars in the Pakistan-sponsored 26/11 attacks? Kasab's mercy petition is pending with the union government. Eleven years have passed since the SC sentenced Afzal Guru to death penalty. He attacked India's Parliament. It is ridiculous to have cricketing ties with Pakistan which is brazenly plotting terroristattacks on India. All this is because the country's leadership is immature. This is India's misfortune,\" Thackeray said.Crossing swords with the Sena, NCP spokesperson Nawab Malik on Monday tore into Thackeray senior's statement.\"While Sena is opposing the cricket series, the Thackerays had rolled out a red carpet for ex-Pakistani cricketer Javed Miandad a few years ago.\" Pointing out that Miandad is a close relative of underworld don Dawood Ibrahim , Malik said, \"Sena is playing the emotional card.\" Malik further pointed out that the Kargil episode and Parliament attack by Afzal Guru took place during the regime of NDA, of which Sena is an ally.\"The Sena doesn't have any presence outside Maharashtra and is talking of disrupting cricket matches in other parts of the country. This is nothing but an emotional appeal and a hollow threat to consolidate vote banks,\" Malik added.NCP takes a dig at GadkariOn Monday, NCP spokesperson Nawab Malik said by comparing Swami Vivekanand's IQ with underworld gangster Dawood Ibrahim's, BJP president Nitin Gadkari \"has proved that his IQ is at par with the gangster's\". However, Gadkari said he had been misquoted. \"What I meant was that if a person utilizes his IQ positively he can do good work like Swamiji did, if not, he can become Dawood,\" Gadkari said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17108964", "title": "Accused says he paid cop Rs 2L bribe to escape from cases", "text": "TRICHY: An accused, who was arrested by the Trichy police, took them by surprise after he pointed fingers at a police constable for taking Rs 2 lakh as bribe to make him escape from car theft cases. However, the police officials denied any such wrongdoing.Even as this issue was raging at the Trichy police headquarters on Monday evening, commissioner of police, Sailesh Kumar Yadav, transferred five police constables - Murugan, Pazhaniyappan, Sathiyamoorthy from Fort Traffic wing and Sahabuddin, Radhakrishnan from Fort Alpha team to Armed Reserve police following a series of allegations against them for collecting bribes from the shops ahead of Diwali.Police said that a special team detained a certain Rajamani, 29, who was wanted in a car theft case. He was arrested for stealing a car of one Madhavan from Kozhikode in Kerala on October 30. The Kozhikode police were searching for the car. As a Global Positioning System (GPS) was fitted with the car, the Kozhikode police could easily locate route of the car. The car was taken to Dindigul via Pollachi and Karur and finally reached Trichy. The Kerala police informed their Trichy counterparts about this. Based on the information, the special team detained Rajamani with the stolen car near Trichy central bus stand on Saturday. Later, he was handed over to the Kozhikode police.Police said that Rajamani had earlier been arrested and 15 stolen cars had been seized from him few months back. Since some of the cars were stolen in Trichy, Fort police were investigating the case.During the preliminary investigation, Rajamani blamed the special team constable Baalu for already collecting Rs 2 lakh as bribe, to relieve him from a number of other car theft cases. The startling revelation shocked the city police. The issue was brought to the notice of Yadav, who ordered the assistant commissioner of police (intelligence section) C P Kandasamy to probe into the allegation against the constable.Kandasamy said that he conducted an inquiry with constable Baalu, the special team sub-inspector Thenkumar and an SI from Kozhikode and stated that Rajamani's allegation was false.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "sivakasi", "code": "17108990", "title": "Robbery attempt at Mudalipatti fireworks site", "text": "SIVAKASI: Police thwarted a robbery attempt from the premises of Om Sakthi Fireworks in Mudalipatti near Sivakasi on Sunday morning, where a major fire broke out on September 5, killing 40 people. On Sunday morning, three people attempted to loot the fireworks stored in the sealed godown of the abandoned unit. The trio had managed to load 74 bundles of fireworks, estimated to be worth nearly Rs 4 lakh, onto a truck, when the police arrived at the spot. The gang immediately fled with the loot they had loaded in the truck. However, police managed to apprehend the culprits after a chase on the Govindanallur stretch.Police said the leaser of the unit, P Murugesan, 49, who is out on bail after he was arrested in connection with the accident, had allegedly orchestrated the loot along with his associate, Jayaraj. They had hired a truck and came to the factory site on Sunday morning. Though the security guards expressed their resentment, the trio managed to break open the gates of the godown with a rod and loaded the firework bundles onto the truck.Jayaraj, truck driver Balamurugan and cleaner, Kalaiarasan were arrested by the police while Murugesan managed to give the slip. \"We have arrested three persons and seized the truck used in this incident. We are looking out for Murugesan, who is the kingpin in the robbery,\" a police official said. With Diwali nearing, the leaser had decided to sell the stored stock in the unit, police said.After the incident, police had sealed the Om Sakthi Fireworks site and the remaining buildings to prevent any trespassing. Officials had also undertaken several stringent measures against fireworks' units in Sivakasi for violating various safety norms. A central team from the Council for Scientific and Industrial Research visited Sivakasi to find out the best practices to prevent such accidents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17107488", "title": "State to set up four B-schools", "text": "KOLKATA: For the first time in the history of Bengal, the state government will set up four management schools to cater to the growing demand of B-school berths. The state will also set up four engineering colleges, after a 16-year gap, and the B-schools will operate out of these colleges. They will be known as 'technical campuses', said sources in the higher education department.The B-schools, to be set up in Darjeeling, Jalpaiguri, Murshidabad and Purulia, will offer two-year courses and have industries as their partners.The decision comes in the wake of exorbitant fees charged by most management schools, keeping them out of reach for many, say sources. In comparison, the government schools will not only keep the fees reasonable but also offer subsidy. The quality of education will be also not be compromised upon.\"There is a very high demand for B-school berths. The government wants to reap the benefit as well, while ensuring that students are not fleeced or put through a course that will not make them employable. We shall have industries as partners that will provide access to valuable inputs and help in campus placements,\" said an official of the higher education department.Each B-school will have 60 seats and students will have to either appear for a test conducted by the West Bengal University of Technology (WBUT) or sit for GMAT to gain admission.\"The colleges will be set up entirely with government funds. We have written to the four district magistrates requesting for land,\" said another official of the higher education department.\"Despite a cap on the fee of private institutes, complaints pour in regarding the violation of norms. Setting up four new government B-schools will solve this problem to some extent,\" the official added. It will take two years to prepare the infrastructure for the technical campuses.Besides the four government B-schools, 30 more business schools will be set up across the state in the 12th five-year plan period. \"These will be done on PPP model. Private players will be invited to incur the cost along with part government funding ,\" informed the official.Earlier, the government had no power to inspect existing B-schools and keep a check on the quality of education. There was no way to ensure that the private institutes were adhering to guidelines. \"The amendment in the WBUT Act has now ensured that we can inspect private engineering colleges along with universities. Similarly, the existing B-schools can also be inspected. Thus, quality control will be ensured not only in government B-schools but also in the ones to be set up on the PPP model,\" informed the official.\"The government being the largest stakeholder can always have an excellent tie-up with the industry. The government management colleges, at a reasonable cost, will lure more students. The PPP model B-schools will be set up at strategic locations which are close to the industry,\" he added.The state government will soon be claiming a share of the B-school pie. In an unprecedented move, it has decided to set up four management schools across West Bengal to cater to the growing demand for B-school berths. The two-year courses will be offered at four new engineering colleges of which the B-schools are going to be a part. These will be known as \"Technical Campuses\", according to sources in the higher education department.To be set up at Darjeeling, Jalpaiguri, Murshidabad and Purulia, the B-schools will have industries as their partners. Among the reasons behind the move is the exorbitant fee charged by most B-schools that keep them put of bounds for many. The government schools will keep their charges reasonable and offer subsidy. They will also ensure quality education, something which has been lacking in several private B-schools in the state.\"There is a very high demand for B-school berths. The government wants to reap the benefit as well, even while ensuring that students are not fleeced or put through a course that will not make them employable. We shall have industries as partners that will provide access to valuable inputs and help campus placements,\" said an official.Each school will have 60 seats. Students will be admitted either through the B-school admission test conducted by the West Bengal University of Technology (WBUT) or through GMAT. The schools might open their doors in 2013. It will be after a 16 year-gap that the government has planned to set up engineering institutes. It has never dabbled in management education. B-schools will help expand education in backward districts like Purulia and Murshidabad, It's being felt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17109632", "title": "Greed. Not a deadly sin, merely a fallen angel", "text": "When we decided to launch the Times of India Literary Carnival last December, we wanted it to be a unique, inclusive event, as urban in its animal spirits as in its geography. So we spun it around Mumbai's objects of desire and their intersection with literature. The changing colour, caste and creed of money, films, food, relationships, celebrity sauntered in and out of the magical world of books. So did the 9,000 people who made a long weekend of it at the historic Mehboob Studios. The second edition of our literary carnival retains this design, but centres on the most basic instinct of Mumbai, indeed of every hungering metropolis. Our core theme this December is 'Greed, The City, And The Pursuit Of Happiness'.Lips will be pursed, eyes rolled, delicate nostrils will quiver and hypocritical oaths be muttered. 'Greed?' The incredulous query will find a score of sanctimonious intonations. Why propitiate the demon that has tripped up our swagger into the league of extraordinary nations? Wasn't corruption our avatar of Hurricane Sandy, mocking our hubris, blowing away our grandiose notions of self and economic growth. So, why indeed are we sullying the pristine world of literature with its grubby flaws?Because this litfest is about Mumbai, which was born out of, weaned on and grew to seductive womanhood on one enduring entity : aspiration. Greed is but its cousin, the angel that fell from grace. Both these ultimate driving machines have the same vrooming DNA; the only difference is that in Greed's case the brakes fail. Fatally.The fallen angel comes from pedigreed bloodstock. It beckons from 'Paradise Lost', the fix of every Eng Lit junkie. Milton describes Satan as being 'brighter once amidst the host of Angels, than the sun amidst the stars'. In religious mythology, God created the Archangels, Gabriel, Michael, Raphael and Lucifer. They were perfect, powerful and bonded as a family till God crafted Mankind, and commanded this favoured foursome to venerate His latest product. Lucifer refused, and was cast out of Heaven.Like Lucifer, whom Christianity morphed into Satan, Greed didn't start out as the bad guy. It just became so along the way. Greed is sired by aspiration and grows in the womb of determination, so one can't fault its lineage. Its problems, like those of the failed brakes, is that it doesn't know when to stop. Think of the once-hosannaed Rajat Gupta. Or the still shamelessly swashbuckling Vijay Mallya. As was cleverly said at the indictment of McGupta : 'What does a man who has everything want? The answer is 'More'.\" It's precisely that four-letter word which makes desirable 'aspiration' mutate into unconscionable 'greed'.Yet, hadn't we made a life mantra of this insatiable syllable. The surround sound of consumerism brainwashed us with its anthem : 'Gimme More'. From softdrinks to sex, from moolah to ooh la-la, the yearn-churn screamed, 'Yeh dil mangey more !'. In our desperate clamber up the dizzying ladder, we weren't supposed to consider the cons. In fact, another kind underwent a reverse mutation. Natty conmen, and women, rode the crest of the hunger tide, feted and emulated.There was no place or time for cautionary thought because 'Gimme More' had enlisted 'Just Do It' into its endgame. No surprise then that, after the excess, we woke up to the staggering realization of 'the more the scarier'. Dr Aspiration Jekyll had turned into Mr Greed Hyde, and turned ordinary people into unflinching murderers. You didn't think it wasn't okay to kill someone just because you wanted his penthouse or his BMW. You simply didn't think. Like in any business, the JV of Gimme More and Just Do It went for the jugular. Literally. Vijay Palande and Simran Sood weren't exceptions. And in this necropolis, ghoulish media feasted nightly on torsos chopped into bitesized pieces.Aspiration gone awry even held kids to ransom. The teenaged Adnan Patrawala was kidnapped by his peers to bankroll a must-have lifestyle. A Mumbai adolescent murdered his grandmother to steal money for a motorbike. The pattern has become chillingly familiar.Yet when you think of it these passions had started out as being perfect, unexceptionable, even essential. Parents teach children to aspire to the good things in life; to succeed you are supposed to have the 'killer instinct'. Like 'going for the jugular'. Right? But it can go horribly wrong.Whom or what do we blame? It's easy to round up the usual suspects : Western decadence, terminal mallignancy, Page Three. People didn't murder for material gains before the arrival of these corrupting intruders? The point is, these hisswords didn't invent greed. They simply made it sexy. And the angels fell.Perhaps our earlier hypocrisies served a purpose. We worshipped Lakshmi, but money was ostensibly a dirty word. Now that the making and spending of it has been freed from the moral straitjacket, it's bound to lapse occasionally into violence. It was part of the deal when we moved out of our mandi mohalla and into consumerism's many-towered Camelot. So, do we want to turn the clock back, and return from the bliss of multiple brands to the time when the only choice was 'Take it or leave it'? If we so deliriously chose Aspiration Unbound, we have to learn to accept its uncontrollable cousin, Greed.(Bachi Karkaria is Festival Director of the Times of India Literary Carnival, along with Associate Director, Namita Devidayal.)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17109625", "title": "HC stays CIC orders on golf club", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab and Haryana high court on Monday stayed orders of Central Information Commission (CIC) through which CIC had brought city's elitist Chandigarh Golf Club (CGC) under the purview of Right to Information (RTI) Act. HC passed these orders while hearing a petition filed by CGC against the orders of CIC passed on October 8.In its petition, CGC has argued that CIC has erred in taking a myopic and hyper-technical view of the provisions laid down under Section 2 (h) of the Right to Information Act, 2005, and CGC does not fall within the laid down parameters, and hence cannot be considered to fall within the purview and definition of public authority.It was argued by the club that Golf Club was not a commercial establishment, rather a social establishment catering to the welfare of members. On October 8, CIC had held the club to be a \"public authority' and asked the club authorities to set up a mechanism within four weeks for the delivery of RTI services to any member of the public. The decision was taken by CIC member Deepak Sandhu in response to a complaint filed by city resident Brig (retd) Sukhdev Singh. HC has now fixed January 10 as the next date of hearing and asked Brig (retd) Sukhdev Singh to file his response in the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17100681", "title": "Who stalked Karan Singh Grover?", "text": "Lady killer and charming actor of Zee TV's Qubool Hai, Karan Singh Grover (Asad in the show) had loads of adventures while shooting in Bhopal recently.Amidst undertaking various water sports , doing risky stunts with cars and bikes and jumping off the cliffs, he noticed that he was being stalked by a woman during his entire stay in Bhopal. The woman claimed she was KSG's biggest fan and refused to budge from the sets.She followed Karan everywhere and would spend the remaining hours in front of the hotel where Karan was put up. One very early morning while Karan was stepping out of the hotel for a jog by the lake, he was startled to find the woman waiting for him on the street across the hotel.The next morning, the woman came with her husband to Ranjit Lake where the unit was shooting. She was so much in love with Karan that she begged and pleaded the director to add a small scene between Karan and her in the show. Says Gul Khan, the director and producer of the show, \"We couldn't believe the audacity of the woman. She was so hell bent on filming a scene with Karan. It was awfully nice of Karan to take her aside and chat up with her, click pictures with her and request her to leave the sets.\"Just when one thought that the terror was over, the same woman turned up at the shoot the next day and started stalking Rishabh Sinha (who plays the character of Ayaan in Qubool Hai). He too, like Karan, had to make her sit on his bike and click pictures with her and only then did she agree to leave him in peace. By the third day of the shoot in Bhopal, word had spread that a TV shoot was happening at Ranjit Lake with Karan Singh Grover and a huge crowd had gathered at the lake just to catch a glimpse of Karan. Says Gul Khan, \"He was mobbed literally. We were scared seeing the mammoth gathering. I told my unit to get extra security so that the shoot could be completed without any hindrance. Karan had to commute in a police car for security reasons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17102077", "title": "The games girls play during Diwali", "text": "Day time cards parties for women are all the rage in the city this Diwali seasonThey say gambling on Diwali is auspicious. And taking that a tad too seriously in Lucknow is the ghar ki Lakshmi, or the lady of the house. Which is why the social circuit here is abuzz with all-women cards parties. There never was any reason to keep girls away from gambling. But this year, they've decided to outdo the men, nay, even dispense with them altogether, as they head out for some girlie fun.All dressed up It all began with kitty parties during this period being converted into cards parties. But now, a 100-strong all-women's cards bash is quite the thing to do. Since big card parties at night have become fewer over the years, perhaps this is just a good excuse for women to dress up in all their festive finery and socialize. And though these dos are organized typically in the afternoons, the shimmery make-up and blingy jewellery are on display with elan. \"Women prepare special wardrobes for the festive season. With such few couple get-togethers being organized in the city these days - imagine now, throwing a party for 100 couples, who wants to go through the trouble! - the girls are using these daytime card soirees to indulge in a little show-off,\" says Mohita Puri, a regular at these cards parties.Money matters Mohita makes a valid point - organizing a party for 100 couples, or more, sure is a daunting task. But inviting over a hundred girls over for cards? Not so much. As Kakul Agarwal explains, \"One of the reasons why such parties have become so popular is not just because they're easier to organize, but also because they're far more economical. For one, the expenditure on drinks is much less. Then, the timing is such that you're neither hosting a lunch nor a dinner, and therefore you save on that account as well. And even if you leave the money part aside, these afternoon soirees are so much easier to manage than late night parties!\"But if you ask us, there's little economy exercised in the stakes being played at these parties, most of which are hosted at the host's residence. A guest can leave a party richer or poorer by 10-15 grands, depending on the game she plays. Usually, girls play a table limit of `300, that goes up to `600 in a round of 'fair deal', which happens when all the cut cards are distributed with no cards left in hand or are needed to finish the deal.Games people play Compared to what more serious gamblers play, 300 is a low limit for a table. Around Diwali, the stakes can go up to as high as `1200-3000 per move, and sometimes, sky's the limit. \"Not surprisingly, a lot of men who play these stakes are reluctant to play outside their circle of six to eight friends. They do meet up regularly, but sans the wives. And that's one of the reasons why women feel the need to meet up, socialize and enjoy some light-hearted gambling, independently,\" says Manya Rastogi, who's been invited to at least five such card parties in less than a month. \"Since the men are out playing cards almost every single night, the women need their gambling reprieve too this time of the year,\" she laughs.The way men and women gamble isn't just different for the amount of money they're ready to risk at a game of cards. While men are more serious gamblers, women play for fun, and do not stick to the traditional teen patti. \"Women enjoy 'variations' in the game, and rarely play plain flush,\" shares Anshu Mehra, who gets to learn new games each time she visits her relatives in Delhi.(All names have been changed on request)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17108900", "title": "Three-day protest of varsity teachers from today", "text": "ALLAHABAD: To protest against non-fulfillment of demands submitted by the teachers of all constituent colleges of Allahabad University, the members of Allahabad University Constituent Colleges Teachers Association (AUCCTA) will wear black ribbons during the duty hours from November 6 to 8. This was decided in the general body meeting of AUCCTA.AUCCTA will hold a general body meeting on November 8 to review the situation. The teachers will also take out a silent protest march on November 22. The teachers participating in the protest march will take mass casual leave on the day. The association has already written to the President, MHRD minister and vice-chancellor.AUCCTA general secretary KK Tiwari said their demands include non-promotion of nearly 100 eligible teachers of 11 constituent colleges under CAS, appointment of teaching and non-teaching staff in the colleges and two advance increments to teachers of colleges for PhD/DPhil granted by the Executive Council.Likewise, postgraduation in colleges is the need of the time but in spite of ordinances, the university authorities are denying this opportunity to the college since long, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17106927", "title": "Elderly widow found murdered in Malad", "text": "MUMBAI: An elderly widow was brutally murdered at her Malad (W) residence while her daughter was away at work on Sunday. Nirmala Vora (73) was found in a pool of blood by her only daughter, Chetna (52), when the latter returned home around 11.30pm. Chetna, who is single, runs a juice shop at Inorbit mall, Malad. Robbery appears to be the motive behind the murder as the killer made off with cash and ornaments collectively worth Rs 3.3 lakh, police said.Nirmala and Chetna resided at Nemani compound on SV Road, Malad. Chetna used to work as a beautician before she started a juice shop at a Kandivli-based mall. She had recently shut the Kandivli shop and opened a new one at Inorbit mall.Nirmala was home alone on Sunday after Chetna left for work. Around 4.30pm, Balram Jaiswal, who worked at the juice shop and also did odd jobs for the Voras, knocked on the door. \"He collected some material for the shop and left. Neighbours had seen him arrive,\" a police officer said. An hour later, a tempo arrived with stacks of sugarcane for Chetna's shop from a dealer's godown. The tempo driver and his three helpers offloaded the stacks at Nirmala's doorstep and issued her a receipt. They left around 5.40 pm,\" the officer said.\"Nirmala used to have dinner before sunset as part of a religious practice in Jainism. But on Sunday, a cooked meal that she hadn't eaten was found in her kitchen. This means that she was killed some time between 5.40pm and 7pm, when dusk sets in,\" he added.When Chetna reached home, she found the door to the house ajar. Inside, Nirmala was lying on the floor with her throat slit. A bloody knife was also found. \"We heard Chetna scream and rushed to check what had happened. We then informed the police,\" said neighbour Jay Shah. None of the neighbours reported hearing any commotion from the house during the attack.A canine squad brought to the house on Sunday followed the accused's scent till Inorbit mall. \"We have picked up a few persons for questioning, including Chetna's employee. Not much was disturbed in the house, which leads us to believe that the killer was aware where the valuables were kept. Apart from Rs 30,000 in cash and gold ornaments weighing ten tolas, the accused also made off with lots of sarees. The probe is focused on Nirmala and Chetna's acquaintances, current and former employees and frequent visitors to the house,\" said additional commissioner Sunil Paraskar. The police are now checking Nirmala's cellphone call records. Neighbours said the Voras used to keep to themselves and did not mingle much.A case of murder has been registered by the Malad police. Footage from CCTV cameras installed at a petrol pump nearby will be examined. Cops suspect that the killer was known to the family. Chetna was in shock and did not comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17108295", "title": "Don't make probe panel toe govt line: Ashok Khemka", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Slamming the Haryana government for issuing press releases giving a \"clean chit\" to Congress president Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law Robert Vadra in the land deal with DLF, IAS officer Ashok Khemka said on Monday that the inquiry committee set up by the government should be allowed to complete its probe instead of the government making its intentions clear to the panel beforehand.Khemka on October 15 had cancelled the mutation of the Vadra-DLF land deal and the government has set up a three-member committee, headed by additional chief secretary Krishna Mohan, to probe the matter.The IAS officer, who received a threat call recently, on Monday met chief secretary P K Chaudhary for about 45 minutes and reiterated that he doesn't need any security cover. Umed Singh, who was arrested last week for making the threat call to Khemka, was an employee of the Haryana Housing Board and was dismissed from services by Khemka in 2006 when he was the administrator of the board.\"Action must be taken against the culprit so that it acts as a deterrent. It would be a symbol of security if SPs, deputy commissioners, DGPs and the chief secretary go to the public without security. They should have confidence in the law. If they feel insecure without security then what about the security of the public?\" he said.\"As per the Constitution, my order on the Vadra-DLF land deal can be challenged only in the Punjab and Haryana high court. If this process is not followed and another probe committee is constituted, it means you (aggrieved parties, including the government) don't have faith in the Constitution. It would be unfortunate. Even then, if they (government) have constituted the committee, it should be allowed to function. Issuance of \"cheap\" press releases is ...(to) pre-judge the decision of the committee.. (and) to tell (committee members) about the intentions of the government,\" said Khemka.In a press release issued on October 26, the state government had quoted the rules to claim that the controversial mutation of Robert Vadra-DLF land deal at Shikhopur village of Gurgaon district was executed as per law.Khemka was transferred from land consolidation department to Haryana Seed Development Corporation shortly after he initiated a probe into the land dealings of Vadra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17107455", "title": "Justice (retired) Umesh C Banerjee passes away", "text": "KOLKATA: Justice (retired) Umesh C Banerjee, who headed the commission probing the Sabarmati Express fire at Godhra, passed away at a city private hospital on Monday after a brief illness. He was 74 and is survived by son Amitesh.Son of Late Nalin Chandra Banerjee, an eminent criminal and constitutional lawyer from Kolkata, Justice Banerjee graduated from the Scottish Church College and went to England to study law.In December, 1964, he was called to the Bar from Inner Temple, London.In 1965, he started practicing at Calcutta high court till being elevated to the Bench in January, 1984. Apart from being the Presiding Judge of the environment bench at Calcutta High Court, he also headed the Principal Appellate Bench (Original Side) of the court.He was one of the founder members of SAARC Law and became the president of its India Chapter. He is well known in the aviation industry and chaired two courts of inquiry, one after a Vayudoot crash near Guwahati in 1989 and an IA crash at Imphal a couple of years later.In 2005, he was also asked to head the commission probing into the fire in the Sabarmati Express that killed 59 Kar Sevaks at Godhra. Though an Ahmedabad court later held there was conspiracy involved, Justice Banerjee continued to stood by his findings, pointing to which pointed to an accidental fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17108659", "title": "Mobile phones worth Rs 11 lakh stolen in Kalupur", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Thieves made away with mobile phones worth Rs 10.85 lakh from a shop in Kalupur on Sunday night. Police have started searching for the accused with the record of past thefts with similar modus operandi.Kalupur police said that Dilaram Asudani, a resident of Rajnigandha Society in Thaltej, owns a shop on ground floor of Sahajanand Market in Kalupur. He received a call on Sunday night that shutter of his shop was half-opened. He rushed to the market and found that somebody had entered his shop after breaking the locks with blunt object.\"As per his complaint, the thieves had rummaged through the display and storage area and had stolen 290 mobile phones of medium and high-end range of various companies, worth totaling Rs 10.82 lakh. The eyewitnesses said that they had seen a loading autorickshaw parked near the shop between 8 pm and 9.45 pm on Sunday. We suspect that the four persons in the auto might be involved in the incident,\" said a Kalupur police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17108412", "title": "Defective condoms spur panicked withdrawal in Gujarat", "text": "AHMEDABAD: What if the \"dotted\" condom used for \"extra pleasure\" turns in an unexpected gift\u00e2\u20ac\u201da pregnancy. Well the probability of such surprises are more according to the Food and Drugs Control Administration (FDCA). The agency is carrying out quality checks on all brands of condoms available in the market in Gujarat . The agency has already taken 10 condom samples and found that three have failed while quality checks on five others are on at its laboratory.In the last five days officers of the FDCA have been collecting samples from chemist shops to test the durability. Food and drugs commissioner HG Koshia told TOI, \"In the last week we tested the condoms for durability, size and the lubricant composition. We found that dotted condoms are vulnerable to bursting in air tests and leaking in water tests as manufacturers use heat to make protrusions on dotted condoms. The tips of these protruding dots are weak and thinner than the rest of the condom. It is these dots that become a problem,\" says Koshia.Last week, the FDCA flashed batch numbers of three condom brands to be cleared off from the shelves of chemists. \"Love 'n' Magic manufactured by Convex Latex in February and Cupid's Cobra dotted condoms manufactured by Cupid Limited in May are the two batches which failed the FDCA tests.The information on both these condoms have been flashed. We are also testing the lubricant composition of the condom as there have been complaints of the material earlier,\" says Koshia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "17109021", "title": "Off-season rain kills festive business", "text": "GARHWA: Off-season drizzle since Friday has brought a sudden change in the temperature here. The minimum temperature has touched 21.3 degree Celsius, four notches above normal. The incessant rain has thrown life out of gear. Several places in the town area have become waterlogged, much to the inconvenience of the commuters, who have been under house arrest.Business too has been badly hit owing to the low turnout of customers. \"Business for Diwali and Chhath is suffering huge losses as there are hardly any customers in the shops,\" said Rajesh Gupta, a businessman. The first showers after the last Hathia rainfall have brought smiles on the faces of farmers, though. \"The rains will boost the prospect of rabi crops and the standing potato crops in the district. Gram and arhar will also be benefitted owing to the rainfall,\" said Nand Lal Mahto, a farmer. Sudden rains have also signalled the arrival of winters in Garhwa. Cold winds have forced the residents to bring out their winter clothes.The off-season rainfall has, however, proved to be a boon for those who observe Chhath as the water-level of both the Danro and Saraswatiya rivers, which was receding has now come up to a considerable level. Last year, people were forced to observe Chhath at makeshift ponds dug at several places in Danro river. At least, knee-deep water is required to worship the Sun God during Chhath. \"We are quite happy with the state of the river this year. This is just right for the festival,\" said Sumitra Devi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17109203", "title": "Bhupen Hazarika fans recall maestro's war-time songs", "text": "GUWAHATI: \"Aji Kameng simanta dekhilu, dekhi sotrur posutta sinilu\" (I have seen the Kameng frontier, and seen the beast in the enemy).This is the line of Bhupen Hazarika's famous song which he composed after visiting the Kameng frontier of North East Frontier Agency (Nefa) following the defeat of Indian soldiers in the hands of People's Liberation Army (PLA) of China in 1962.The song poignantly depicts the scene of bodies of Indian soldiers scattered everywhere in the mountainous terrain of Nefa, now Arunachal Pradesh. The soldiers who died fighting and the defeat India suffered touched Hazarika deeply. The song also shows the patriotism in Hazarika, whose socialist worldview notwithstanding went on to compare the Chinese aggression as beastly.On the first death anniversary of the music maestro, his fans say that Hazarika composed some of the most \"powerful\" and \"patriotic\" songs on the India-China war which will complete fifty years on November 20, the day the war ended at the height of 8, 500 feet above the sea level at Bomdi La in 1962. But his fans rued that many people in the country still do not know much about Hazarika's patriotic songs on the 1962 war primarily due to lack of efforts in popularizing these songs in other Indian languages after they were composed.Kamal Kotoki, who played the guitar with Hazarika, said, \"Bhupenda's songs on the war have the qualities to evoke patriotic emotions as any other songs composed by others in the context of the 1962 aggression. Jawaharlal Nehru was in tears when he listened to Lata Mangeskar's Yeh Mere Watan Ke Logon. I feel that had Bhupenda's 'aji Kameng simanta dekhilu was then available in Hindi and popularized outside the state, the song would be one of the most emotive and patriotic songs on the war.\"Kotoki referred to Hazarika's another song on the war - \"ranaklanta nahau hai muhurto loi, ji muhurtote mur simantate sesh satru daityatir nahai moron\" (I will not be tired of the battle till the death of last enemy on my frontier.)He said that the song was composed to boost the morale of Indian soldiers who were fighting the Chinese in difficult terrain and battling against all odds.\"At a time when our people of the state and across the country were getting demoralized with the imminent outcome of the war, Bhupen Hazarika came out with some of the powerful patriotic songs to boost our morale. The songs are the manifestation of his patriotism,\" said Siddartha Bhattacharya, a lawyer and Hazarika fan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17109261", "title": "Chennai: Thieves target Diwali shoppers in busy areas", "text": "CHENNAI: As Diwali approaches and crowds throng T Nagar, Purasaiwalkam and Flower Bazaar, thieves move stealthily among shoppers as they mill around in shops and on the streets of these busy localities.Police officers say many gangs have come to the city from districts like Tiruvannamalai and Villupuram to make the most of the opportunity to steal from people shopping for the festival. Gangs of thieves from Andhra Pradesh also converge on the city.After policemen detained a gang of four pickpockets from Purasaiwalkam on Sunday night, a police officer said there has been a steep spike in the number of complaints of theft of jewellery and cellphones from shopping hubs.The officer says it's no coincidence that gangs of thieves, mostly women , come to the city at this time of the year. \"They are here because they know a large number of shoppers carrying lots of cash will gather in shopping localities and will make easy pickings,\" he said.Explaining the thieves' modus operandi, a senior police officer said they usually enter shops posing as shoppers and blend in with the crowd. They often pretend to be members of a family out shopping.\"Each member has a specific task. \"They zero in on potential targets as a group, distract them, and skillfully steal valuables they are carrying,\" he said. \"They work in groups because it is more efficient and makes escape easy. After stealing valuables, gang members move the loot swiftly from hand to hand till it reaches the person who is designated to walk away with the booty.\"By the time the shop owner catches hold of the gang member who stole the valuables, they have are already been passed on to another thief and there is no evidence that the person apprehended is the culprit.Many thieves come to the city from Nagari in Andhra Pradesh and districts in south Tamil Nadu. \"Once they have made good pickings, they pack up and return home,\" said T Nagar assistant commissioner of police S Tamil Selvan.Police have installed digital hoardings with more than 50 photographs of habitual offenders and have warned the public to be on guard.Police officers have also instructed shopping malls and stores to instal and closely monitor people with surveillance cameras. \"We have warned them that thieves usually pretend to be customers,\" Tamil Selvan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "malegaon", "code": "17107660", "title": "Hundreds of Adivasis protest in Malegaon demanding land rights", "text": "Malegaon: Led by Satyashodhak Grammen Kashtakari Sabha (SGKS), activists of Nashik and neighbouring districts, hundreds of tribals from Malegaon taluka protested outside the SDM office on Monday demanding restoration of their land rights.\"When the administration in Dhule and Nandurbar districts can speed up the process of restoring land rights for those areas, why not here?\" Dhamale asked.The activist also alleged that as per government notifications and Supreme Court orders, the administration did not have any right to delay land rights' restoration.Dhamale also accused the police of shielding the people involved in the attack on a local SGKS leaders, KD Nana. The protesters dispersed after prant officer Uday Kiswe assured them of immediate actions on their demands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17109910", "title": "Chennai to get taste of Oz literature, music, food", "text": "CHENNAI: There's more to Australia than cricket and kangaroos seemed to be the message the country's government wants to put out as it announced the launch of its three-month OzFest on Monday. The cultural festival, which will run from October 16 to February 5 next year, will showcase Australia's art, food, films, literature, dance, and even beaches.\"Culture is a significant way to expand our bilateral relations and OzFest is Australia's largest cultural festival in India. The two countries interests are converging in many areas,\" said David Holly, consul-general for south India. He said bilateral trade had doubled since 2005 to $20.3 billion, and is expected to double again in the next five years.Holly also released historian S Muthiah's book 'Walkabout in Oz', a compilation of his newspaper and magazine article on travel in Australia. \"This book will be useful for people visiting Australia as well as Indian planning to move there. It will how them a life outside of their campus or office cubicle,\" said Muthiah.The OzFest will be conducted across 18 cities in India. While aboriginal artists, classical musicians, Masterchef hosts, cricketers, writers and theatre artists will tour the country, Chennai will play host to five programmes on literature, music and films.\"While trade has been growing, people-to-people relations are important to sustain the business links,\" said Michael Carter, trade commissioner, Australian Trade Commission.Six writers from Australia and India who have been travelling across the country by train will be Chennai on November 15 and 16 to discuss their work, writing and travels before heading to Australia. The Australian travellers will be novelists Michelle De Kretser and Kirsty Murray, and writer, journalist and media personality Benjamin Law. They will be joined by poet Sudeep Sen, novelist Chandrahas Choundhury, and journalist and fiction writer Annie Zaidi. The other programmes here are a nod to the city's music and cinema scene. Mridangam artist Karaikudi Mani and the Australian Art Orchestra will present 'Two Oceans', a project they've been collaborating on for 15 years.A film and live music show on Australia-born, Bollywood stuntwoman Fearless Nadia will be one of the highlights in Chennai. In December, classic Australian films, both comedies and wartime epics, will be screened during the Chennai International Film Festival in December. They'll wind up the fest in Chennai with an Aussie Beach Day in January on the Marina with cricket, yoga, food stalls and music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17110311", "title": "Over one-third votes already casted for US president polls as voters exercise early voting provision", "text": "WASHINGTON: As polling centres in the US open this morning to decide who will sit in the White House for the next four years, over one-third of the voters have already exercised their franchise using the provision of early voting.According to latest figured complied by the US Election Project of the George Mason University , more than 30.5 million voters had already cast their ballots.Barack Obama , who casted his vote through early voting along with First Lady Michelle Obama , led from the front as he became the first US President to do so.Long queues were seen in several key battleground states including Florida and Ohio, where people waited for several hours for their turn to cast their ballots.Seeing the warm response by voters and the last minute rush yesterday, project believes that the figures will cross the previous highest of 41 million recorded in 2008 polls.Michael P McDonald, Associate Professor at the George Mason University, has projected that some 35 percent of the total eligible electorates will case early voting this year.In some States like Florida, more than half of the voters will have already cast their votes.As the term indicates, Early Voting means casting vote before the Election Day either by mail or in person. The time and date of early voting varies from state to state.Any US citizen above the age of 18 is eligible to vote in the US general elections.In Florida, by Sunday more than 4.5 million people had already cast their votes.The number was high in several other States as well with Colorado (1.7 million), Georgia (1.8 million), Iowa (640,000), North Carolina (2.7 million), Ohio (1.6 million), Oregon (1.1 million), Tennessee (1.45 million) and Texas (3.4 million), according to figures released by the US Election Project.These votes will be counted along with the other votes this evening after polling closes.In the US, any American national above the age of 18 is eligible to vote in the general elections.But those in prison, probation or in parole are debarred from voting.According to the Project, in 2012 an estimated 219 million people are eligible to cast their votes.An estimated 3.2 million - though having attained the voting age - are not eligible to vote because either they are in prison (1.6 million) or are on probation (1.32 million) or are on parole (about 630,000).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17108806", "title": "5 gold chains worth Rs 2.3L snatched in three hours", "text": "PUNE: Five gold chains amounting to Rs 2.31 lakh were snatched within three hours between 8 pm and 11 pm in different parts of the city on Sunday.Malini Rajaram Bathe (64) of Sadashiv Peth has lodged a complaint with the Khadak police station stating that on Sunday around 8 pm, she and her sister Kunda Arvind Khole were walking towards Bhikardas Maruti temple chowk at Sadashiv Peth, when two persons on motorcycle snatched her gold chain worth Rs 70,000 and fled.Bathe has given a description of the two to the police, said police inspector Sandipan Sawant.Within 15 minutes of this incident, the duo struck again at Kasaba Peth. They snatched a gold chain worth Rs 32,500 of Pratibha Ramchandra Mondhe's (75), a resident of Shaniwar Peth, and fled. Inspector of Faraskhana police station Dnyaneshwar Bhosale is investigating.The third incident took place at Chinchwad in which two motorcycle-borne suspects snatched two gold chains worth Rs 73,500 of Kanta Yadav (55) of Sambhajinagar in Chichwad. The incident took place around 8.45 pm, when Yadav was returning home with her husband, said inspector of Nigdi police station P N Supekar.The fourth chain-snatching incident took place around 11 pm at Bhavani Peth. Gangamati Pamu (42) of Bhavani Peth was returning home, when two suspects on motorcycle snatched her gold chain worth Rs 55,000 and fled. The Samarth police are investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17108968", "title": "Seminar on transparency in public procurement", "text": "RANCHI: Vigilance commissioner R Sri Kumar on Monday emphasized on the need for transparency in public procurement. He was speaking here at a seminar on 'Transparency in Public Procurement' organized by Central Coalfields Limited (CCL) as part of vigilance awareness week at Indian Institute of Coal Mines (IICM) in Kanke.Kumar emphasized on the value of money as public procurement involved huge amount of public money. \"We have to justify the price of material in a democracy. We have to prove our consciousness as the volume of public procurement is large,\" said Kumar.He also advocated introduction of an information technology in the tendering process so that it becomes more transparent and fair. \"If more people participate, then it will lead to competitive price. People should be empowered through technologies as we are living in an information era,\" he said.Chairman-cum-managing director of CCL, Gopal Singh, said the company has decided to have single entry and single exit point in the mines in the first phase. \"We have 59 mines and seven washeries. In many mines and washeries, single entry and single exit point have already been started. We are also planning to install CCTV camera and GPS based monitoring in the later phase,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17107760", "title": "Rampant use of antibiotics making pneumonia a killer", "text": "NAGPUR: More incidences of a disease generally equip doctors to manage it better. However, it is the opposite in case of pneumonia, especially the one acquired at the hospitals. Doctors blame indiscriminate use of antibiotics, which has made the pathogens causing this disease more resistant, for making this condition a potentially fatal one.These were among the many topics discussed during a symposium and clinical meeting of Academy of Medical Sciences on pneumonia held ahead of the World Pneumonia Day that falls on November 9. While Dr PP Joshi and Dr Amol Sagdeo presented some interesting cases, Dr Ravindra Sarnaik, Dr Sanjeev Mehta, Dr Shrinivas Samavedam, Dr Yagnesh Thakkar and Dr Nainesh Patel spoke about the various aspects of managing the disease.President of AMS Dr Rajan Barokar said other than the known viral originated pneumonia, bacterial and fungal pneumonia is increasingly being reported. \"Managing pneumonia and its higher form - acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) - is a challenge for the critical care team,\" he said. Agreeing with this, Dr Chandrashekhar Cham, secretary of AMS, added that secondary infections of this kind acquired at hospitals are emerging as big killers in ICUs. Dr Sarnaik said with many ailments coexisting, the treatment gets more complicated and longer.Dr Samavedam informed that 40 per cent patients visiting OPD have respiratory infections while 15 per cent have pneumonia. \"A lot of cases do not even get reported as they occur at places where medical services may not be well developed,\" he said. He warned that parents must be cautious when children have fever that persists for more than two days or is acquired after returning from a holiday or after consuming outside food.Dr Mehta gave the example of France where government rewards the doctors who give least number of antibiotics and make the patients aware about their misuse. \"The pathogens that cause hospital acquired infections are immune to many of the common antibiotics. This has given rise to stronger microbes that are lurking around the hospital. Instead of trying different medications, doctors must send the cultures for laboratory tests to decide the course of drugs,\" said Dr Thakkar.Dr Patel spoke of a newly emerging form of pneumonia that has resulted from high resistance among the pathogens called health care associated infections. \"This means that the disease, even if acquired outside the hospital or in the community, becomes difficult to treat due to resistance from the organisms causing them,\" he explained.Dr SK Deshpande blamed lack of hygiene and overcrowded living spaces for this phenomenon. \"Urban slums and a general apathy towards cleanliness have made this situation so bad,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17107904", "title": "Report paints bleak picture of higher education sector", "text": "NEW DELHI: Painting a bleak picture of the higher education scenario in India an industry report pointed out that its gross enrolment ratio (GER) of 16% was much below the world average of 27%, while 90% of colleges were average or below average in 2010, on the basis of their NAAC accreditation.The higher education sector is plagued with various challenges such as low GER and lack of quality research and education, said the report \"Higher Education in India: Twelveth five year plan and beyond\" by Planning Commission-FICCI-Ernst &amp; Young.This situation is compounded by 11% increase in student enrolment in higher education and a 9% growth in institutions during the last decade, it added.Speaking on the issue, minister of state (MoS) for HRD Shashi Tharoor said that the university system was not producing \"well-educated\" graduates to meet needs of Indian companies, giving an opportunity to firms to enter the sector in the \"guise\" of training.He also said that the national education policy in the past has been out of step with the times.\"The major problem remains that our national education policy in the past has remained out of step with the time. Whereas countries in the Middle-East and China are going out of their way to woo foreign universities to set up campuses in their countries, India turned away many academic suitors who have come calling in recent years,\" he said.Speaking at a two-day higher education summit, Tharoor said, \"Companies are entering the higher education space in the guise of training. Our university system simply is not producing well educated graduates to meet the needs of Indian companies today.\"The HRD minister said there will be no need for many Indian students to go abroad to study if good higher education institutes were set up in the country. \"We will also work towards putting our reform agenda back on track,\" he added.Tharoor said there is a proposal to establish 50 centres for research in frontier areas of science, design innovation centres, innovation centres in different universities and also research parts of the IITs and other technical institutions. \"If finally established, it would transform the research environment in our country,\" he said.The government has proposed several initiatives in the 12th Five Year Plan (2012-17) in the areas of expansion, excellence and funding. It intends to achieve enrolment of 35.9 million students in higher education institutions, with a GER of 25.2%, by the end of the 12th Plan period through the co-existence of multiple types of institutions, including research-centric, teaching and vocation-focused ones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17107531", "title": "Dorota to open new horizon at fest", "text": "KOLKATA: It is likely that you haven't heard of Dorota Kedzierzawska, who arrives Friday for the inauguration on Saturday. It is far more likely - indeed, a certainty that you won't forget the Polish filmmaker once you see Tomorrow Will Be Better, Nothing, I Am, Crow, End Of the World, in the New Horizon section of the 18th Kolkata Film Festival.Dorota, born 1957 to a documentary filmmaker, graduated from Poland's national film school at Lodz, studied direction in Moscow, is making films since 1988, and has put her signature on the celluloid art. Still, she is little known in the citadels of cinema. The reason? Her unobtrusive nature that offers a contrast to the ways of showbiz. But that very reason allows her to train her curiosity on the world tucked inside newspapers, or on forgotten backlanes, and portray them with empathy, love, understanding, friendship, concern, compassion.Meet her protagonists. Petya of Tomorrow... is a 6-year-old Ukrainian street urchin. Along with his 10-year-old brother and his friend, he travels across the electrified boundary marking Russia from Poland - only to be sent back. Wrona, 10-year-old and nicknamed 'Crow', has no friends , is chided by her teacher, locked out by her mother... She kidnaps a 3-year-old cherubic toddler, in order to love and be loved. Like Wrona, Kundel aka Mongrel, 11, is humiliated at the start of I Am, shamed by society, disowned by his mother. In turn he rejects authority, crafts a career selling junk, makes his home in a dilapidated barge, finds love through an 8-year 'outcast' from a rich family.The adults fare no better. Hela has 'Nothing' to look forward to in her life although the mother of three is expecting a fourth. The child on its way is not only unwanted, it is a threat to her tenuous hold on her insensitive husband who snubs her when she makes to kiss him. The End of the World unfolds an unvarnished chapter in the life of two people who, over 50 years, seem to have ended all their sweet nothings, small talks, even arguments that make for marriages. So the film evolves not through dialogues but tender close-ups, anxious glances, indulgent looks, uncertain waits, resolute sighs - faithful translations of emotions even when love has dried up.Dorota sketches desolate landscapes of the mind. Her protagonists are withdrawn, isolated, discarded. Beaten they may be, by age, gender, dependent position. They're also marginalised by poverty. But defeated? Never. They're driven by their belief that the future will be brighter. In every single film, and with surgical precision, Dorota shows the optimism coursing through these fragile humans. What helps immeasurably is her cast who have story set in their faces: angelic Petya with his awful set of teeth. Wrona with cruelty masking the vulnerability in her deep-set eyes. Mongrel with his shy, sparkling smile.Petya, Wrona, Mongrel may be the subject before her camera but Dorota views the world through their eyes. Even Hela, the mother in Nothing, is constantly viewed from the perspective of her 7-year-old daughter. At the end of the day, Kidfilm - Dorota's production company - explores the adult expressions of a human who is minor merely in legal terms.If Dorota indicts anyone, it is the institution, the state, the disquieting social system where a privileged few enjoy the fruits. And she does this by using pure celluloid language. She ceaselessly plays with the geophysical landscape, as contrast to the metaphysical reality of her subjects. Exquisitely partnered by her cinematographer, Arthur Reinhart, she crafts her indictment in melodious visuals. The human interactions may be seething with roughness but the world they inhabit is tranquil.This feast of sophisticated visuals, that often substitute for dialogue, turns Dorota's cinema into unforgettable lyrics on screen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17107331", "title": "Hitler fame in B-schools prompts Holocaust exhibit", "text": "MUMBAI: The Jewish community in the US is alarmed by the slow emergence of Adolf Hitler as a popular role model in Indian business and management schools. The recent incident of a Nagpur pool parlour having devised its theme around the German leader has further caused ripples of anxiety.To remedy the situation , the Simon Wiesenthal Center of Los Angeles has brought a display of 200 photographs of Holocaust history to Mumbai. 'The Courage to Remember' exhibition will have 40 picture panels of Holocaust history from 1933-1945. The display is on from November 6-10 at St Xavier's College in partnership with the Consulate of Israel.The annual Holocaust Day commemoration of January 27 is weeks away. However, Rabbi Abraham Cooper , associate dean of the Wiesenthal Center, stresses the urgency of this exhibition. \"Some groups like to give the false impression that the Holocaust never happened. We hope that the genocide pictures and documents help Indians understand Hitler's hateful ideology that killed six million Jews based on sheer accident of birth,\" he says.\"The Jewish community has always had an affinity for India given that the country has never expressed negative sentiments about them. However, we are perplexed to see the popularity of his autobiography, Mein Kampf, and to see commercial establishments being named after Hitler. Indians are told he was a leader who unified Germany. One cannot forget that he killed millions of his own countrymen in doing so,\" the rabbi adds.Alarmist reasons aside, 'The Courage to Remember' has travelled to 16 countries and visited New Delhi and Bengaluru already. \"We will place a permanent set of photographs with the Israeli consulate in Mumbai so local institutions can display them in future,\" says Dr Alfred Balitzer, professor emeritus from Claremont McKenna College in LA. The Simon Wiesenthal Center is an NGO that is dedicated to teaching the lessons of the Nazi Holocaust. It runs a Museum of Tolerance that figures among the six must-see museums in the US.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17108285", "title": "Srikant Jena seeks Naveen Patnaik's resignation", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Union minister Srikant Jena on Monday demanded Orissa chief minister Naveen Patnaik's resignation on grounds of \"colluding with mine owners\" in the alleged iron ore mining scam in state.\"The CM must resign and face an inquiry,\" said Jena, minister of state for statistics and programme implementation.By imposing Rs 58,000 crore fine on 27 mining operators for illegal mining, the Odisha government has admitted to its own involvement in the mega loot of minerals, Jena alleged, adding that Naveen was now trying to escape legal action under the garb of imposing a fine. \"He mustn't be allowed to do so,\" said Jena, an MP from Balasore.Jena further alleged mining irregularities in Odisha would easily amount to nearly Rs 4 lakh crore, significantly larger than the mining scams in Karnataka and Goa put together. This figure doesn't account for other valuable minerals as Chromite (Odisha has 98.3% of chromite deposits in India), he said.Biju Janata Dal government functionaries rubbished Jena's allegation. \"There is no involvement of the chief minister or the government in any mining irregularities. By defaming Naveen, Jena is trying to revive political fortune of the Congress. There's no reason why he should resign,\" said Odisha steel and mines minister Rajanikant Singh.Singh said Jena must tell why the Indian Bureau of Mines (IBM), a Central agency, sat over the matter before raising an accusing finger at the CM. \"The CM promptly took action against mine owners who were found involved in illegal mining,\" Singh said.Notwithstanding official denial, Jena called for immediate cancellation of licenses of defaulting mines, and taking over of those by Odisha Mining Corporation or a Central agency. He sought criminal action against \"unscrupulous\" mine owners and seizure of their bank at the earliest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "17109748", "title": "'Tortured' labourers return home to Koraput district", "text": "KORAPUT: Fifteen labourers from Koraput district were assaulted and tortured at their construction site in Bangalore. They were allegedly lured there on promises of hefty remuneration and free accommodation by an agent, Hari Harijan, of Parajaguda village in Borigumma block.\"I was promised a monthly salary of Rs 4,000 and free accommodation. Though I worked for over a month, I was not paid a single rupee by the contractor. I was forced to work more than 10 hours a day,\" said a teary-eyed Jogendra Jani (20), one of the labourers.The agent had lured Jani and 14 villagers to Bangalore around two months ago. They had left their village on August 25 and taken to Balugaon in Khurda district. From there, another person took them to Bangalore. \"When the contractor denied paying us and asked us to collect our wages from the agent, we left our workplace and reached our village with much difficulty,\" said Madhab Harijan, another labourer.After reaching their village on October 20, they moved officials to ensure that they get their wages. \"We are examining the case and all steps will be taken to ensure that the labourers get their wages,\" said assistant labour commissioner of Koraput S K Sahu.A large number of people from this tribal-dominated district go to work in Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka on being lured by agents, who promise them better wages. \"As all job schemes launched by the Centre and state governments flounder owing to improper implementation, labourers easily get hoodwinked by agents. Officials should crack down on such people and contain their exodus,\" a social activist said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17108447", "title": "Rae Bareli rail coach factory to roll out modern Linke Holfmann Busch coaches", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Rail Coach Factory at Lalganj in Rae Bareli will be dedicated to the nation by Congress president Sonia Gandhi on November 7, during her visit to her constituency. Railway minister Pawan Kumar Bansal will also be present. The coaches manufactured by the factory will also be rolled out on the occasion.The coach factory will roll out modern LHB ( Linke Holfmann Busch) coaches. Although the capacity of the factory has not been defined, it is expected to meet the shortage of coaches, which the existing Rail Coach Factory, Kapoorthala and Integral Coach Factory, Chennai could not meet. Railways is facing shortage of about 1,000 coaches every year. The rail coach factory was approved in the Supplementary Railway Budget 2006-07. The foundation stone of the factory was laid by Sonia Gandhi on February 13, 2007. The land acquisition started on August 10, 2007. Land lease deed was signed with the UP government on January 16, 2009, and the construction of the boundary wall of the factory started on January 27, 2009. The factory has been constructed by Rail Vikas Nigam Limited (RVNL). It was to come up at an estimated cost of Rs 1,685 crore. The delay in construction, however, has escalated its cost over a period of time. About Rs 2,500 was sanctioned for it.Railways has acquired land from local people for the factory. People whose land has been acquired are being given jobs by Lucknow division of the Northern Railway. The process of giving jobs started last month.Some 1,450 candidates are to be given jobs in Railways, as part of the compensation package for land acquired for the Lalganj Coach Factory. Railways acquired some 541 hectares for the factory, out of which 283 hectares was taken from private land owners. Lucknow division might give jobs to at least 1,000 persons.Recruitment, however, will be an ongoing process. In case of families not meeting the age criteria, recruitment can take place at an appropriate time. Lalganj rail coach factory has already been delayed by at least three years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17107560", "title": "Woman gets Rs 2.12 lakh as compensation", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 56-year-old housewife, who suffered permanent disability in a road mishap involving a rashly-driven car three years ago, has been awarded over Rs 2.12 lakh as compensation by a Motor Accident Claims Tribunal. The tribunal has directed Oriental Insurance Company Ltd, with which the vehicle was insured, to pay Rs 2.12 lakh as compensation to Delhi resident Ram Kaur who sustained injuries in the accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17107433", "title": "Suresh Jain admitted to hospital again", "text": "MUMBAI: Shiv Sena MLA Suresh Jain, the main accused in the Rs 169 crore housing scam, was admitted to the government-run St George hospital late on Saturday. Earlier that evening, Jain had been moved to Arthur Road jail from Jaslok Hospital.Satish Karnik, superintendent of jails holding additional charge for Arthur Road jail, said Jain has a history of medical problems. \"Our jail doctors examined him and felt that he needed hospital care. They recommended that he be shifted to a government hospital as directed by the courts,'' he said.Meanwhile, government sources said Jain had moved an application before the Supreme Court to allow to be treated in a private hospital rather than a government hospital. The case is likely to come up for hearing on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "shimoga", "code": "17108426", "title": "'House razed to aid BSY's college'", "text": "SHIMOGA: The National Highway Authority of India pulled down a house opposite to the Prerana Trust Engineering College near Guddada Arakere village on NH-206 to widen the road into a four-lane road.Though the authorities carried out the demolition after getting permission from the Shimoga deputy commissioner, Mani Kantha, the owner of the house, alleged that the demolition had been carried out under political pressure. When the authorities demolished the house on Sunday, Mani contacted several political leaders trying to garner support saying the house was demolished to benefit the college, which is run by Yeddyurappa's family.Authorities, however, said Mani Kantha had been served several notices but he had refused to vacate the house. The NHAI is widening the highway to 225 feet on either side along the stretch between Shimoga and Aynur.Former chief minister H D Kumaraswamy criticized the demolition at a function held at Haveri as an act of political interference. This was refuted by Shimoga MP and Yeddyurappa's son B Y Raghavendra said the trust or the college had nothing to do with the demolition.Meanwhile, JD(S) volunteers staged a dharna in front of the College on Monday alleging that Yeddyurappa had taken personal interest in getting the house demolished. They demanded action on the highway authorities and suitable compensation for Mani Kantha's family. Police posted at the venue prevented agitators from entering the college. The protesters blocked the road for an hour disrupting the traffic in the busy national highway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17108680", "title": "Lobbying in Cong for 2014 LS poll ticket begins", "text": "PUNE: The next Lok Sabha elections may be a good 18 months away, but the process to identify the Congress candidate to contest from the Pune constituency has begun in full earnest.Hectic political lobbying is on in the city Congress with the All India Congress Committee (AICC) sending an observer to Pune to solicit the views of local partymen and deliberate on the probable candidate for the 2014 LS polls.In an official communique to the party's Pune office, Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) president Manikrao Thakre said that the AICC observer, Kewal Singh Dhillon, will arrive here on Tuesday and hold meetings with partymen to know their choice of candidate.\"Though the polls are more than 18 months away, the party leadership feels that shortlisting of probable candidates will help them be better prepared for the elections,\" a senior Congress leader said.The appointment of an observer has enthused the pro-Suresh Kalmadi camp. The supporters of the sitting MP are planning to impress upon the party leadership the need to revoke Kalmadi's suspension from the Congress and pave the way for his re-nomination as the party's official candidate.Kalmadi, who was suspended from the party following his arrest in April last year in connection with the Commonwealth Games scam, has already announced that he would contest the LS elections from Pune. Sources said the Kalmadi camp is busy mobilising the support of local block Congress presidents and other office-bearers in the city, whose views will be sought by the observer.A senior local Congress leader told TOI, \"The city Congress held an internal meeting on Monday to shortlist the names of candidates. However, there was no unanimity on any name. Many senior leaders, including MLAs and MLCs, did not attend the meeting, arguing that they had not been invited. We will meet again on Tuesday before meeting Dhillon.\"Though the anti-Kalmadi camp is yet to reveal its hand, sources said senior Congress leader and MLC Sharad Ranpise has already appealed to some partymen that his name be recommended to the observer during Tuesday's meeting.Ranpise held a meeting with a select group of Congress corporators at the Pune Municipal Corporation on Monday and also attended the meeting called by city Congress chief Abhay Chhajed at Congress Bhavan, sources said.MLC Mohan Joshi and former MPCC spokesman Anant Gadgil, both arch rivals of Kalmadi, are the other two contenders for the coveted nomination. However, neither has come out in the open to seek the support of local partymen.A Congress office-bearer said, \"There are many contenders for the nomination and every individual willing to contest will stake his or her claim before the party observer. All corporators, district unit members and sitting and former MLAs, MLCs and other leaders will meet the observer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17109019", "title": "Form committee to amend varsity act, guv to HRD dept", "text": "RANCHI: Governor Syed Ahmed on Monday directed the state human resources development (HRD) department to constitute a high level committee for making amendments in the university act.Ahmed, who is also the chancellor of state universities gave the direction during a review meeting with vice-chancellors of Ranchi University, Sidhu Kanhu Murmu University, Kolhan University, Neelambar Peetambar University and Vinoba Bhave University.Commenting on the efficiency of universities, Ahmed said, \"There are many university-related cases pending in court. If the problems are solved at university level, why would someone approach court? The teaching and non-teaching staff should be provided retirement benefits on time so that no problems arise in future.\"The governor also directed the higher education director to form a committee which would include representatives of Ranchi University, Kolhan University and Neelambar Peetambar University. The committee will divide the Grade III and IV staff and their posts among these universities.\"The governor also directed to appoint Grade III and IV staff through staff selection commission,\" said an official. The universities will soon be made hi-tech too. \"The bio-metric system should be put up in every university for marking the attendance of the staff there. All universities should keep their website updated with all information and examination results,\" Ahmed said.He directed the vice-chancellors of all universities to maintain coordination with the HRD department which would help solve many problems at a lower level.Directing the members of the HRD department, Ahmed said, \"The university hostels are in very poor condition. They should be immediately renovated. The vice-chancellors should also make sure that they are providing proper washroom and common room facilities for both boys and girls.\"All the universities should have a common calendar and a meeting should be conducted for the same under the chairmanship of the vice-chancellor of Ranchi University.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17109951", "title": "Citizens dump segregation as waste piles up", "text": "BANGALORE: On October 1, civic authorities launched a segregation-at-source plan to solve Bangalore's gargantuan garbage problem. A month later, the plan is floundering. Collection of segregated waste has fallen from 40% to 30%, BBMP commissioner Rajneesh Goel admitted on Monday. Reason: erratic collection by the Palike.With garbage not being picked up for days due to the landfill row, it is piling up in homes and on streets, forcing frustrated residents to dump their segregation chore.Many residents who were initially enthused by the initiative are now having second thoughts.\"The BBMP is supposed to collect wet waste every day and dry waste on Wednesdays and Saturdays in our area. But pourakarmikas come only on some days. It is very erratic. Though the model of waste segregation is good, it's failing due to poor implementation,\" says R C Dutt, convener of the Federation of Resident Welfare Associations, Sanjaynagar.This sentiment is echoed by many. \"I was one among the few persons in my area segregating waste. But there is no point. The pourakarmikas on my street collect wet waste but dump it into a tipper that has all kinds of trash. They also take mixed waste from some residents,\" says Shilpa Hegde from Avalahalli BDA layout, near Girinagar.Admitting that there are hiccups in the segregation initiative, the commissioner said: \"We are now collecting only 30% of segregated waste. And, yes, it has taken a back seat. The focus is now largely on transporting garbage from the city. Moving segregated wet waste has been an issue.\"In mid-October, THE BBMP authorities had claimed that the city had achieved 40% segregation.Veena Ramanna, a researcher from JP Nagar, best sums up the plight of residents who still segregate garbage: \"In my apartment, we strictly follow waste segregation, but I don't know where it is heading. I prefer travelling by car these days as the road from my home to my workplace in J P Nagar is lined with garbage heaps on either side.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17107988", "title": "Dinesh Reddy is Indian Hockey Federation chief", "text": "HYDERABAD: Andhra Pradesh top cop Dinesh Reddy was elected president of the Indian Hockey Federation (IHF) at its special general meeting in New Delhi on Monday.Reddy takes over the reins of the national federation just a few weeks after the International Hockey Federation (FIH) announced that it recognised IHF as its representative in India.This announcement came after the Delhi High Court reinstated it as the national sports federation in place of Hockey India.Dinesh Reddy replaces RK Shetty who resigned a couple of weeks ago. Reddy, a senior vice-president till his elevation, is the head of the AP Hockey Association.Incidentally, Dinesh Reddy, the director general of police, is the first person from Andhra Pradesh to head the top hockey body in the country. He takes over shortly after the Indian hockey team came last in the recent London Olympics.\"It is a big responsibility for me. We all know hockey is our national game and all Indians love this sport. But of late, the game is losing its sheen. I want to revive the sport and am confident of bringing back its old glory. My main focus is to live up to the aspirations of the hockey lovers,\" Dinesh Reddy told TOI.Moments after becoming the president, Dinesh Reddy announced that he would host the national women's championship in Hyderabad at the end of this month.\"We are starting with the women's nationals. We will also have a brainstorming session of all the officials to decide the future course of action towards development of hockey. We will also be attending the IOA elections on November 25. We have to sort out a few things with the IOA,\" he said.Will tap young talent, says DineshOn the tussle between Hockey India and the Indian Hockey Federation about which is the official body, Dinesh Reddy hoped that the issue will be solved soon. \"I hope the dispute will be solved soon. As the matter is sub-judice, I don't want to delve on it further,\" he said.He said that his team would focus on tapping the young talent with particular emphasis on introducing coaching programmes from school level.\"Our aim is to develop hockey from the grassroots level. We would focus on tapping young talent. We will also introduce coaching programmes from school level,\" he said, adding that the IHF promoted World Series Hockey will go a long way in reviving its popularity. At Monday's meeting, former IHF president K P S Gill, another policeman, was appointed chief advisor and patron of the IHF.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17106834", "title": "Irfan injures knee, to undergo rehab at NCA", "text": "VADODARA: Baroda's campaign for Ranji Trophy this season suffered yet another setback as Irfan Pathan suffered a knee injury during their opener against Karnataka.Team's another key bowler, Munaf Patel had already skipped the first game due to knee injury and now Irfan's injury has only added to the skipper's woes. Irfan won't be playing Baroda's next match against Vidarbha that starts from November 9 in the city.Baroda coach Sanath Kumar said that the left-arm pacer would have to go for rehabilitation for injury on his right knee. \"Irfan was suffering from swollen knee from second day of the match. His injury has aggravated and hence he would have to undergo treatment,\" Kumar told TOI.Irfan was looking in pain during the game and he didn't take the field on Monday when Karnataka were batting. \"I cannot say how much time Irfan would take to get fit. It all depends on his rehabilitation at National Cricket Academy (NCA),\" Kumar said.Irfan was looking to make a comeback into the Indian Test team. His wait just got longer now.\"He suffered from the swollen knee probably due to playing continuously over the last few weeks,\" Kumar added. Irfan played for India A against England before turning out against Karnataka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17107820", "title": "Delhi Metro Rail Corporation has nothing against Kochi Metro: Sreedharan", "text": "KOCHI: E Sreedharan, principal adviser to Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) said here on Monday that his company had nothing against Kochi Metro. He was here to inspect the progress of the preparatory works. He said DMRC had begun the work on state government's request and that it was progressing as per schedule.To the question whether he was confident about DMRC taking up the project, Sreedharan said he was not the person to decide such matters. On whether the ministry of urban development was against DMRC's involvement, he said he was not aware of the ministry's stance.Sreedharan, however, said he was optimistic about the discussions scheduled to take place in Delhi and that he had decided to attend it because of that.Meanwhile, the Kochi Metro Rail Limited (KMRL) handed over Rs 10 crore to the district administration for facilitating land acquisition. \"Land acquisition is KMRL's primary target. Without having land in our procession we cannot move forward,\" said KMRL managing director Elias George.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17109897", "title": "Take penal action on defaulting workers", "text": "-- N S RamakanthSegregation of waste at source is important. Only then can we get the full value of the waste. When we segregate waste into degradable and non-biodegradable material, there will be a higher recovery which can be recycled and reused.The advantages include saving money in unnecessary transportation of dry waste to landfills and saving virgin resources. Further, as waste transportation is reduced, emissions get lower and landfills last longer.If wet waste if not segregated at source, compost produced of mixed waste will be of very poor quality.What we need to do is raise awareness , offer incentives and take penal action or through enforcement.How do we go about it? All 198 ward corporators should mobilize volunteers at the booth level to educate residents about waste segregation and its various advantages. Collection of segregated dry waste may be organized once or twice a week by pourakarmikas or ragpickers. We should not depend 100% on the pourakarmikas to train residents on segregation . Supervisors, junior health inspectors and environmental engineers should educate and demonstrate segregation to residents. Senior officials like zonal commissioners during their routine inspection should check at random pourakarmikas' trolleys and autorickshaws and trucks which carry waste. If they find mixed waste, the officials concerned and contractors should be issued notices and their details sent to the zonal commissioner on a weekly basis.For bulk generators and commercial establishments, this responsibility should be given to senior health inspectors and district health officers since they are responsible for issuing trade licences. They must inspect the trucks going out of the establishments and if they find waste segregation is not done properly, they should serve a notice to the erring establishment. If the same violation is repeated, licence should be cancelled or penalty levied. Zonal commissioners and corporators should fix a deadline of one or two months to achieve maximum results.What we need is a committed leadership , the support of community members and other sectors. Better waste management will result in a clean city.(The writer is member, Solid Waste Management Round Table)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "los angeles", "code": "17108728", "title": "Now, heartbeat can power pacemaker", "text": "LOS ANGELES: Scientists have developed a new 'promising' device that uses energy from a beating heart to power a pace-maker, eliminating the need for surgeries to replace batteries. Researchers claim the experimental device converts energy from a beating heart to provide enough electricity to power a pacemaker.Such pacemakers could eliminate the need for surgeries to replace the depleted batteries. Researchers tested an energy-harvesting device that uses piezoelectricity - electrical charge generated from motion. The approach is a promising technological solution for pacemakers, because they require only small amounts of power to operate, said M Amin Karami, lead author of the study and research fellow in the department of aerospace engineering at the University of Michigan.Piezoelectricity might also power other implantable cardiac devices like defibrillators he said. Today's pacemakers must be replaced every five to seven years when their batteries run out, which is costly and inconvenient.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "dibrugarh", "code": "17109204", "title": "Bhupen Hazarika remembered at birthplace", "text": "DIBRUGARH: On his first death anniversary on Monday, Bhupen Hazarika was remembered by his fans and admirers at his birthplace, Sadiya, on Monday.Tribute programmes were organized by various organizations of Sadiya to mark the day.The Sadiya Sahitya Sabha organized a 'shradhanjali' on their premises where hundreds gathered to pay their homage to the maestro. A prayer session was held for peace of the departed soul.\"The void Bhupenda has left behind can never be filled. Through his immortal compositions, he made the whole nation take notice of the rich culture of the northeast. He won everyone's hearts with his music. We take pride in the fact a person of his stature had his roots in Sadiya,\" said Sadiya Sahitya Sabha secretary Jogananda Buragohain.He also appealed to the state government to name the upcoming 9.1-km Dhola-Sadiya bridge over the Brahmaputra after Hazarika. \"It is a great wish of the people of Sadiya that the new bridge be named after the music legend as it will be a befitting tribute to him,\" he added.The local units of the All Assam Students' Union and the Sadiya Silpi Samaj too organized a shradhanjali and cultural programme at Rukmini Udyan in Sadiya in memory of the singer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17109004", "title": "'Gambusia' fishlings to tackle spread of dengue", "text": "MADURAI: The district administration has decided to tackle the spread of dengue through biological mosquito control measures by releasing 'Gambusia' fishlings in the water bodies. The stocking and release of the fishlings in the water bodies and the stagnant water sources commenced on Saturday in the presence of Arun Sundar Dayalan, projection director of District Rural Development Agency at Narasingampatti village.The measure was taken by the district administration after district collector, Anshul Mishra ordered the fisheries department to take bio-control measures of releasing the fishlings that feed on the mosquito larvae. Official sources from the fisheries department said that they have stocked 20,000 fishlings in the block and they have been releasing in the water bodies and the stagnant water in the locality.Initially, the department will concentrate on the four blocks of the district where dengue incidents are high like Melur, Kottampatti, Tiruparankundram and Usilampatti. These blocks will be covered in coming days and Gambusia fishes will be released in all the blocks of the district in a phased manner, they said. \"Gambusia feeds mainly on mosquito larva and they can withstand harsh conditions like sewage water. Interested public can also collect the fishlings from the department office at Pechiamman Padithurai,\" an official from fisheries department said. The bio-control measure will certainly yield the favourable results of reducing mosquitoes in the locality, the officials stated. District collector, Anshul Mishra said that they have released 20,000 gambusia fishes in the water bodies in Melur block in Madurai district, which has become very vulnerable to the outbreak. \"The bio-control measure will be very useful in large water bodies like open wells where abate solution cannot be applied to control mosquitoes and they will survive in the drainage channels also which is another advantage,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17108929", "title": "International conference on 'Radiation, cancer and society'", "text": "Nehru Gram Bharati University is organizing an international conference on 'Radiation, cancer and society' on November 26-28. University vice-chancellor Prof K P Mishra said the conference is aimed at providing an active platform for researchers to discuss and debate recent developments and to share new knowledge in the field of radiation science and cancer research. Speakers will present state of art account of progress in cancer research relevant to causes of cancer occurrence and effective treatment modality of cancer patient. The conference will provide a unique opportunity for interaction between experts and young researchers in the area of emerging nuclear science and technology and emerging new applications.SP MP felicitated: Samajwadi Party MP Dharmendra Yadav was felicitated at Prayag Sangeet Samiti here on Monday. The programme was organised under the aegis of Allahabad Yuva Nagrik Manch. An 'angvastram' and a citation lauding Yadav's efforts to bring Hindi language on the international forum was presented to him. Dharmendra Yadav recently addressed the United Nations general assembly in HindiHealth camp: Kayasthhelpline.in has organised a free health camp in the city. A total of 268 patients were examined by Dr Kumar Kriti Singh (AIIMS). Dr Singh advised people to consume clean potable water to check gastro-related diseases. Dr Vivek Srivastava was also present on the occasion.Cultural meet: North Zone Central Revenue Cultural Meet will be held at Prayag Sangeet Samiti, Kamla Nehru Road on November 6 and 7. Chief Commissioner of Income Tax, Allahabad Dhirendra Khare will be the chief guest informed secretary, organising committee T P Shukla.Bridge Contest: Rajjan Agarwal and Shanker Chatterjee with 93.5 points won the Bridge pair contest held at Lukerganj Club.S P Sharma and Jitendra Pandey with 87.5 points bagged the second place while S D Pandey and Rajendra Gupta with 80.5 points got the third place.Visit: Arup Roy Choudhury, chairman and MD, NTPC Limited visited Singrauli Super Thermal Power Station along with BP Singh, Director (Project), SP Singh, Director (Human Resource), NN Mishra, Director (Operation), and AK Jha, Director (Tech.) Executive Director (CP) A K Ahuja, ED to CMD RKS S Gahlowt and Regional Executive Director (N) Sharad Anand. On arrival at Shaktinagar by helicopter, Sharad Anand, Regional Executive Director (N) along with JN Singh, General Manager (S) Alok Srivastava, General Manager (Operation &amp; Maintenance) and Addl. GMs of the Station, received Arup Roy Choudhury and all directors.Founders day: The founders day was celebrated with much fanfare by the students and teachers of Boys' High School (BHS) and College, its annexe, Holy Trinity School (HTS) and Girls' High School (GHS) and College on Monday. On this occasion, an impressive Thanksgiving Service was held at the historic All Saints' Cathedral. Nearly 250 students marched in unison all the way to the All Saints' Cathedral from their respective institutions to offer Thanksgivings to the founders. The Boys' High School squad was led by the College Captain Atulesh Jha while the Girls' High School squad was led by the Headgirl Sonal Sharma.Comedian in city to promote film: Bollywood comedian Rajpal Yadav who was in the city on Monday to promote his first directorial venture, 'Ata Pata Lapata', went to the Sangam and took dip in the Ganga. Later, talking to reporters, Yadav said his film is a musical satire on the society. It is a film about the common man who has to face several problems in the society. The uniqueness of the film is that about 175 characters have been grouped together to show their talent, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17107908", "title": "Regional transport authority scraps two bus stops to streamline traffic snarls", "text": "KOZHIKODE: To streamline the city traffic and to lessen the risk of accidents, the regional transport authority (RTA) has decided to scrap two bus stops in the city and to make a stretch of road will have round the clock one-way traffic rule.The bus stops in front of the R P Mall at the Mavoor Road and one in front of Homeo College will be discontinued. There are two bus stops on the either side of the road near Homeo Collge, which resulted in recurrent traffic blocks in the area. City corporation has already constructed a bus bay a few metres away from the present Homeo College stop, for the buses that come from Balussery side.As per the new decision, the buses from Mavoor Road to Medical College will stop only in front of the moffusil stand and not in front of the R P Mall. The RTA will approach the corporation with the request to construct a bus bay there.The meeting of the RTA also decided to implement 24 hours one-way traffic in the stretch between the Pattala Palli near Mananchira and the English Church. Currently one-way rule is in force from 8am to 8pm. The decision was taken considering the increase in accidents during night time on the stretch.The meeting has entrusted the National Institute of Technolgy, Calicut with the task to conduct a study on ways to check the accidents on the Eranhipalam-Malaparamaba by-pass road. The report is likely to be submitted in the first week of December. The NITC has also been asked to carry out further studies about the multi-modal transport hub designed by the regional transport officer Rajeevan Puthalath.The public works department has been asked to prepare an estimate to construct an exclusive path for the bike riders and pedestrians from Ramanattukara to Pooladikunnu. Numerous accidents involving pedestrians and bike riders have been reported from these areas after the by-pass road was opened for traffic.Magician Pradeep Hudino will present a magic programme to create awareness among the students about road safety.District collector K V Mohan Kumar, district police chief (rural) T K Rajmohan, district police chief (city) G Sparjankumar, RTO Rajeevan Puthalath, assistant commissioner (traffic) M C Devassy and Prof. Anjaneyalu from NITC attended the conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17107789", "title": "India needs to make labour laws flexible: Kaushik Basu", "text": "NEW DELHI: World Bank chief economist Kaushik Basu on Monday said the Indian government needs to amend labour laws to provide flexibility to companies in dealing with changes in demand pattern, a move that will also boost employment, especially in the organized sector.\"India's labour market is over regulated. India's rigid labour laws are hurting India's growth... If we will create legal environment, there would be much demand for these workers... so we need regulatory framework but we need greater flexibility in labour market. But we don't want completely free labour market,\" said Basu, who is on his first visit to India in his new role.For years, the government debated amendments to the Contract Labour Act and the Industrial Disputes Act but has put the proposals in deep freeze fearing protests from trade unions.In the latest World Development Report, the World Bank has identified flexible laws and accelerating urban development as key thrust areas for creating more jobs in the country. In any case, the report said labour laws were hindering business growth. \"Medium-size businesses are not growing and the share of informal workers in organized firms is up from 32% in 2000 to 68% in 2010,\" it said.The number of temporary workers in India grew more than 10% 2009 and 18% in 2010. The lack of flexibility has also resulted in the share of informal workers in the organized sector going up from 32% in 2000 to 68% in 2010.While backing a boost for manufacturing sector, Basu said jobs in the sector were gradually moving from developed countries to developing economies. \"With new technology and new innovation, jobs move around the world... This is to remind industrial countries to not to indulge in protectionism. It is bad for rich country, it is bad for poor countries,\" he said.Basu also said the NREGA had helped establish minimum wages in the economy, something that a legislation could not do, although the government needed to focus on increasing productivity. \"It is good that the poor are demanding the wage that they should be paid,\" he said.On the domestic front, Basu said the government needed to boost investment in the economy to step up the overall growth rate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "mandya", "code": "17108434", "title": "Vets keep watch on bird sanctuaries", "text": "MANDYA: The recent outbreak of highly pathogenic avian influenza H5N1 near Bangalore has been keeping the government and the medical fraternity on their toes. However, it has not affected the inflow of tourists visiting the bird sanctuaries.A team of veterinary doctors are involved in extensive surveillance and on a daily basis, they collect samples of bird excreta and send them to the High Security Animal Disease Lab in Bhopal.Dr Shivashankar, who heads the team, which is visiting the Ranganathittu bird sanctuary twice a day for collecting birds' droppings and dead birds, if any, told TOI that they will continue the process for next five years on a daily basis, because it is a stipulated mode to check the trail of swine influenza across the country.\"We have set guidelines as to how to find out the outbreak of H1N1 anywhere in India. If flu outbreak is reported from anywhere in the country, we collect the samples of bird excreta from all bird sanctuaries and send them to the laboratory for testing for next 5 years from the day of outbreak,\" he said. Shishankar said that job of his team is only to collect the birds' droppings and send them to the Regional Animal Disease Diagnostic Laboratory in Mysore from where it will be set to the High Security Animal Disease Lab (Bhopal). \"As of now, swine flu outbreak is not reported from Ranganathittu bird sanctuary. If the lab report is positive, the government will announce it,\" he added.Echoing the same, assistant conservator of forests Laksmesha said swine flu was not reported from Ranganathittu, Kokkare Bellur and Gendehosahalli bird sanctuaries in Mandya district.When asked how tourists are responding to the swine flu outbreak reports, he said the influx of tourists to sanctuaries has not dwindled. \"It seems tourists are not scared of the flu outbreak in Bangalore. Every day good number of tourists visit the sanctuaries,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "masuri (ghaziabad)", "code": "17108248", "title": "Masuri violence partof larger cospiracy", "text": "MASURI (GHAZIABAD): It has been over a month since Mohammad Arif died after a bullet severed a major artery in his thigh, but the pool of dried blood on his roof is yet to wash off. Arif was one of the six people, all caught in the wrong place at the wrong time, who lost their lives during the riots that unfolded in Masuri, Ghaziabad on September 14 this year. Peace has since returned to Masuri and life for the villagers is slowly returning to normal, but there are still more questions than answers.Seventeen-year-old Arif was on the roof of his house, which is right opposite the Masuri police station, and was trying to protectively get his younger siblings to safety indoors when the fatal stray bullet hit him. Stray bullets fired by the stranded police officers in the Masuri police station killed three others - Wahid (20), Hayat (35), and Lukman (14). The other two deceased, Waseem (22) and Aamir (16), died of injuries caused by blunt objects, states the official post mortem report. All the six killed in the riots were innocent bystanders.Lukman, the youngest of those killed, was getting down from a bus when he was shot. He had come to meet his maternal grandparents from Meerut. The police managed to recover three of the four bullets and sent those for forensic analysis. After the post mortem report of the victims said that all those shot in the riots were killed from close range, the forensic report is deemed pivotal in the investigation. That was a month back. The police claim that they are yet received the report from the forensics team.The current Masuri SO, A P Singh, said that the probe into the violence is now being carried out by senior officials of the Meerut and Modinagar police department. Not a single arrest has been made so far and both the police and the villagers claim to be unable to identify even a single person who was involved in the rioting. \"They weren't from here. Nobody in the village knows any of the rioters. They were from outside,\" said Rahman, the Imam of the Rafiqabad mosque, where the torn pages of the desecrated Quran were brought after being found.The desecrated pages were reportedly found at around 12.30pm on September 14. According to Abdul Qadir , the main complainant in case who was also the muezzin of the mosque, the pages were brought to him and his first reaction had been to bury the pages. \"We called the number that was written on the page to ask about it, but abuses were hurled at us. It was only then that we decided to file a police complaint,\" Qadir had said at the time.He has since then left the town. According to the elders in the mosque he left a week before Eid for his hometown in Muzaffarnagar, with no intentions of returning. According to the then station in charge, P K Singh, on the same evening, at around 6.30pm a small group of people left Rafiqabad and made their way along the NH-24 to Masuri police station to register an FIR. However, what the police cannot explain is how this small group of people swelled into a \"massive crowd of 5,000.\" Singh claimed that the crowd was mobilized by the Imams in different mosques through public announcements made during the evening prayer. However, the villagers and the Imams including Rahman vehemently deny the allegation.After the incident, a number of police officials from the Masuri police station were transferred for \"dereliction of duty.\" Those who remain, claim that they fired into the air in a desperate attempt to disperse the increasingly violent crowd that had gathered. \"They had come prepared with weapons and petrol bombs. We were locked inside the police station. They had already set a number of vehicles outside on fire and were looting passers-by. We were helpless,\" said a police constable on conditions of anonymity.An independent fact-finding team led by Saeed Naqvi has alleged that the Masuri violence was a part of a larger conspiracy to incite communal tension in the state. The report underlines a number of irregularities in the claims of the police and the administration. \"Why didn't the police try to scatter the crowd by using tear gas or water cannons and why the mob wasn't warned before the firing took place,\" it reads.The villagers also blame the police for mishandling the situation and letting it get out of control. \"The police are treating this like a communal riot but there has never been any Hindu-Muslim tension in the area in the past and we have always lived harmoniously. The police lost their nerve and let the situation escalate to what it has become today,\" said Ikramuddin, the father of one of the victims, Wasim. \"Police say that Wasim was killed while he was on the way back home from his gym on that fateful evening, however, neither the police nor his friends from the gym seem to be able to tell us what actually happened,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17107075", "title": "Ex-help who plotted 54 lakh heist, dog theft in Malad held", "text": "MUMBAI: A domestic help, who earlier used to work in a Malad apartment, has been arrested for a Rs 54-lakh robbery that took place in the flat last month. While fleeing with the loot, the accused injured a family member and even stole their pet dog.The police are yet to recover the loot and the accused told the officials that they had set the dog free on the road.Though the arrested accused, Lallan Mukhiya, did not himself execute the robbery, but he helped three of his associates hatch the plot to rob the 16{+t}{+h} floor-flat at Shuchi Heights, where the Kapoor family stayed. Lallan earlier worked for the family and passed on the details of each member's schedule to his aides, Pravin, Santosh and Raju. The three are still at large.Lallan Mukhiya, the arrested accused, had closely studied the schedules of everyone in the Kapoor family, before tipping off three of his aides who committed the actual offence. The trio__ Pravin, Santosh and Raju__ are still at large.Lallan quit his job of a cook in the Kapoor family, claiming his mother was ill. On his recommendation, the family hired Pravin who worked for them for a month; in that period, Parvin made the Kapoors hire Santosh and Raju as well. Within a day of Raju's employment was the heist carried out, said the police.On October 21, Vandana Kapoor, who is a homemaker, was alone at home with her two-year-old daughter; she woke from her siesta to find while the rest of the family was away. Around 3.30 pm, Vandana woke up to drink water, whenPravin, Santosh and Raju trying to break open a cupboard. One of the accused throttled Vandana from behindand she fell to the ground, losing herunconsciousness. Presuming her to be dead, the three pushed her into a storeroom before fleeing with Rs 1.5 lakh in cash, gold coins, a diamond watch, jewellery and the family's dog, a Shih Tzu. \"The Kapoors did not have any record of their domestic help,\" Lallan gave them a fake voter's card's copy,\"said senior inspector Subhash Dafle. \"After the robbery, the three met Lallan at Jogeshwari station. They took a train to UP from where Pravin hails. Lallan claimed he alighted at Mathura.\"It was at Lallan's recommendation that the family hired Pravin as their cook, when Lallan quit the job on the pretext that his mother had fallen ill. Pravin worked for the family for less than a month and also brought in Santosh and Raju. In fact, Raju was employed only for a day.During the probe, the police learnt that Lallan had two wives, one of whom stayed in Surat. But a police team that reached there could not find her. \"Lallan used a relative's mobile. With the number, we traced him to Madhubani in Bihar. He was arrested on October 26,\" cops said. To gain their confidence, Lallan had lied to the Kapoors that Pravin was his relative, but he was actually not so, said cops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17107562", "title": "Taxi stands invade prime Delhi space", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pavements, parking lots, vacant plots in residential colonies and main roads \u00e2\u20ac\u201d taxi stands have encroached upon every possible space in the city. Although the traffic police allow just 5-12 cars per stand (depending on location), most have at least 15-20. While the traffic police have records for 516 authorized taxi stands, those in the know say nearly 10,000-15,000 private cars are being run as taxis.With hundreds of taxis parked on roads, parks and pavements, local residents have to suffer. \"Most taxi operators have offices in the colony markets. While they park in the market parking lots, we are forced to park our vehicles on the main roads,'' says Krishna Kaul, a Patparganj resident.Driving towards M-Block market in GK-I from Lala Lajpat Rai Road, you will find taxis parked on the main road. An employee of the taxi stand told TOI that it has been around since 1981. \"We are allowed to park 5-7 taxis here,'' he said, adding that the other cars don't belong to them. In GK-I, residents claim, there are close to 10 taxi stands, each occupying prime public land. Recently, the GK-I resident welfare association filed a complaint with the Public Grievance Cell of Delhi government regarding encroachment of public land by pavement hawkers and taxi stands. \"Cars are parked on the main road, and sometimes on the footpath. The civic agencies should ensure that pedestrians' right of way is not blocked. How is it that the civic agency is not able to do anything to reclaim its own land?\" said Rajiv Kakria, member of GK-I RWA.Earlier, the civic agency used to licence stands under the tehbazaari scheme. But the erstwhile MCD discontinued this in 2008. \"We don't give licences to taxi stands. We are not even renewing their licences,\" said Mehak Singh, chairman, standing committee, East Delhi Municipal Corporation. The civic agencies plead helplessness: \"As we don't have a policy to regulate them, we can't take any action. We can only impound vehicles which are parked on government land,\" said an official.And taxi stand operators are making the most of civic agencies' slackness. To meet the growing demand, new stands have come up in most colonies in the last few years. \"The demand for private taxis has gone up manifold. Most people prefer to use private taxis as these are cheaper. Earlier, there were just 4-5 stands in the area, but in the last few years the numbers have gone up,'' said Chhota Singh, owner of Gurnam taxi stand in C R Park. Most stands have a fleet of 15-20 cars which are parked on colony roads, parks or pavements.Officials, however, blame the traffic police: \"They are supposed to take action against the owners of private vehicles used as taxis. We can take action only for encroachment of public land. But as traffic police are unable to regulate these stands, more and more taxis are being parked on public land,\" said Rajesh Gehlot, chairman of the MCD standing committee. The traffic police don't seem serious about taking action against erring stands either. In the last four years, just 22 stands have been de-notified. \"We impound vehicles if they are parked on public land and also impose a penalty. A taxi stand owner has to submit a list of vehicles at the stand. We impound vehicles not mentioned in the list,\" said Satyendra Garg, joint CP (traffic).Most new taxi stands have been set up in recent years, especially around the Commonwealth Games. \"Till a few years ago, there were just four-five stands in the area. But now, there are more than 15. ,'' said Amarjeet Singh, owner of General Taxi Stand in Ajanta Market, Patparganj.But the situation might improve as, recently, the East Delhi Municipal Corporation has formulated a policy to regulate taxi stands. It will give licences to taxi operators and lease out space for stands. \"Under the new policy, it is mandatory for taxi operators to obtain a licence from the civic agency. They will have to specify the number of vehicles,'' said S S Yadav, commissioner, East Corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17109585", "title": "Government embarrasses self, returns Oak Field Resorts", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Failure to comply with the legal opinion of the government pleader has cost the government dear. The government lost a major legal battle in the Munnar eviction drive, and has been forced to return the Oak Field Resort to its promoters which was taken over as part of the drive.The government had to return the resort after the high court ruled in favour of the resort promoters. The KTDC had been managing the resort ever since its takeover. Anticipating the court's decision, the then senior government pleader M P Sreekrishnan had written to the government on June 30, 2010 that the government should not handover the resort to KTDC, as it was causing a huge loss to the exchequer.\"The resort is running at an exorbitant loss of Rs 14,53,801 by KTDC. The court opined that the government shall not incur such a huge loss to the exchequer by way of running the resort. I am of the opinion that if the resort can be converted to a government guest house or rest house, the same may not incur any loss to the public exchequer,\" the letter, accessed by TOI, addressing the principal secretary of revenue department stated. The resort owners had been arguing in the court that KTDC was incurring a huge loss and the court was about to pass an order in favour of the appellants then. But the government objected to this and sought more time to put things right.However, the legal advice was ignored and no action was taken to abide by it. the legal advice rendered by the government lawyer.KTDC was of the view that since the property was not owned by it, substantial expenses on maintenance would invite audit objection and a meeting of revenue and tourism ministers to sort out the issues relating to it should be convened soon.As a solution, the KTDC board recommended that the government should either ensure that the resort remains with KTDC for a fixed tenure or be immediately taken back from its shoulders since it was causing a huge financial loss to the exchequer. The corporation also had written twice to the government conveying the stand of the board, but these were ignored.Sources said that it was the dilution of the original decision to demolish the illegal encroachments that led to such an embarrassing situation. After the first task force led by K Suresh Kumar was replaced by a new team, the policy had been to not demolish the illegal encroachments and instead take over them.Failure to comply with the legal opinion of the government pleader has cost the government dear. The government lost a major legal battle in the Munnar eviction drive, and has been forced to return the Oak Field Resort to its promoters which was taken over as part of the drive.The government had to return the resort after the High Court ruled in favour of the resort promoters. The KTDC had been managing the resort ever since its take over. Anticipating the court's decision, the then senior government pleader M P Sreekrishnan had written to the government on June 30, 2010 that the government should not handover the resort to the KTDC, as it was causing a huge loss to the exchequer.\"The resort is running at an exorbitant loss of Rs 14, 53, 801 by the KTDC. The court opined that the government shall not incur such a huge loss to the public exchequer by way of running the resort. I am of the opinion that if the resort can be converted to a government guest house or rest house, the same may not incur any loss to the public exchequer,\" the letter, accessed by the TOI, addressing the principal secretary of revenue department had said.The resort owners had been arguing in the court that the KTDC was incurring a huge loss and the court was about to pass an order in favour of the appellants then. But the government objected to this, and sought more time to put the things right.But the legal advice was ignored by the government, and no action was taken to abide by the legal advice rendered by the government lawyer. The KTDC also was of the view that since the property was not owned by it, substantial expenses on repair and maintenance would invite audit objection and a meeting of Revenue and Tourism ministers to sort out the issues relating to the resort should be convened at the earliest.As a solution, the KTDC board recommended that the government should either ensure that the resort remains with the KTDC for a fixed tenure or it should be immediately taken back from its shoulders since it was causing a huge financial loss to the exchequer. The corporation also had written twice to the government conveying the stand of the board, but these were also ignored.Sources said that it was the dilution of the original decision to demolish the illegal encroachments that led to such an embarrassing situation for the government. After the first task force led by K Suresh Kumar was replaced by a new team, the policy had been not to demolish the illegal encroachments and instead, take over them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17109607", "title": "Lit fest '13 adds another venue", "text": "JAIPUR: The 'greatest literary show on Earth' is set to take place at Diggi Palace from January 24-28 next year. To accommodate a greater number of literary enthusiasts, the organizers this time have increased the seating capacity to an extra 5,000. To do so, a new venue Char Bagh has been added to the existing venues at the Diggi Palace.The sixth-edition of the DSC Jaipur Literature Festival continues to be the largest free literature festival and among the five biggest literary festivals in the world, with a unique visitor registration of 57,000, and a footfall of over 1,22,000 in 2012. \"This January, the magical banyan tree of the DSC Jaipur Literature Festival will once again spread its branches and extend its roots, as another intense and joyous edition of the lit fest continues the tradition of books, dialogue and creativity,\" said festival co-director Namita Gokhale.The festival will showcase the diversity of writing in Indian languages with over 16 languages being represented which includes Hindi, Urdu, Rajasthani, Tamil, Telugu, Bhojpuri, Maithili, Punjabi, Bangla, Malayalam, Gujarati, Sindhi, Kannada, and Kashmiri. A special emphasis will be put on the transition of Maithili and Bhojpuri literature from the traditional to the contemporary. The themes and session strands at the fest will focus on a wide range of topics from Buddha to exploring alternative sexualities and a fresh perspective on 'Kamasutra'.The session, 'Remembering Sunil Da', will pay a tribute to the late poet-novelist Sunil Gangopadhyay, who had accepted the invitation to attend the festival this time. Some of the authors who have confirmed their presence at the festival are: Tamil writer C S Lakshmi who writes under the pen name 'Ambai', novelist Benyamin, post-colonial critic Gayatri Chakravorty Spivak, Marathi writer Bhalchandra Nemade, essayist Pico Iyer , besides lyricists Javed Akhtar and Neelesh Mishra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17108684", "title": "Two Delhi boys inducted into top French football academy", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi boys Maanas Kaalra and Shiv Jhangiani have been inducted into the football academy of French club FC Metz which has produced the likes of Frank Ribery, Emmanuel Adebayor and Louis Saha.After a successful trial at FC Metz, Kaalra and Jhangiani, would be the first Indian boys to train full-time in an International European Club Academy while pursuing their studies at the same time.They will now train at the academy for the next one to two years.\"In the three months I have been here, I already feel a part of the club. I stay with the other Academy Players, train with them and go to school with them,\" Jhangiani, who impressed FC Metz coaches with his recent performances against the Luxembourg national team, said.\"Before coming to Metz I was lucky enough to train under Eric and Yogesh. They prepared me both on and off the field and the period of intense training proved invaluable in getting selected,\" he said in a release.Maanas Kalra said, \"Being at Metz is a dream come true for me. Being a Professional Footballer is something I have strived for. I need to thank my Coach Eric for developing me and helping me pursuing my dream. In fact, he is more of a friend and mentor than a coach. I hope to make the most of this opportunity and continue my development as a player so that I can compete with the best in the World.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17107328", "title": "Mahesh Jethmalani quits, takes potshot at Nitin Gadkari", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pressure is mounting on BJP chief Nitin Gadkari to quit before his term runs out in December. Noted Mumbai lawyer Mahesh Jethmalani on Monday quit the party's national executive to protest against his continuation at the helm in light of allegations of dodgy business practices of the companies he promoted. \"I do not deem it morally and intellectually appropriate to continue to serve on the party's national executive as long as you are the president,\" Mahesh said in a terse single-sentence letter to Gadkari which he made public, much to the BJP's acute embarrassment.Party sources said Mahesh's protest reflects the restiveness in BJP ranks over the disclosures of controversial business practices by Purti Group. The outburst is seen as significant because it shows that RSS's counsel to await the investigations by the corporate affairs ministry and the income tax department into Purti's affairs has failed to appease the unease in the party. It came a fortnight after the lawyer's father, party MP Ram Jethmalani , demanded Gadkari's resignation.While distressed by allegations of wrongdoing by companies linked to Gadkari, the RSS does not want him to be subjected to \"lynch mob\" justice.Many leaders don't have a quarrel with the position that due process of law be allowed to play out. However, they are concerned that the allegations against Gadkari may turn into a serious vulnerability for the principal opposition in a scam-filled season when it had planned to corner the Congress over the issue of corruption. The fears were proven right on Sunday when Congress chief Sonia Gandhi launched an assault on the BJP saying its leaders were involved in corruption.The aggressive pitch was widely seen as aimed at Gadkari.Gadkari's legal problems hindered the BJP during the last leg of the Himachal campaign, allowing Congress leader Virbhadra Singh to wriggle out of the tight spot chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal and his campaigners had managed to push him into. Dhumal had turned corruption into a major issue against Virbhadra but the Congress leader capitalized on the fortuitous timing of the expose on Gadkari.His business activities\u00e2\u20ac\u201dGadkari insists on using the term social entrepreneurship\u00e2\u20ac\u201dwill not be an issue in Gujarat where the campaign will revolve around chief minister Narendra Modi , but the Parliament session may see the BJP chief coming under harsh scrutiny from the UPA.Considering that Gadkari's second term had looked a foregone conclusion, the fear that he may not get one after all looks like a wild twist common to spy thrillers. The party had even amended its constitution to allow him a second consecutive term.For the BJP, the tumult seems to fit in the by now familiar pattern of stumbles and setbacks just when it appeared to be gaining the upper hand. There is recognition that the Gadkari issue has put a spoke in the party's anti-corruption works, allowing the Congress to return the taunts and jibes.Moreover, with the air thick with the possibility of an unexpected leadership change, the familiar whiff of factional feuds is also back. A conspiracy theory doing the rounds blames Gadkari's troubles on his ambitious colleagues, while support for him from unexpected quarters is being seen through the lens of unfulfilled aspirations. Any indication by the RSS that it may be ready to drop Gadkari, its protege from Nagpur, to cut losses in the lead-up to the 2014 polls will only aggravate the machinations and plotting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17107893", "title": "C P Sivadasan memorial meet", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Alumni Association of the department of Studies in English, Kannur University , Thalassery Campus, in association with the faculty and students of department, is organising a programme in memory of Dr C P Sivadasan, who was formerly the head of the department.Prof K Narayana Chandran, department of English, Hyderabad Central University will deliver the C P Sivadasan memorial oration on the topic 'Why Tell Stories? Reflections of Narratives and Lives' at the Seminar Hall of Thalassery Campus on November 12.Haroun Rashid, president, Alumni Association, Dr M Dasan, head of the department of Studies in English, Dr A P Kuttikrishnan, Pro vice-chancellor, Kannur University, Dr N Ramachandran Nair, retired professor of English, Dr S Josh, department of studies in English and Dr C P Sathish, Sree Narayana College, Kannur will speak on the occasion.Award given: Dr P N Sureshkumar, Professor of Psychiatry, KMCT Medical College has been selected for the IMA KSB Research Cell Award 2012 instituted by the Indian Medical Association Kerala State branch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17109288", "title": "Order to release water from Keetham lake into Yamuna", "text": "KANPUR: In order to attract birds, the National Chambal Sanctuary, Agra division, had directed the UP irrigation department to open the gates of Keetham lake, popularly known as Soor Sarovar in Agra and release water into Yamuna. This would lower the level of lake and create woodlands and shallow areas near the lake, thus making it a natural habitat for winged guests, particularly wide range of avifauna, during the winter season.The lake, named after Soordas, the blind saint, poet and musician, known for his devotional songs dedicated to Lord Krishna, was originally designed by the British in 1922 to serve as a reservoir for water supply.Pentagonal in shape, the lake is spread in the area of 7.13 square km and located on the Agra-Delhi highway (NH 2). It was declared as National Bird Sanctuary in March 27, 1991 by UP forest department.The place attains significance as a large number of migratory birds at Keladeo bird Sanctuary in Bharatpur, moved over to Keetham lake, which has enough water.Sujoy Banerjee, deputy wild life conservator, National Chambal Sanctuary project, Agra division, claims that the water for Keetham Lake is obtained from Agra Canal originating from Okhla barrage on Yamuna in Delhi. On Delhi-Agra road, the Agra Canal water is diverted through Jodhpur branch near a private engineering college located about 2 km from Keetham. \"Till now, the water of Keetham as per the agreement made on September 4, 1981 between the Indian Oil Corporation Ltd (Refineries and pipeline division) and Uttar Pradesh government's irrigation department, wherein the latter was suppose to lift non-potable water from Soor Sarovar lake and supply it to Mathura Refinery water treatment plant located in the vicinity of Keetham Lake for refining operations,\" said Banerjee.Even after the expiry of the agreement on September 3, 2006, the irrigation department continues to flout the norms of the Supreme Court and the standing committee of National Board of Wildlife by drawing water from various water channels and holding it in bulk in Keetham lake and supplying it further to Mathura Refinery.\"The continuous water storage in abundance by the irrigation department had led to a destruction of 15 to 17 mud islands in the lake, which are considered to be the most preferable sites for nesting of the avian species. \"In order to maintain the level of the lake, we have directed the executive engineer of the irrigation department, Agra, Kunal Kulshreshta, through a letter on October 20, 2012 to reduce the level of the Keetham lake to 18-19 ft from its present level of 24 ft,\" Banerjee said further.Banerjee further said: \"Following the instructions, the irrigation department had started releasing the water in Yamuna and as per the latest measurement taken on Monday, the depth of water at Keetham lake is now 19 feet. This will only make the lake hospitable for the migratory birds. The lake attracts more than 35,000 species of migratory and resident birds.\"Earlier, the Mathura Oil Refinery has been cautioned against polluting the Keetham lake.Meanwhile, the officials of the sanctuary said that the winged visitors have arrived at the Keetham lake but this time the number is quite low. \"We can attribute late arrival of monsoons as one reason and secondly due to abundant storage of water in the lake by the irrigation department, besides other activities in the surroundings,\" a forest official said. \"If the level is right for winged visitors, they stay here and if not, the birds fly ahead to other suitable destinations,\" he said.An ornithologist, said: \"Because of the low water level, food is available and migratory birds rest and stop by. Aquatic birds like little gerbs, cormorants, darter, grey heron, purple heron, paddy bird, cattle egrets, large egrets, smaller egrets, little egrets, night heron, Indian reef heron, black-necked stork, white ibis, spon bill, greying goose, bar-headed goose, lesser whistling teal, ruddy shelduck, pintail and others flock the lake.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17107842", "title": "Uphaar tragedy: Former IPS officer tells HC he can\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t be tried", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former IPS officer Amod Kanth on Monday told the Delhi high court he cannot be tried for allegedly allowing extra seats in Uphaar cinema as \"sanction to prosecute\" him was not procured.Citing grounds, Kanth's lawyer told Justice P K Bhasin that the CrPC provisions and the Delhi Police Act required that a prior sanction is a \"must\" to prosecute a police officer for his acts done in discharge of his official duty. \"Not only that the plea is hopelessly time barred as the act complained of (allowing 37 extra seats in the cinema hall) pertains to 1979 and the incident took place on June 13, 1997,\" his lawyer contended.Senior lawyer K T S Tulsi will advance arguments on November 27 on behalf of Association of Victims of Uphaar Tragedy (AVUT) which is seeking Kanth's prosecution.A case was registered against Kanth on the order of the court following an application moved by AVUT accusing him of allowing extra seats in the theatre in the capacity of DCP (Licencing) with the knowledge that such a decision would be disastrous during emergency like fire.Fifty-nine people died on June 13, 1997 during the screening of Hindi film 'Border' as they could not emerge out of the cinema when it caught fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17107723", "title": "39 new dengue cases in Delhi, cold fails to check spread", "text": "NEW DELHI: There is no end to the dengue menace in the city despite fall in temperature. The number of cases of the mosquito-borne infection, which has taken the shape of an outbreak over the last two months affecting more than 1,200 people and killing two others as per official records, continues to mount.On Monday, Delhi reported 39 new dengue cases taking the total number of such cases to 1,216 for the season. Municipal health officials said there was no dengue death reported. They claimed that the reasons for the deaths of a 40-year-old woman at Fortis Hospital, Vasant Kunj, and a pregnant nurse at Lok Nayak Hospital are still being ascertained.\"We have intensified breeding checks and fogging operations,\" said a senior South Delhi Municipal Corporation health officer. He said that community-level meetings have been organised in Safdarjung Enclave and Khel Gaon to create awareness.\"Usually, dengue cases go down significantly by October-end. But this year even a fall in temperature has failed to check its spread. We are getting three-four confirmed cases daily,\" Dr Sanjeev Bagai, CEO and Dean, Radiant Life, which manages BL Kapur Hospital, said.South Delhi Municipal Corporation reported the maximum of 457 cases followed by North Delhi Municipal Corporation at 400 while 299 cases were detected from East Delhi Municipal Corporation area. Other cases were reported from NDMC and Delhi Cantonment areas.In 2011, a total of 857 cases were reported and five deaths took place. In 2010, a total of 5,682 cases and eight deaths were recorded in the capital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17108525", "title": "People have already punished Maya, says Akhilesh", "text": "LUCKNOW: While the Congress and the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) remained quiet on the decision of the Lucknow Bench of Allahabad High Court to quash all public interest litigations (PILs) seeking investigation into allegation of corruption against Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) supremo Mayawati in the Taj Heritage Corridor case, the Samajwadi Party (SP) government is contemplating another and closer look at the case. While the SP state president and chief minister Akhilesh Yadav said people of Uttar Pradesh had already punished the BSP by voting them out of power, senior minister in the party Ram Asrey said the government would review the situation and do the needful to ensure justice prevailed.Akhikesh Yadav said on Monday that the people of the state had already punished BSP supremo Mayawati by voting her government out of power. \"In any democracy, a political party being voted out of power by the people is the harshest punishment. The defeat of BSP in Uttar Pradesh in the assembly elections has already come as a punishment to her,\" he said. He refused to comment on the HC ruling in the case on grounds that he was yet to go through the judgment and that it would be inappropriate to comment on the issue till he was in the know of the exact details of the case.Senior minister in Akhilesh cabinet Ram Asrey Kushwaha, however, said the government would go through the case afresh and take the final call on the issue. \"In the disproportionate assets case against Mayawati, the court first dismissed a plea saying the evidence was not sufficient to order a probe into the case. But later, when complete details of the case were put forward, the very court ordered a probe into the case. We are confident we will try to table each and every fact related to the case before the court after reviewing the material available and ensure that all facts are tabled before the appropriate court for reconsideration,\" Ram Asrey said.He said there was every possibility the Central Bureau of Investigating (CBI) was not provided facts of the case by the Uttar Pradesh government which was then under the BSP rule. \"We believe there was a need to look into the details of the material provided to the CBI by the BSP government and confirm if the government shared everything with the investigating agency, on the report of which the High Court pronounced the judgment. Meanwhile, SP spokesperson for the party's state unit Rajendra Chaudhary said the government would look into details related to the case before taking the final call.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17108944", "title": "1971 POW in Oman: HC seeks reply of Army chief, others", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Taking cognizance of a petition seeking release of a Prisoner of War (POW) of 1971 India-Pak war belonging to Punjab regiment, allegedly languishing in Oman Jail, Punjab and Haryana high court on Monday asked chief of army staff, ministry of home affairs (MHA) and the ministry of defence (MOD) to respond on the issue. HC has fixed January 7 as the next date of hearing.Sepoy Jaspal was allegedly caught by the Pakistan authorities from Ferozpur border during the war and after keeping him in a Pakistan jail, the POW was transferred to Masira island jail in Oman by Pakistani authorities. Division bench of the HC headed by Chief Justice A K Sikri has issued notice to the authorities after taking up a petition filed on the issue by a local lawyer Hari Singh Nagra.Petitioner has contended that the 1971 war was won by India and according to Shimla agreement, India had returned 92,000 Pakistani soldiers while Pakistan had failed to return all POWs, in violation of the said agreement. He added that act of Pakistan by confining Jaspal in Oman jail is in violation of the universal declaration, 1948, of United Nations of which Pakistan and India are signatories.The petitioner has prayed directions to Indian high commission in Pakistan to consult the issue with authorities in Pakistan and Oman to ensure release of Jaspal Singh. TOI first broke the story on September 18 about Baljit Kaur, 65, who had discovered that her husband Jaspal, now 70, is still alive and lodged in Masira Island jail in Oman along with two more POWs. She came to know about this through Sukhdev Singh of Dubri Boormajra village in Ropar who had met her husband during his stay in Oman. Sukhdev had visited Oman on a visa in May 2010 for two years for job and returned in July this year.According to Sukhdev, during his hunt for a carpenter's job in August 2010, he was sent from Gala city to Masira Island by ship for kitchen services in jail for 10 days. He said that inside the jail, Jaspal approached him secretly, recognizing him as a Punjabi, and disclosed his family details. Jaspal narrated to him the incident of December 4, 1971 war when he, along with four other soldiers of 15-Punjab regiment, were captured by the Pakistani army from the Ferozepur border.All five POWs were kept in Pakistan jails for five-six years and then shifted to Masira jail and elsewhere. Jaspal said he does not know the whereabouts of others, but two (one from Moga district) of them are with him in the same prison. On coming back to India, Sukhdev informed Jaspal's wife Baljit Kaur about her husband. After corroborating all details provided by Sukhdev, Baljit then moved a petition before Chief of Army Staff General Bikram Singh and the commandant of Punjab regiment seeking their help to get her husband back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17107535", "title": "Horse sense: EFI schedules top event during quarantine", "text": "BANGALORE: Strange are the ways of the Equestrian Federation of India (EFI).Despite being aware that the department of animal husbandry has banned the movement of horses to and from the infected area in New Delhi following a case of Equine Infectious Anemia (EIA), it has chosen to stage the Federation Equestrian Internationale's World Jumping Challenge event from November 18-22 in the Capital during the quarantine period.The federation's decision has come as a shock to most equestrian associations in the country as they fear that their horses may contract the disease if the event is held in Delhi this month.It is learnt that the Bangalore team, which has a couple of star performers in Ajai Appachu and Nadia Haridass, had even asked EFI to shift the meet to the South. But EFI was in no mood to listen.After the National Research Centre for Equines confirmed the first positive EIA case in September, it asked the director of the animal husbandry department, Dr Rajiv Khosla, to inform the Delhi Equestrian &amp; Polo Association to start the quarantine procedure.The NRCE made it clear that horses had to pass two mandatory Coggin's tests, the first within 30 days and the next after 90 days in quarantine before being allowed to move and travel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17111047", "title": "Shikha excited to work with Dulquer", "text": "Shikha Nair, who is making her M-Town debut with Roopesh Peethambaran's 'Theevram' opposite Dulquer Salmaan, is excited to have got an opportunity to work with a talented team.  \"It was a fantastic experience to work in the movie. I thought I'll be really nervous but once the shoot started I was at ease,\" says the actress. However, she is unhappy about the fact that she couldn't dub for herself in the film. \"My Malayalam is not perfect, as I did my schooling in the UAE. But I hope to dub for myself soon,\" she says. Shikha was in Chennai for a Tamil project, when Roopesh Peethambaran spotted her and cast her for Theevram . Incidentally, Shikha's sister, Meghna Nair, has appeared in a few scenes in Ustad Hotel , as one of Dulquer's sisters. The shoot is over and Theevram is set to release later this month. The actress, who is yet to sign her second flick, says she will wait for the release of her debut film before signing any new project. \"The new-age films in Malayalam are really interesting. But my dream is to do a really challenging role,\" she signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "17109018", "title": "Ramgarh generic medicine centre has no customer for 2 months", "text": "RAMGARH: The generic medicine centre here is yet to open its books as it has not sold a single medicine since its inauguration on August 16 this year.\"Not a single medicine has been sold so far as the medicines prescribed by doctors here are not available in the generic shop,\" said Ashok Kumar , in-charge of the generic drug store, which remains open from dawn to dusk.Doctors at various government hospitals, including Sadar Hospital, rarely prescribe generic drugs and when they do, the drugs remain unavailable. Hence, patients have to spend more on treatment. This deals a body blow to the state government's generic medicine scheme, which is intended to provide cheap medication to the poor. \"But reluctance of doctors in prescribing generic medicine has failed the popular scheme,\" said Kumar.The medicine centre was formally inaugurated by state health minister Hemlal Murmu on August 16, assuring that the government has given strong directive to prescribe generic drugs, which would be available in the shop.\"We keep waiting but no one comes with prescription which is available in the centre as generic medicine supplied to the centre,\" said Kumar.Meanwhile, the district's civil surgeon Abhay Prakash said doctors in government hospitals across the district including sadar hospital and referral hospital have been asked to prescribe generic medicines.\"The district health department is looking into the matter why not a single (generic) medicine has been sold despite the department's directive to all concerned government doctors,\" said the civil surgeon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "nadia", "code": "17107437", "title": "Gang robs Rs 30 lakh from Nadia bank", "text": "NADIA: A gang of six armed robbers struck the Ranaghat branch of UCO bank on Monday morning, minutes before it had begun operations, took the employees and customers at gunpoint and made away with Rs 30 lakh. They locked the bank from outside before leaving. Ashok Kumar Prasadh, DIG, Murshidabad Range, Nadia SP Sabyasachi Raman Mishra and other police officials visited the spot and have initiated a probe.At 9.45am on Monday, the gang entered the branch on Subhas Avenue in Nadia's Ranaghat. Some bank employees and around 20 customers had already reached by then. The gang then took them at gunpoint and asked them to hand over their mobile phones.\"They told us that they meant no harm and were stealing only government money. They asked us to bow down so that they could continue with their operations uninterrupted,\" said one of the employees held captive.The robbers demanded the keys to the vault, forced two officials to open it and stuffed wads of cash into a blue bag, said a customer. Most of them were aged around 20-25 and were speaking in both Hindi and Bengali, he added. tnnThe operation lasted for 15 minutes following which they left the bank and locked it from outside. The gang also warned people not to leave before 15 minutes, else the branch would be bombed.Nadia SP Sabyasachi Raman Mishra confirmed the incident and said Rs 30 lak was stolen. \"An investigation has been initiated,\" SP added.Rare in type, a group of miscreants about 6 in number, robbed away with about rupees 30 lakh from Nadia's Ranaghat Branch of UCO Bank on Monday morning before properly initiation of bank hours. The mostly Hindi speaking armed robbers allegedly compelled 2 bank officials on gun point to open the vault at around 9.50 am. and left the branch within 15 minutes after locking the same from outside. Later police rescued the workers and some customers after unlocking the branch, police sources said. Ashok Kumar Prasadh, DIG, Murshidabad Range, SP, Nadia Sabyasachi Raman Mishra and other police officials rushed the spot.Sources said that the robbers entered the said branch of UCO Bank at Ranaghat Subhas Avenue at around 9.45am. While the bank workers had taken entry in to the branch one by one, were kept aside in branch by the miscreants on gun point. About 20 customers who also had taken entry during their action faced the same fate. The robbers snatched the mobiles of all the persons inside and kept over an almira.The robbers had instructed them just to bow down their heads and assured no harm to them.Once they demanded the keys of the vault from bank officials. They were ultimately compelled to open the vault before them. Then the robbers poured the cash in to a blue bag, a sources said. Before leaving the branch, the robbers warned everybody not to try to go out within 15 minutes of their exit either they would explode in the branch. They left the branch at around 10.05 am. leaving the branch under lock and key. Later police rescued them.A bank sources said that all the robbers were speaking in Hindi. Except one, the rest were of age between 20 to 25 years.Every one was holding the fire arms.One of the robbers stated to a captive in the branch,\" We will harm none of you as we are taking the Government money. You just keep mum and bow down until we leave.\"A police sources said that an investigation was initiated. As the DIG and SP were busy in the rudimentary investigation in the said branch , they did not meet the Press till 2.30pm.SP Nadia Sabyasachi Raman Mishra said that 6 robbers attacked the Ranaghat UCO Bank on Monday morning and according to Bank officials they robbed about rupees 30 lakh.\" The team was from outside and the investigation initiated,\" SP added. The robbers were speaking in Hindi and Bengali. They were holding fire arms and sharp weapons like scimitars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17109763", "title": "Gang of train looters busted, five held", "text": "LUDHIANA: Railway police have busted a gang of five miscreants, who allegedly poisoned people to steal their valuables from trains. All the five miscreants, who were also wanted in various other cases, were arrested on Monday.Gurnam Singh, in charge GRP at Ludhiana railway station, said based on a tip-off we nabbed all the gang members from the railway station at around 5pm. \"We have registered a case against all the five accused \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Ajay, Raj Kumar, Jaswant Singh, Babloo and Raju who hail from Delhi, Punjab and Bihar,\" he added.Regarding their modus operandi, Gurnam said the gang members used to travel in trains carrying cream biscuits laced with poison. Once they identified their targets they used to offer them these biscuits, following which they used to loot them, he said.\"We are hopeful of getting more information regarding the crimes committed by the gang at various places,\" added Gurnam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "17108843", "title": "Teachers allege violation of UGC norms in college promotions", "text": "PATIALA: With allegations about violation of mandatory guidelines of University Grants Commission (UGC) in the promotion of assistant professors of government colleges in Punjab flying high, the entire process has come under the scanner.The affected persons have procured the names of alleged beneficiaries under RTI and have decided to knock the doors of Punjab and Haryana high court against the Punjab education department.As per RTI information procured from Punjab government by the College Teacher's Forum, the state higher education department had promoted around 67 assistant professors as associate professors and also promoted some associate professors as principals of colleges during the last two years.But members of forum allegedly on Monday that UGC had issued guidelines for career advancement scheme (CAS) for all state government employees of the country. As per these guidelines, all state governments must check point-based performance of all assistant professors before their promotion as associate professors or principals.\"In these promotions, the department has ignored the mandatory UGC guidelines and has adopted a pick and choose policy to favour certain candidates. We demand a high level investigation into all promotions,\" stated Dr Harsh Mehta, general secretary of the forum, displaying the RTI information procured by them.Other members of the forum alleged that UGC has clearly stated in its guidelines that before promotion as associate professor, assistant professors must have three years teaching experience and during these three years, they must get 60 points for research work, 225 points for academic performance and 100 points for interview. But the department has promoted 67 assistant professors as associate professors without following the UGC criteria, they said.When contacted, DPI, colleges, Punjab, Tarsem Dhaliwal, who headed the committee which cleared the controversial promotions, denied the allegations.\"We have done nothing wrong. These assistant professors got promotions as they performed very well during their three years teaching time,\" said Dhaliwal.Meanwhile, the forum members have decided to raise the issue with Punjab CM within the next two days and have also announced to knock the doors of Punjab and Haryana high court. \"We would challenge these promotions in the high court after two days, if the CM fails to provide justice,\" said Mehta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17109914", "title": "Agitate for Goa Lokayukta: Anna", "text": "PANAJI: Anti-corruption activist Anna Hazare urged people to come onto the streets to remind the state government of its promise of setting up a Lokayukta to fight corruption in Goa.Hazare made the remark at a press conference in Panaji on Monday, when he was made aware that the Goa BJP government was yet to keep its Lokayukta promise.\"If people do not agitate, they are at fault,\" he said, adding that locals need to be made aware of how a Lokayukta will benefit the state. \"We (the IAC movement) had envisioned a Lokpal and Lokayukta system to tackle corruption. Lokayuktas are needed to tackle corruption at the state level. Class I, II, III and IV government employees will come under the purview of the Lokayuktas,\" he added.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar had said the Lokayukta would be in place within 100 days of his government coming to power. He later said the Lokayukta would be appointed before September 30, 2012. A selection committee headed by the advocate general had also been constituted. IAC Goa has also been demanding an amendment of the Goa Lokayukta Act on the lines of the Uttarakhand Lokayukta Act as promised by the BJP before the assembly elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "alwar/jaipur", "code": "17109653", "title": "ACB raids expose home guard-miner nexus in Alwar", "text": "ALWAR/JAIPUR: ACB raids in Alwar have once again exposed a close nexus of illegal miners with the men in uniform and district administration. ACB officials said the raid revealed that home guard personnel who are supposed to prevent illegal mining at ground zero were found to be taking money from the drivers deployed to transport the illegal products.The ACB seized Rs 4.35 lakh from a home guard outpost in Chopanki. The amount was reportedly given to the home guards to allow the \"smooth smuggle of illegal mining products into Haryana. The entire racket was being run in an organised manner and the money collected by each home guard was equally distributed among the six guards in the area.According to IG, ACB Umesh Mishra, the bureau received complaints recently that the home guard battalion deputed to prevent illegal mining in Chopanki was involved in collecting money from drivers.\"A trap team was formed and raids conducted at Chopanki camp office of the battalion on Monday,\" said Mishra. The ACB team recovered Rs 4.35 lakh from the Chopanki outpost. \"About 15 home guard jawans were questioned . It came up that the home guard jawans of six outposts in the area took Rs 100-200 from each vehicle carrying illegal mining products,\" said the officer .As per the modus operandi , a jawan uses a motorcycle to collect money from each home guard every day and submits the collection to the platoon commander. \"The money was then equally distributed among the six outposts. We have seized the money. We have launched a further investigation in this regard . Further action will be taken soon,\" said Mishra.Despite SC's blanket ban on illegal mining on Arawali in Alwar , the practice is going on unabated in Ramgarh Kishangarh Bas, Rajgarh, Bhiwari, Tapukara, Neemrana, Chopanki , Tijara and Chuharpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17107671", "title": "Cops to beefup security in industrial areas during Diwali festival", "text": "NASHIK: Security in the industrial areas of the city would be beefed up during the Diwali festival to prevent thefts when the industrial units are closed.Senior city cops on Monday said, during an interaction with office bearers from industrial associations, that adequate police security will be provided in the Satpur and Ambad industrial areas of Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) during the Diwali season.The meeting of industrial associations, police department officials and security agencies had been called in view of the Diwali festival as industries will be closed during November 10 to 17, 2012.Police commissioner Kulwant Kumar Sarangal said, \"Adequate police force will be deployed in Satpur and Ambad MIDC during Diwali and this will be operational from Friday, \" police commissioner Kulwant Kumar Sarangal said. He also asked businesses to send their schedule of distributing bonuses to their employees so that security could be provided to deter robberies.Sarangal added that the proposal to set up a separate police station in Ambad industrial areas had been sent to the state government. Moreover, 6,000 posts of police constables are to be to be recruited in the limits of city police commissionerate in the next three to four years.The police chief also asked industrialists to appoint licensed security agencies. \"Industries must affix responsibility on security agencies in case of thefts. We provide licenses to the agencies as per the act of central government and it is compulsory for these enterprises to appoint security guards and provide them adequate training.\"President of the Nashik Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (NIMA) Dhananjay Bele said, \"There are two MIDC areas -Satpur and Ambad in the limits of Nashik police commissionerate. There are around 4,500 large, medium and small industries and manufacturing of most of the industries belongs to auto and electric sectors. Steels, aluminium and other metals are used as raw materials by these companies at large scale. The industries are closed for around a week during Diwali festival. The cases of theft of metals occur in industrial areas during Diwali festivals,\" said and urged the police department to provide adequate police security.\"The president of Ambad Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (AIMA) Suresh Mali urged police commissioner Sarangal to recruit additional police force in Ambad police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17108528", "title": "State Information Commission slaps Rs 25,000 fine on Lucknow Municipal Corporation PIO", "text": "LUCKNOW: Yet another embarrassment for the Lucknow Municipal Corporation (LMC) which has a poor track record in providing information under the Right to Information (RTI) Act. The chief information commissioner Ranjit Singh Pankaj has slapped a fine of Rs 25,000 on the LMC public information officer PK Srivastava for not providing information to an applicant even after two years.The applicant had filed an RTI plea on November 29, 2010, seeking 10-point information from the PIO/municipal commissioner. When he failed to get it, he filed a complaint with the State Information Commission (SIC).The commission held at least five hearings into the matter, till January 17, 2012. On the first hearing, held on June 17, 2011, no one from LMC appeared before the commission. On January 17 this year, even as the commission took up the matter for the fifth time, there was no representation from LMC.Taking cognizance of the continued absence, the commission issued a showcause notice to the LMC and sought its reply on failure to provide information. But even after this no one from LMC appeared before the commission. Consequently, the commission slapped a fine of Rs 25,000 on Srivastava, who is also additional municipal commissioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17109887", "title": "Sailors want jobs on stricken ship", "text": "CHENNAI: Port and shipping authorities have only begun an operation to salvage the stranded MT Pratibha Cauvery but seamen are already queuing up to work on board the derelict vessel that ran aground off Elliot's Beach last Wednesday. The unemployed sailors are desperate for jobs and agents are making a killing by charging each as much as 40,000 to find them a spot on the ship.Experts say there is a paucity of jobs in the shipping sector, which has too few jobs for the large number of engineers graduating from marine institutions.Aravind (name changed), a sailor, is looking for a job aboard the ship. \"A friend told me that recruitment would begin once the beached vessel is salvaged,\" he said. \"I approached an employment agent in Royapettah who said he could get me a job for 40,000.\"When reminded that the crew of the vessel had not been paid for several months and that shipping authorities had declared Pratibha Cauvery not seaworthy, Aravind shrugged. \"I joined the profession knowing that I would have to experience tough conditions,\" he said. \"It is my source of livelihood. Even if I die, I know my family will be adequately compensated.\" Senthil Kumar, a deck cadet, is another candidate who sent an agent his resume as soon as he heard the crew had left the ship. \"I have spent more than 3 lakh to complete my maritime course,\" he said. The shipping industry is in a crisis and most companies have stopped recruiting sailors, so we are forced to pay agents for a job.\"Officials of Pratibha Shipping Company, which owns the oil tanker, also said they had received a number of job applications. \"While the old crew members can return, I think most of them are traumatised right now and will need some time to recuperate,\" said Sunil Pawar, CEO of the company.With the shipping industry hit hard by a slowdown, several sailors are now out of job and ready to take any opportunity that comes their way. V Manoj Joy, national coordinator of Sailors Helpline said, \"Anyone who wants to be employed on a ship has to go through a registered shipping agency, which is not allowed to take money from the sailor as it is paid by the shipping company.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17107357", "title": "Report leaked? Food scam details submitted on Oct 31", "text": "MUMBAI: A week after Biraj Patnaik, principal adviser to the apex court's special commissioners, submitted his critical report on the Rs 500-crore food scam, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan refused to comment on the findings, saying, he would not respond to the \"leaked report\".It seems that before making the \"leaked report\" statement, Chavan did not do adequate homework or seek information from New Delhi. According to a senior state government official, a copy of the report, signed by Patnaik, was submitted to the registrar of the apex court on October 31 and on the same day, it was submitted to the Maharashtra government counsel in the apex court.Women and child development principal secretary Ujjwal Uke said on Monday that he has written a letter to the registrar of the apex court for a certified copy of Patnaik's report. \"I have written a letter for an authentic copy of the report,\" Uke said.He said he had asked the integrated child development scheme commissioner to submit all the 350 files pertaining to the Rs 500 crore contract to him. \"For expression of interest, 350 organizations had submitted applications, of which, three were selected. We will have to examine all the files to verify if there was any violation of the SC guidelines. If irregularities are found, we will follow the due process of law and take action against the erring contractors,\" Uke said.Later, Chavan said that if a section of contractors had hijacked the Rs 500-crore scheme to supply food to poor children, pregnant and lactating women, then he will conduct a high-level probe into the entire tender process and take stern action. \"If private contractors have secured contracts against the guidelines of the apex court, we will take stern action against them,\" Chavan said, however, the CM remained non-committal on an inquiry and if his government will cancel all the three contracts.Meanwhile, a senior office-bearer of a society, which bagged the contract, said, there was nothing illegal in the allotments. \"The Supreme Court has specifically barred contractors from participating in the food supply scheme. We are not contractors, we are women's cooperative societies registered under the Maharashtra cooperative societies act. As such, it will be wrong to cancel our contract,\" he said.Further, he said, it was unfortunate that Patnaik did not meet any of the office-bearers of the mahila mandals. \"We have read the entire report. Had Patnaik interacted with us, several issues raised by him could have been sorted out,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17107145", "title": "Bangalore hotelier leads race to buy Moshe\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s", "text": "MUMBAI: Hotelier Prakash Shetty from Bangalore is leading the race of wealthy businessmen and private equity biggies to buy Moshe's, one of Mumbai's well-known bistros built over the past decade. Anjan Chatterjee of Mainland China, New Silk Route and Prakash Shetty are in the reckoning to acquire majority ownership from Moshe Shek who runs a chain of about 10 cafes and restaurants.Moshe Shek is considering final bids after appointing Lodha Capital Markets to find a buyer. Prakash Shetty, who had earlier bid for Niurla's and BJN Group, has strated due diligence for a possible transaction.The founder will retain a small stake and continue to manage the business, said people familair with the development. Moshe's is the latest in a series of investment deals in the food and beverage (F&B;) industry which is attracting a new breed of entrepreneurs and investors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17108565", "title": "Protest over withdrawal of fee waiver", "text": "HUBLI: The decision of the government to withdraw the facility of fee concession offered to the students belonging to SC/ST and OBC has drawn strong opposition from the student community. Various student organizations have already protested the government's move and have urged the government to continue the facility.On Monday, the students led by Akhila Bharateeya Vidyarthi Parishat (ABVP) boycotted classes and staged demonstration in Karnataka University campus. The protestors in a memorandum addressed to higher education minister and submitted to the VC said the government's decision to withdraw the fee concession and the circular to collect full fees from the students belonging to Category 1, 2A, 2B, 3A and 3B was regressive and had put students from economically weaker section in jeopardy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17107217", "title": "Gaganjeet Bhullar joins elite golfers' league", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Gaganjeet Bhullar, at the age of 24, became the youngest Indian to crack the elite group of the top-100 players of the world in the latest rankings released on Monday.This distinction was held earlier by Jeev Milkha Singh , who broke the barrier in 2006 at the age of 34 and Jyoti Randhawa emulated the feat in the same year when aged also 34.\"It's definitely my hard work and patience which is paying off. And being the youngest Indian to break into the top-100 is what I always thought of doing. The goal is to break into the world's top-10,\" Bhullar told TOI from Singapore , where he plays the $6 million Barclays Open this week.He knows the secret, but knows it's a long, winding tough road to his destination. \"At the WGC-HSBC Champions last week, I was bombing my 3-wood longer than some of the drivers hit by the US PGA Tour players. So I know I have the game. I think the only difference is mental belief. But I am making a steady improvement in the mental side of the game also,\" he added.Bhullar, who learnt the sport at the Rail Coach Factory golf course, Kapurthala, and is a member of the Chandigarh Golf Club, adds another feather to his cap of being the youngest Indian to earn several distinctions.According to the latest Official World Golf Ranking (OWGR), Bhullar jumps 10 ranks on the back of a tied-18 finish in the $7 million WGC-HSBC Champions in China on Sunday to stand at 98th in the world. Only Jeev lies ahead of Bhullar currently, and is placed at 95 in the OWGR. The next best placed Indian on the OWGR is Anirban Lahiri at rank number 234.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17107272", "title": "A new mission against malnutrition", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government has launched a mission to widen the state's campaign against malnutrition. Called Rajmata Jijau Health and Nutrition Mission, it will focus on Mumbai and other cities and is to be implemented from November 14.Chief minister Chavan said the mission will incorporate new indicators like muscle weight to identify undernourished children and will reach out to private nursing homes and healthcare centres to monitor the nutritional status of infants and pregnant and lactating mothers. For early detection of malnourishment, the mission will stress on prenatal intervention till when a child turns two.A survey to assess the nutritional status of infants under the age of two and their mothers (conducted by the International Institute of Population Sciences in association with Unicef; released by the government on Monday) has found a marked improvement when compared to the findings of the National Family Health Survey, 2005-06.The latest survey found a sharp drop in malnutrition indicators like stunting, wasting and the state of being underweight.Stunting, which indicates a child's inability to achieve growth because of persistent deprivation of nutrition, for instance, declined from 39% (NFHS) to 22.8%.Similarly, wasting (too thin for a particular age) dropped from 19.9 % to 15.5% and the state of being underweight came down from 29.6 % to 21.8%.Dr Victor Aguayo, chief nutritionist, Unicef-India, termed the improvement a game changer and attributed it to an overall improvement in feeding practices and hygiene. Complimenting the government, he drew a comparison with the 1999-2006 period, when malnutrition indicators dropped merely from 41.4% to 38.8%.Unicef's Louis-Georges Arsenault said the latest findings were definitely a reason to celebrate. Women and child development minister Varsha Gaikwad said the findings gave confidence that the state would be able to achieve the UN's millennium develop-ment goals.While Aguayo stressed on a nutrition-specific new mission, Ujjwal Uke, principal secretary, women and child development department, said the campaign will also focus on reducing regional disparity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17107744", "title": "Rampant Lions brace for Warriors backlash", "text": "MUMBAI: In spite of an excellent start to the Momentum One-Day Cup, bizub Highveld Lions skipper Stephen Cook is still anticipating a long, hard struggle in this year's 50-over competition.\"We had a great start against the Titans last week, but there is still a lot of cricket to be played. I always knew that the guys were physically prepared to bounce back from the Champions League final, it was just a question of the mental state,\" he said ahead of his side's visit to Axxess St George's on Wednesday.\"But this is a long and tough competition, and we have to focus on playing well against the Warriors, who have always been a tough team to beat, especially at home,\" Cook warned.Cook, who was one of the brightest lights in the Lions' comprehensive 169-run drubbing of the Titans with a classy century, said he was hoping to keep the runs flowing. \"I haven't played as much one-day cricket as I would have liked to over the last few years, but I have put in a lot of hard work recently, and it was nice to see that pay off,\" he added.While the Lions have enjoyed a fast start, their hosts, the Chevrolet Warriors, will be looking to bounce back after a 91-run defeat to the Chevrolet Knights on Sunday.\"We definitely let ourselves down in the field against the Knights, and we will be working hard to turn that around,\" skipper Davy Jacobs said, after marking his birthday with a poor display.Over the last few years, the Port Elizabeth franchise has been one of the dominant forces in limited-overs cricket in South Africa, and Jacobs was confident that they would hit their straps again on Wednesday.\"We pride ourselves on keeping things simple and that has taken us a long way over the last few seasons. Obviously it wasn't the best start against the Knights, but we have an opportunity to correct that very soon,\" he warned.Jacobs also said his side couldn't wait to play in front of its jovial home crowd. \"It's a really special place to play, because the grandstand is so close, and then we also have the band. So, as a team, we always look forward to performing in front of our home crowd and we hope to give them a big performance against the Lions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17107472", "title": "Politician dies after swallowing heroin packets", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Ghaziabad based politician arrested on suspicion of involvement with an international group smuggling drugs to the European Union has died of internal bleeding caused by swallowing packets of heroin.Police said Anil Pratap Singh Chauhan (50) \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a former vice-president of BSP's Ghaziabad unit \u00e2\u20ac\u201d died at DDU Hospital on Friday. He was arrested on October 16 and hospitalized on October 23 after he fell seriously ill at Tihar Jail. The jail authorities said 60gm heroin was found inside Chauhan's stomach during the autopsy.\"We have been informed by Tihar authorities that the accused fell ill on October 23 and was admitted at DDU Hospital, where he breathed his last this Friday,'' said Sanjeev Yadav, DCP (special cell). Chauhan was caught by the cell after being named by two Nigerians.\"He might have swallowed the drugs to make it difficult for police to prove charges. He was also probably hoping to sell the heroin after getting bail. It is common for drug traffickers to conceal drugs this way, but in this case the quantity was just too much,'' said an officer of the cell.DCP Yadav said Chauhan had been supplying drugs for 20 years. \"He was an influential politician and remained the district vice-president of Bahujan Samaj Party for five years, from 2007 to January 2012. In the 2004 Lok Sabha elections, he was a strong contender for BSP's Shahjahanpur ticket but lost out at the last moment. Chauhan was a native of Bareilly, where opium is legally cultivated. In 1998, he was also arrested in Faridabad for possessing heroin.''Chauhan allegedly sourced crude heroin from a contact in Kota, Rajasthan, and sometimes from Pakistan. Pure heroin was then extracted at his house in Ghaziabad's upmarket Awantika Vihar area by an aide named Arun. Chauhan and his contacts reportedly sent heroin and hashish to other countries through courier companies. The contraband was wrapped in carbon papers to prevent detection by X-ray scanners, and concealed in items like books, bags, shoes and briefcases.A special cell team had busted the international racket supplying heroin to France, Germany, England and even the US. Police say the gang had operatives from India and Canada. All the Indians arrested in connection with the case were veterans but police believe they had been lying low for the last few years. The Nigerians arrested along with Chauhan were found in possession of 3.52kg fine quality heroin and 6.2kg hashish valued at more than Rs 8 crore in the international market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17108332", "title": "Film row a campaign to humiliate govt: Mamata Banerjee", "text": "KOLKATA: West chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Monday broke her silence on the '3 Kanya' controversy, alleging it was a conspiracy against her government.\"If my government is so keen to ban a film why would it choose to stop its screening at only one hall but allow it to run in 31 others statewide?\" asked Mamata, two days after a theatre refused to allow the movie that is said to be loosely based on the Park Street rape. \"Obviously, it is a well-designed campaign to embarrass and humiliate the government,\" she said.The government has no role in it, she insisted. \"These are being spread with an ulterior motive. The government has never interfered in the issue and it has been clearly indicated by the state home secretary,\" the CM wrote in a Facebook post on Monday evening. \"Therefore, my appeal will be not to believe any such disinformation and misinformation campaign against the government.\"The CM's argument does not answer the theatre's explanation that they decided against screening '3 Kanya' because it was too long a film. Director of the film Agnidev Chatterjee is planning to move court against the alleged discrimination.Chatterjee dared the CM to order an investigation. \"If the government feels it has been maligned, it is perhaps appropriate that it orders a thorough inquiry. Every time we try to find the answer to why the movie was not screened in Star Theatre, all we get is contradictory replies. All this can be set right only if the true reasons are found,\" he said on Monday.Star is now run by a private agency, Artage. It apparently had an agreement with the filmmakers to run it for nine days but backed out on the release date, triggering a controversy. What complicated things were the varying reasons handed out for the alleged ban \u00e2\u20ac\u201d on the first day, the excuse was that the film was \"anti-government\", on the second day, that the film was too long and on Monday, Artage said the film will not be screened at all.To make matters worse, theatre actor Arpita Ghosh \u00e2\u20ac\u201d who is a member of a committee overseeing Star, Minerva and Uttam Mancha \u00e2\u20ac\u201d let loose a cryptic remark at a time when the government was trying to distance itself from the controversy. She was quoted as saying that the committee often \"pre-screens\" which plays to be staged at Star, leaving scope for interpretation that the panel was doing the same for movies too.Mamata alleged that the \"misinformation\" was meant to undermine Trinamool Congress' stand on pro-people issues. Her opposition to issues like FDI in multi-brand retail, pension reforms, and the cap on subsidized LPG cylinders had \"put some vested interests in an uncomfortable situation,\" she said. \"This is the motive of this section of the so-called media to plant such stories without any basis.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17108099", "title": "Slammed for comparing Vivekananda's IQ with Dawood's, Nitin Gadkari says he was misquoted", "text": "BHOPAL: BJP president Nitin Gadkari courted fresh controversy after he compared the intelligent quotients (IQs) of Swami Vivekananda and underworld don Dawood Ibrahim during a programme here to honour women leaders of the state.\"In psychology, we measure IQ levels of people... If we compare the IQ level of Swami Vivekananda and Dawood Ibrahim, then it could be the same. But Vivekananda used it in nation building and spiritualism while Dawood used it in excelling in crime world,\" Gadkari said at a function here on Sunday.AICC spokesperson Renuka Chowdhury said, \"Why should he link Vivekananda to Dawood Ibrahmin. Gadkari can have Vivekananda in his heart, we accept. But he also has Dawood there. He should answer why so?\"Gadkari said his statement was twisted by the media. \"I did not make any comparison between Swami Vivekananda and Dawood Ibrahim. What I said was that if one used one's intelligence properly then one could become a saint like Swami Vivekananda. I have been grossly misquoted.\"Interestingly, while paying tributes to women leaders here on Sunday, Gadkari hinted he wasn't an advocate of reservations for fair sex. \"When people ask me about reservation for women, I tell them Indira Gandhi and Mayawati did not benefit from reservations,\" he said. Mentioning the names of several women leaders he said, \"There are two ways of getting ahead in life. Take two parallel lines - you can make one longer by deleting the other or you can make the effort and stretch your line ahead of the parallel.\"He acknowledged that women have been discriminated against and there was no connection between \"caste, creed religion and gender\" and aptitude and hard-work. A gifted worker cannot be suppressed forever, he said. \"The heavier the object you throw, that much water will splash out. The harder you work, that much recognition will be yours,\" Gadkari explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17108293", "title": "After a gap of 2 months, Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon meeting today", "text": "GURGAON: After a gap of nearly two months, the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) will have its 'monthly' House meeting on Tuesday. The agenda, however, remains the same as the last one and no additional items have been included for this meeting.The session could witness some clamor as the opposition members gear up to target the MCG medical officer. \"The sanitation condition across the city is pathetic and the authorities are simply not paying attention to this. They seem to be hand in glove with the sanitation agencies and despite getting so many complaints against these contractors, they are not taking any action against them,\" said said Mangat Ram Bagri, BJP councillor.\"We will demand that the medical officer Aruna Sangwan should be removed immediately from here post,\" he added. INLD is also planning to croner the mayor on the issue of basic amenities in colonies around IAF depot.He claimed that despite her deputation period getting over twice, she still continues as the medical officer. \"She should be sent back %to her parent department at once,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17106918", "title": "Our wealthy clients, with $1.6tn, are keen on India: Aashish Kamat", "text": "MUMBAI: Swiss banking giant UBS has been hitting the headlines for all the wrong reasons - restructuring, job cuts, losses and unauthorized trades. Recently, UBS said it would \"let go\" 10,000 jobs by 2015 as part of a turnaround plan from the four-year-old global financial crisis. UBS India CEO Aashish Kamat, who has also donned the firefighter's helmet, said the global shake-up will have no material impact on the Indian operations. \"This is part of our strategy to free capital from risk-weighted assets, very little of which we have here,\" explained the 46-year-old chartered accountant, and an amateur squash player, who took charge of the India unit last November. Excerpts:UBS has been restructuring itself globally. The bank is trimming off risk-weighted businesses like fixed income. To what extent will the India operations be impacted by the global realignment?None of this will impact the India business in a material manner. I mean we're not closing our fixed income business. What is being done globally is part of the investor strategy that was laid out last year. Tougher regulations post the 2008 crisis have made capital really punitive, and we want to free most of our risk-weighted capital, which means we would look to come out of the long-dated fixed income play.In India, and in most of Asia, we have very little of this business. We will continue with what we do in fixed income business here, which is basically floor products, not dated for more than five years. Globally, we are reversing capital deployment between investment banking and private wealth management. Currently, our capital in play is roughly $40 billion, with about 65% in investment banking and 35% in private wealth. But 80% of our pre-tax revenue comes from private wealth and 20% from investment banking. Hence, we will reverse the capital ratio in favour of private wealth in the next three years.And private wealth management, where we have in excess of $1.6 trillion, is a big emerging opportunity in India.What model will UBS adopt to move ahead in India?We will have an integrated banking model here. We have a securities unit and the banking branch. UBS will develop it further, adding a very robust corporate banking business. We have never worked on developing our corporate banking ties with Swiss MNCs in India. We want to be among the top three bankers to them, like how Deutsche Bank has leveraged the German corporates. We are starting a little bit behind.Almost 95% of India's listed companies are driven by strong promoters or identified large investors. They prefer unified banking model, starting with their wealth management to trade financing to capital raise to M&A; advisory. It's important for us to build our banking operations, especially since domestic investment banking fee is small and declining.You have only one branch in India. Is it a conscious decision not to apply for more branch licences?We want to develop our advantageous niche with Swiss MNCs. And if we get going, then I would want to have branches in Pune or in Chennai where there are Swiss clients, because I want to do business with them, whether it's working capital loan, trade finance or export credit. So, while we want to expand our banking footprint, we will be cautious. It's still not a level playing field and the local folks can have us for their lunch any day. I guess some of our European peers realized this with their branch expansion here.How strong are your hopes on building private wealth management business here, since that's a big opportunity for you?A lot of our private wealth clients - these are folks with $100 million upwards in play - would love to invest in India. But it all depends on how the government gets its act together, especially on the Qualified Foreign Investors (QFI) regime. They don't want to be caught in this PAN ID issue. They say make it easy for us to enter and leave the market as in the case of Singapore or Indonesia . Then there's withholding tax, but 10-15% is fine as long as there's absolute clarity about it. They say they are happy to do it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "faizabad", "code": "17108375", "title": "Coming weeks are real test for admin", "text": "FAIZABAD: Even as a bruised town struggles to survive the feeling of distrust that the October 24 riots have left, the common man appears determined to restore the communal harmony and peace which it has always been known for. Backed by the district administration, the locals are coming forward to do whatever it takes and ensure that the minuscule minority of mischief-mongers do not create trouble during the coming weeks with Diwali, Muharram and Milad-un-Nabi lined up one after the other.For the district administration, the challenge to maintain peace is really big, particularly because all the three occasions involve outdoor activities. \"One stray stone on any religious procession is more than enough to spoil the show, so the task is a daunting one. But we are hopeful that Faizabad will emerge victorious,\" says Abdullah, owner of a furniture store in the Chowk area. \"Our focus is on reviving the peace committees at 'mohalla' (locality) levels in which we appoint influential persons and give them the responsibility of keeping a close watch over the situation,\" says senior superintendent of police Ramit Sharma.For district magistrate Deepak Agarwal, who was shifted to Faizabad barely days before the communal clashes broke out, it's a 24X7 call. \"We are leaving nothing to chance this time. People are also coming forward to help us deal with the situation,\" he says. \"People by and large understand that such violent incidents are the handiwork of a few, but affect everyone. So they are determined to ensure that a handful of anti-social elements do not hold the entire city to ransom again,\" Agarwal explains.\"What has happened cannot be undone. But it is time for the people of this town to come together and defeat the nefarious designs of a few who have tried to divide the people of this holy city,\" says Mahant Nritya Gopal Das of Sri Rambhoomi Trust. \"People of Faizabad have always set an example of communal harmony and will do the same again,\" says Mufti Ubaidur-Rehman, Imam of Jama Masjid Sarai in the temple town of Faizabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17109532", "title": "Yuvraj, Harbhajan and Vijay handed Test recalls; Raina gets the boot", "text": "MUMBAI: Yuvraj Singh returned to the Test fold on Monday after the national selection committee met along with India captain MS Dhoni to pick the team for the first two games against England starting November 15.Yuvraj's Punjab teammate, Harbhajan Singh , also returned to the team after more than a year of being ignored.The selectors met in Mumbai to pick a 15-member squad that mostly went on predicted lines, but also sprung a few surprises, biggest being the selection of Murali Vijay as third opener.Yuvraj replaced middle-order batsman Suresh Raina in the team that played against New Zealand last month; Harbhajan comes in place of leg-spinner Piyush Chawla, undergoing a rehab; and Vijay replaces Tamil Nadu teammate S Badrinath, who had been picked to replace the retired VVS Laxman in India's last Test series.The meeting did not last long as there were no changes made to the rest of the squad. The new selection committee, headed by former India batsman Sandeep Patil, met for the first time to pick a Test team and instead of picking players just for the first game against England, they settled for the first two.If Yuvraj plays, it will be his 38th outing for India in Tests after last playing a match in November 2011 at home against the West Indies. If Harbhajan figures in the eleven, it will be his 99th Test. He last played in a Test on the tour of England, last August.Mumbai batsman Ajinkya Rahane has been retained in the squad of 15. However, with selectors picking Vijay as third opener, despite him replacing middle-order batsman Badrinath, it is clear that the Mumbaikar is now being looked at as a middle-order batsman, not an opener.\"We have selected three openers, not four,\" chief selector Patil told the BCCI website. \"Ajinkya Rahane has been picked as a middle-order batsman . We tried to provide the captain and the team management with a backup option for all departments. We have an extra spinner, top-order batsman, middle-order batsman and pacer.\"Vijay's selection is on the basis of a massive 266 for Rest Of India against Rajasthan, in the Irani Trophy. He also had good scores against his name in the Vijay Hazare Trophy. Vijay last played in Tests for India on the tour of West Indies last year, where he scored just 72 runs in six innings.Going by the selection and Patil's comment, it is likely that the team management will go into the first Test against England with the same squad that played against New Zealand at home last month. Yuvraj in place of Raina will be the sole change.Yuvraj refused to make any comment on his selection. After making a comeback to the Team India ranks in the World T20 in Sri Lanka , he followed it up with a double century in the Duleep Trophy that brought him back into Test reckoning. The left-hander returned to cricket this year after undergoing treatment for cancer.The Team: Mahendra Singh Dhoni (Capt.), Virender Sehwag, Gautam Gambhir, Virat Kohli, Sachin Tendulkar, Yuvraj Singh, Cheteshwar Pujara, R Ashwin, Umesh Yadav, Pragyan Ojha, Ajinkya Rahane, Harbhajan Singh, Ishant Sharma, Murali Vijay, Zaheer Khan.Zak proves fitnessZaheer Khan went through a fitness test under the watchful eye of the National Cricket Academy (NCA) physiotherapist Ashish Kaushik during Mumbai's Ranji Trophy match on Monday afternoon to prove his fitness before the team was scheduled to be picked.Times ViewThe inclusion of Zaheer Khan in the Indian squad for the first Test raises some questions on how serious selectors are about players being absolutely fit. Considering that Zaheer pulled out mid-over in the Ranji match on Sunday and didn't take the field on Monday, surely there are some question marks over just how fit he is at the moment. True, there are still about 10 days to go before the Test begins, but ideally he should have gone through a full match uninjured for us to feel secure about his fitness. He is undoubtedly the lynchpin of this Indian attack, but that does not mean applying different yardsticks to him. It sends out a signal of desperation that was best avoided.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17107652", "title": "Police issue guidelines for firecracker stalls ahead of Diwali", "text": "NASHIK: The city police have issued guidelines appealing to citizens and firecracker vendors to strictly adhere to the directives of the Supreme Court and the environment Act, ahead of Diwali.Apart from the ban of use of firecrackers between 10pm and 6am and on those firecrackers producing 125 decibels of sound and above, four meters from the spot they are burst, vendors will not be allowed to keep stock above 50kg. Further, the maximum limit for keeping Chinese crackers, which are mostly decorative, is 400 kg.The police have also said that the minimum distance between two stalls should be more than three meters and not less than 50 meters from a place declared as protected. No firecrackers should be burst within 100 meters of silence zones such as hospitals, educational institutions and the judicial court and the same rule is applicable within 100 meters of petrol pumps, and places stocking inflammable substances such as kerosene. Further, if there is more than one stall at a particular spot, their entrances should not be opposite one another. Meanwhile, the ban is also applicable on firecrackers known as 'atom bombs' weighing more than 25 grams and are 3.8 cm long. Crackers known as futfuti or tadtadi which have yellow phosphorous are banned and a lace of crackers over 20 feet will not be allowed.Senior police officials said that they are equipped with equipments to check sound levels and would be patrolling across the city to ensure that there are no norm violations. of the directive issued by the commissioner of police.The police commisisonerate has also instructed stall owners over precautionary measures in the event of a mishap near the stall. Cops have appealed to citizens to ensure guidelines are observed.Those violating rules may face imprisonment up to eight days or be slapped with a fine of Rs 1,250 for disobeying the order under sections of the Bombay Police Act.The civic body has invited bids for nearly a 100 firecrackers shops in vairous parts of the city. Apart fromFirecracker stalls are being erected at Dongre Vasti Griha grounds. The civic body has also invited bids from vendors wanting to sell firecrackers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17109636", "title": "PGI alumni to \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcopen\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 hallowed labs for doctors", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Soon the PGI faculty and young medicos will be able to enhance their skills at prestigious labs of the world with ease. With the recent setting up of the first alumni cell of PGI, the people who studied in the institute and are now posted in prestigious institutes like Mayo Clinic, Harvard, Cambridge, Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) and University of Texas will be able to extend their lab facilities for training young PGI medicos. Besides training PGI doctors in advanced techniques, they would also be holding lectures here at the institute.Its alumni comprise over 5,000 medical specialists and super-specialists and thousands of graduates and postgraduates in nursing, basic sciences and paramedical sciences. The PGI alumni are spread all over the world and hold important positions at reputed medical centers and hospitals. Many of them have achieved fame in education and research fields, while a large number of them serve the local communities with state of the art clinical facilities.\"Many of them who are in positions of authority at various institutes have given their consent to allow academic and research collaborations. We have big names like Dr Sanjay Kalra from the Mayo Clinic and Dr Praveen Singhal from a New York medical institute,\" said Dr S K Jindal, chairman of the golden jubilee committee.The main objective of the alumni cell is to allow international exposure at well known centers across the world. \"Recommendation by the people who work there, counts. Otherwise it is difficult to enter those labs,\" said Dr Jindal. The alumni giving back their expertise and know-how to their alma mater will in turn visit PGI as exchange visitors and also get clinical training on diseases. \"We receive many patients with a variety of diseases. This is not very common in the West. So they do not get to know of the huge range of diseases. PGI will offer them clinical training,\" said Dr Jindal.The golden jubilee alumni meeting is planned on December 15-16.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17109483", "title": "Green belt at Vellalore to ward off stench", "text": "COIMBATORE: A green belt around the dump yard is what the corporation officials are now banking on to provide relief to residents of Vellalore from the ever-present stench of garbage and refuse.The municipal corporation has already started work to develop a thick 'green belt' along the periphery of the landfill and the dump grounds. The green belt is nothing but thick rows of selective species of trees that bear flowers with strong fragrance, according to officials at the solid waste management facility here.The civic body has already given the green signal to the UPL Environmental Engineers, a private firm involved in the solid waste management project, to develop the green belt comprising of closely-planted trees which apart from adding a green cover to the landscape will also act as wind barriers. The main idea is to ensure that the trees once grown to their full height and canopy size will absorb excess carbon dioxide and other toxic pollutants including ash and soot produced during fire outbreaks at the yard. \"The fully developed green belt with thickly planted tree varieties will produce a considerable amount of oxygen and reduce the pollution in case of fire outbreaks at the yard,\" said A Subba Reddy, supervisor in charge of the green belt at the yard.The main varieties of trees that are being planted at the yard are ashoka tree (polyalthia longfolia), vagai (albizia lebbeck), mayil kondrai tree and bamboo. These are to be planted along the periphery of the sanitary landfill, to be maintained by the private firm.After the recent fire mishap on October 6 at the sanitary landfill, more than 100 ashoka trees were planted at the yard and an additional 500 saplings will be planted in the coming days. The development of green belts to combat air pollution has been adopted at several industrial and common effluent treatment plants, especially in Tirupur and nearby areas, claimed S P Ravichandran, who was formerly employed with the Plantation Development Office of South India Viscose Ltd and is presently in charge of the green belt at Vellalore. \"There are around 3,000 trees already planted inside the dump yard and we are planning to increase the green belt further by planting more trees in the coming days. It has been proven that the leaves of the trees also absorb pollutants from the air,\" he said.The entire maintenance cost for the green belt is borne by the private firm. The estimated maintenance cost for each sapling is around Rs 30. The saplings are watered on alternate days and labourers are employed at the yard to add manure and nurture them. A few city NGOs and the forest department are supplying the saplings to be planted at the Vellalore dump.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17108902", "title": "Ex-Allahabad University teacher elected geography assn chief", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Prof HN Misra, former HoD, AU geography department and Emeritus Professor in the department has been unanimously elected as president of the National Association of Geographers of India (NAGI). His name was decided at the 34th Indian Geography Congress held recently at Patna University. Giving this information, present HoD, AU geography department, Prof Manorama Shinha said that Prof Mishra being elected as the president of NAGI is a great honour for the university.Professor HN Misra has been recently sanctioned a UGC research project. The Indian Council of Social Science Research (ICSSR) has also sanctioned a project to him. Prof Misra was editor of ANNALS- a journal of the NAGI, for 10 years. He was a senior Fulbright Fellow at the University of Pittsburgh and Commonwealth Academic Staff Fellow at the Cambridge University.Meanwhile, two-day workshop on capacity building in disease control and sustenance was inaugurated at Allahabad University on Monday. Dean research and development Prof NR Farroqi inaugurated the workshop.Speakers were unanimous on multifarious effect of environment, health and biology of parasitic disease organisms to cause biotechnological barcode variations in human and animal body. Such inherent changes caused by mutations would demonstrate the urgent need to strengthen our basic infrastructure and manpower being trained in the universities and postgraduate colleges of the country.Guest of honour and vice-chancellor of Doon University Prof VK Jain said natural resources in environment is directly linked to disease and health deterioration in human beings. In 1951 and 2000, per capita freshwater available in India, was 5177 cubic meters and 2000 cubic meters respectively, which would decrease to 1140 cubic meters by 2050. It is thus a cause of serious concern that India would become a water stressed country soon. \"Melting of the glaciers in the Himalayas would lead to rise in sea level, resulting in increased flooding, sea water intrusion, significant loss of coral reefs and biodiversity. This would further enhance the mortality rate due to many infectious diseases,\" Jain said. The spatial and temporal variation in water availability has caused greater stress on sanitation, hygiene and health of vulnerable sections of our society, which would threaten to alter the aquatic environment.Former AU VC Prof HR Singh said the effort by the Parasitology Laboratory of the zoology department to conduct exhaustive and meticulously planned training schedule for the benefit of villagers, as well as the younger scientific force, that is essential in the modern world that it would not survive and the progress of a country would be derailed if younger research students are not equipped with latest advancements in the field of barcode structure comprising tools of DNA sequencing and other immunological methods to treat diseases in human being as well as animals of importance to man. The idea to include villagers in this training effort will help to improve understanding of phylogeny of disease organism's of developing effective mechanisms of disease control and their implementation by villagers in rural ponds for better productivity from aquaculture. The department will also host a symposium on parasitic diseases on November 7.In other developments at AU, Allahabad University vice-chancellor on Monday laid the foundation stone of a new annexe and mess of Sir Sunder Lal Hostel. The annexe is being constructed from the funds of XIIth Five Year Plan. It will have 53 rooms for hostelers and dinning space for 300 inmates. Many AU teachers were present on the occasion. Besides, the new mess of PC Banerji hostel is also ready and will be inaugurated soon. In yet other development, AU chief proctor Prof Mata Amber Tiwari has said that university will conduct an on the spot verification of the rooms allotted to students in hostels. FIR would be lodged against illegal inmates and the students in whose name the room was allotted. AU may also expel the student. If no inmate is found in his or her room during the physical verification drive, the allotment would be cancelled and the room would be locked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17108859", "title": "CBI refers Cipriano case to Mum office", "text": "PANAJI: The CBI, Goa, has referred the state government's request- to take over the Cipriano Fernandes custodial death case- to its regional office in Mumbai and asked the officials there to take a call on whether the Goa CBI or the CBI's special crime branch in Mumbai should investigate the case.Last week, the state government had written to the CBI to expedite the process of taking over the Cipriano custodial death case. Sources in the CBI said, \"As it is a conventional crime, we have asked the officials in the regional office to take a decision.\"The state government had informed the high court of Bombay at Goa that they would hand over the Cipriano case to the CBI and had issued a notification in this regard. Sources in the CBI said that once a decision is taken by their superiors, then either the CBI, Goa, or the CBI's special crime branch, Mumbai, will investigate the case.At present, the case is being investigated by the special investigation team lead by PI Braz Menezes and under the guidance of DySP Mohan Naik. Fernandes, a 38-year-old seafarer, was picked up by the Panaji police from his aunt's residence in Porvorim on the evening of January 7, 2011, and placed under 'preventive measure' after his girlfriend complained that he threatened her with a knife at her house in Caranzalem.He died on January 9, 2011, two days after he was arrested by the Panaji police, due to a head injury. The policemen also face charges for destruction of evidence in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "17109720", "title": "State lifters to participate in Myanmar championships", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Two weightlifters from the state have been selected for the Asian Youth (boys and girls) and Junior Men's Weightlifting Championships 2012, organized by the Myanmar Weightlifting Federation.Arun Santa of Sports Hostel, Berhampur, and Achyutanand Sahu, along with their coach Sita Prasad Patnaik, have already left for Myanmar. The eight-day championships began on Monday. Santa will participate in both youth and junior categories while Sahu will participate in the junior category.The age limits for the youth, junior and senior categories are 16 years, 16-20 years and above 20 years, respectively. Santa and Sahu are among the eight weightlifters from across India participating in the international event. \"There are eight weightlifters from across the country... and two of them are from Odisha,\" coach Patnaik told TOI from Patiala before leaving for Myanmar. Indian women weightlifters will, however, not participate in the event.The weightlifters practised for over four months at the India camp in Patiala. Patnaik was confident that his boys would perform well in Myanmar.Sahu and Santa had participated in several international and national championships. Santa had won gold medal in the youth boys' event at Commonwealth Weightlifting Championship (Senior, Junior and Youth) held in South Africa in June last. Arun had lifted 94kg in snatch, 120 kg in clean and jerk and total of 214 kg here.Sahu, the young weightlifter from Kendrapada and former inmate of Sports Hostel, has a couple of gold medals and a silver medal to his credit. Sahu won the medals in the 62kg weight category at the Commonwealth Weightlifting Championships in South Africa last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "q", "code": "17108342", "title": "'Riots handiwork ofmischief-mongers'", "text": "Q: Eight communal riots in eight months of SP government rule in Uttar Pradesh. How would you explain these sudden triggers?A: In most of the cases, it was the mischief-mongers who triggered the riots despite the absence of any substantial provocation. In Mathura, it started from a dispute over using drinking water stored outside a place of worship. In Pratapgarh it started from a dispute between a rickshaw-puller and a passenger. These issues have never culminated in riots earlier. In some cases there was some laxity on the part of the authorities, but in all cases action was initiated against those responsible irrespective of their post and seniority. In some other cases, it was wild rumour-mongering that added to the crisis. We are now working on a strategy to check rumor mongering in such situations.Q: In Faizabad, the riots are believed to be pre-planned.A: Look at the points and timing of the communal flare-up reported from different pockets. The first incident was reported from Rudauli which is situated on the borders towards Lucknow. By the time the police force could reach the site and control the situation, reports of rioting came in from the end of the district and so on. Then rumors played an important role in keeping the police pre-occupied in small groups in different locations. This deprived the cops of any concerted move to contain the situation. Then, in the police searches that followed after the curfew, petrol and kerosene bombs were recovered from residential premises in certain areas. These things surely appear suspicious.Q: There are allegations that the authorities in Faizabad were siding with a particular community in terms of initiating action against the mischief-mongers and rioters?A: The arrests are not based on the basis of communities or groups. It is taken against those found to be involved in crime. Such allegations are baseless. Anyone can verify the records pertaining to arrests of the accused, distribution of compensation to those whose shops and stalls were gutted. There is no reason for the police to side with anyone in such matters.Q: Do the police have a strategy in place to handle such sporadic communal outbursts in time so as to bring the situation under control during the initial stages of violence itself?A: We have held quite a few meetings and briefed the officials to ensure quick response to complaints of group clashes, brawls and similar disputes that reach the police. That is one way to tackle the crises before the situation slips out of hand. Then in Faizabad, we are preparing to slap NSA on those who have been actively involved in the violence. None of the accused will be spared and stringent action will be initiated against them to set an example for the rest.Q: What about precautionary measures to ensure that minor issues between communities are resolved before they assume proportions of a riot?A: The authorities in most of the communally sensitive districts have been directed to revive the peace committee system at the locality levels. Here, respectable locals who have a say in their locality are nominated as heads and entrusted with the responsibility of ensuring that minor issues are dealt with before they become a major problem. The local police is required to meet such heads on regular basis to keep a tab on what is happening where", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17108085", "title": "Assam gets $320m from World Bank to improve roads", "text": "NEW DELHI: World Bank on Monday signed an agreement with the central and Assam governments to provide $320 million, around Rs 1,760 crore, for improving secondary road network in the north-eastern state.The project will support improvement of priority sections of secondary roads, implementation of Assam's 'Road Sector Modernization Programme' and development of a multi-sector road safety strategy, a statement said. As per the agreement, the project will be implemented over a period of six years.This is the second big financial allocation, though from an external agency, for Assam after the road transport and highways ministry gave around Rs 6,000 crore to improve the national highways across the state. Assam has the maximum share of a special road development programme designed for the north-eastern states.The objective of the World Bank project is to enhance road connectivity in Assam by assisting the public works department to improve and effectively manage its road network. During the project period, strategies and measures will be put in place to strengthen management capacity of related agencies in the state through developing and implementing a multi-sector road safety strategy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17109839", "title": "Man attempts world record in calculating LCM", "text": "INDORE: Indore-based Sayyad Rehan Ali, 35, attempted a world record for fastest calculation of least common multiple (LCM) given to him by the audience here on Monday. He took not more than four seconds to produce the answer.The record was attempted at JJ Public School where he gave LCM of two digit numbers. He gave correct answers of 125 questions at a stretch. Manish Vishnoi, organizer of the event, said, \"As per the guidelines of Golden Book of World Record, to make a record one has to give more than 100 answers and each answer has to be given in maximum of five seconds. All answers have to be given without using pen and paper.\"To certify the answers given by Ali, three mathematicians were present on the occasion. Taruvar Patidar (MSc maths), Sanjay Jain (Engineer) and Sohan Bhaiyal (BSc maths) judged the answers. The record has been sent to Golden Book of World Records, India Book of Records and Limca Book of Records for their final approval.According to the organizer, the city will witness another world record of doing 8000 non-stop sit-ups, which will be attempted on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17107927", "title": "Five booked for woman labourers' death", "text": "NAGPUR: Kalamna police booked five people on Monday in the death of two woman labourers in a wall collapse in New Pardi area on Kamptee Road on Sunday afternoon.Malti Sahoo, a resident of New Pardi, and Usha Bansod, a resident of Ambe Nagar, were resting near the wall when it collapsed and trapped them under the debris. Both died on the spot.Construction work had started just a month ago and the wall was built a fortnight back. The labourers claimed that the wall collapsed due to the vibration of the coal crusher machine operating along the wall on the neighbouring plot.After a night of protest by labourers, police booked the JCB operator driving the coal crusher machine. Contractor Pramod Ramteke and three others, Sandeep Patil, Mahendra Sahare and Umakant Khobragade, were also booked for negligence leading to the woman labourers' death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17107354", "title": "Firms may be penalized if solar targets are not met", "text": "MUMBAI: Top 50 corporate and industrial majors and most of the electricity generation and distribution companies in the country belonging to various state governments may face punitive action for not meeting the solar power generation targets mandated under the renewable purchase obligations (RPO).According to the RPOs, every company generating, consuming or distributing power has to ensure its nearly 9% energy component came from the renewable or non-conventional energy resources such as wind, solar, hydro, biogas etc. The generation targets through various resources have also been fixed for them.\"The country's shortfall in solar energy obligation is 30%.We recently wrote letters to top companies and state power authorities reminding them of their shortcomings on the RPO front and they must now improve on their targets,\" said Tarun Kapoor, joint secretary of the ministry of new and renewable energy, government of India.\"We have also recommended to the electricity regulatory authorities in the country to amend their rules and regulationsso that they just not only remind but also take some punitive actions against these companies to ensure better targets,\" he said while talking to the media on the outskirts of the inter-solar conference here.Kapoor said companies which have missed RPO targets over the last couple of years should be asked by the regulators to achieve them in the days to comeAnil Kakodkar, chairman of the Solar Energy Corporation of India &amp; Solar Energy Research Advisory Council, JNNSM, India also addressed the conference.According to Kapoor, by the year-end around 2,500MW is the target set for solar power but only 1100MW capacity is likely to be installed. \"Except Gujarat no other state has progressed up to the mark. Among companies Reliance Industries , Steel Authority of India and several others have to improve upon their captive renewable power generation targets,\" he said, pointing out that certain projects were delayed due to shortage of heat transfer fluid (HTF) required for running turbines based on steam after heating water with the help of solar energy.\"India has achieved 1,044MW capacity in 2012 compared to 10MW in 2010. This trend will hopefully continue on, as more states realize the potential of solar power. As part of the next 5 year plan, the renewable energy capacity is set to be increased up to 55000MW from the current 25000MW. Out of this, 10000MW will be contributed purely by solar power. Though the industry feels that this is an over-ambitious projection, I am very confident that we will achieve more that 10000MW solar contribution to over all renewable energy power supply.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17107764", "title": "Car owners see red over 'Operation Black Film'", "text": "HYDERABAD: Vehicle owners are fuming over 'Operation Black Film', the traffic police's move to check car window film violations claiming that they were not even being allowed to put tint as per the 'prescribed' norms. And, to increase their exasperation, traffic police are quoting a Supreme Court order to back their actions!Car owners claim that they are being denied even the limited 'privacy', caught as they are in a helpless situation between the apex court's order on tinted glass and the traffic police which is implementing the order.Actually, it is the responsibility of car manufacturers to affix safety glass (on front and rear windshields), which has visual light transmission (VLT) not less than 70% and 50% for side glasses. However, except for high-end cars, most vehicles hit the road with plain glass. Citing the apex court order, Hyderabad traffic police have said that no supplementary black film, even that which within the prescribed norms, could be used.\"After removing the tint from my car windows, driving at night has become difficult due to rear vehicles' light beams. And, these days, as it has been raining, it has became only more difficult. Is there anything that can be done to overcome this? Just to let you know that this might become a cause for accidents,\" one Ravi Teja , a senior operations professional at IBM, had left this message for Hyderabad traffic police on their Facebook page.\"Suppose, at night, if a girl is on her way to home in a car without black film. Some people can indulge in teasing. Can traffic people save her(sic)?\" questions one Praveen Kumar.\"To some extent, it is true that plain safety glasses are affixed by manufacturers. In the Supreme Court order, it is clearly mentioned that no additional tint can be used on the glass provided by the original equipment manufacturer,\" additional commissioner of police (traffic), CV Anand, told TOI.Nearly, 85% car owners in the city have already complied with the tint norms and voluntarily removed dark films from their vehicle windows. \"We are now targeting the remaining 15%. They have to fall in line and comply with the norms,\" he added.Citizens are questioning traffic police's drive by posting photographs of cars belonging to influential policemen, which are plying with tint. Photographs of an Innova Car (AP 11 AP 1575) sporting three stars, a car (AP 9 P 4769), which sports the legend 'President, AP Police Officers' Association' on its registration plate, have been posted as evidence.Police have claimed that over 50 VIPs, including some MLAs and MLCs, were issued challans after officials had removed their car window tints.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17109291", "title": "Djokovic scores over Tsonga at O2 Arena", "text": "LONDON: Top-seeded Serb Novak Djokovic stopped Frenchman Jo-Wilfried Tsonga 7-6, 6-3 in 1 hour and 39 minutes in a Group A clash of the Barclays ATP World Tour Finals at The O2 Arena late on Monday.It wasn't the best of serving days for Djokovic, who dug himself out of some potentially sticky situations with his trademark hitting from the back of the court.After a closely fought first set, where it was tough to tell the two players apart, the 25-year-old Djokovic's gritty backcourt game began to frustrate Tsonga, consequently errors started creeping into the big-hitting Tsonga's play.The athletic Frenchman, nicknamed Ali, was broken early in the second set.He broken again in the ninth game when he was serving to stay in the match.The Serb then closed out the match to take his place at the top of the group that also includes Andy Murray and Tomas Berdych.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17108413", "title": "Ranji Trophy: Gujarat gains 3 points against MP", "text": "INDORE: Gujarat on Monday registered three crucial points from their drawn opening Ranji Trophy Group A match against Madhya Pradesh, owing to a 105-run first innings lead.After setting a stiff winning target of 407 runs, Gujarat who had scored 355 in their first innings, restricted Madhya Pradesh to 258 for seven in 96 overs in their second essay at the draw of stumps.Madhya Pradesh, who were bowled out for 250 in their first innings, resumed their chase well at an overnight score of 23-0 at Holkar Cricket Stadium.Overnight openers Naman Ojha and Satyam Choudhary forged a 102-run partnership. Ojha blasted 11 fours and a six in his 81-ball innings, while Choudhary played the second fiddle with a patient 47, which included five hits to the fence.But Madhya Pradesh suffered a mini-collapse after that as they lost three quick wickets before Jalaj S Saxena (52) cracked a crucial unbeaten half century down the order to stop Gujarat from walking away with an outright win.For Gujarat, slow left-arm spinner Rakesh Dhurv bowled brilliantly, claiming four wickets and giving away just 45 runs in his 30 overs. Mehul Patel also supported him well with a three-wicket haul.Brief Score: Gujarat 355 &amp; 301/6d Madhya Pradesh 250 &amp; 258/7 in 96.0 overs (Naman Ojha 64, Jalaj S Saxena unbeaten 52; Rakesh Dhurv 4/45).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17107894", "title": "Police record statement of one minor girl", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The special investigation team probing the Arayidathupalam sex racket will interrogate the accused on the basis of the statement collected from the minor girls, who were involved in the case. Further investigation will also be based on the statement collected from the victims in the case. The police have already recorded the statement of one of the two minor girls. Statement from the second victim will be collected in the coming days, said the police.The police will also seek the custody of two of the accused, Prajeesh from Kakkodi and Vidyadharan from Mundikkalthazham. Seven of the nine accused, Dijo Joseph, T B Dennis, Muhammed Aslam, Reena Joseph, Swetha Reddy and Asmabi, Shyni, were sent to police custody on Monday following a request from investigating officer P K Raju.\"The accused will be taken to their places of operation in the coming days to collect evidence,\" said the officials.In the meantime, office bearers of Anweshi Women's Counselling Centre have decided to approach the Juvenile Justice Board seeking permission to visit the girls. \"Minor girls require support and protection and we will seek the permission of the board as the girls are now under its protection,\" said P Sreeja, secretary of Anweshi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17108640", "title": "A Living Hell", "text": "PANAJI: The village of Ambaulim is bordered by Balli on the west, Quepem town on the north, Rivona on the east and Cuncolim on the south. An industrial estate, which falls under Cuncolim municipality's jurisdiction, is uncomfortably perched, quite literally, at the villagers' feet, on the southern boundary.Though the about decade-old industrial estate appeared initially to be a boon with the prospect of jobs-most villagers in the seven-member panchayat are from the tribal community, predominantly farmers or daily-wage workers-it slowly turned disastrous, with air, water and noise pollution the order of the day.For several years now, Ambaulim's locals, including school-going children, have been fighting hard-they even faced a police lathicharge in 2010-to get the pollution checked.Sarpanch Fatima Rocha, a first-time panch from Akamoll, lives a stone's throw away from the industrial estate. \"We can hardly sleep at night, as there is a lot of noise and air pollution. The air we breathe stinks at times. Trucks move in and out all night,\" she told TOI.On April 14, the Ambaulim gram sabha passed a resolution urging panchayat authorities to act on the pollution issue. A letter was sent to the Goa state pollution control board (GSPCB) requesting an inspection. This was carried out in July, but no action has been initiated despite three reminders, say panchayat officials.Villagers allege the units dump waste in Ambaulim panchayat area. Panchayat officials say they even caught trucks offloading waste near the government high school. Following complaints this was stopped. Now the waste is dumped outside the industry compound.Lawrence Fernandes, a farmer from Akamoll blames politicians, including the MLA, and the government for apathy. \"Nobody is bothered to take action,\" he says. Another local claims, \"The industrial pollution in the paddy fields and cashew plantations has affected produce. Even fish are almost extinct in the nullah.\"Social activist, agriculturist and advocate John Fernandes, who resides at Ambaulim, alleges, \"Most of the factories are polluting. They have dumped some toxic waste in the abandoned laterite quarry at Tank within the industrial estate. The air is also filled with different gases released during production. This has brought down the quantum of yield in my plantation and that in other farms. The water too has been contaminated.\"The panchayat is not a beneficiary in terms of revenue, such as taxes, from the industries, yet locals have to bear the pollution.Cuncolim MLA Subhash 'Rajan' Naik agrees, \"Though the industrial estate is in the jurisdiction of Cuncolim municipal council, the people who really suffer from the pollution are from Ambaulim.\"Stating that he raised the issue in the last assembly, he told TOI that the industries minister has promised to settle the issue. \"Environment minister Alina Saldhana and Industries minister Mahadev Naik visited the site where industries dump their contaminated waste. Alina says that she assumes responsibility for the environmental pollution faced by the people,\" he claimed.He blamed GSPCB for neglecting people's problems. \"The board must conduct their inspection in the morning, because that's when it stinks the most,\" said Naik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17107252", "title": "Police pledge to HC: We will defuse noise-makers", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai police assured the Bombay high court on Monday that during Diwali, it will crack down on the sale of noisy firecrackers that exceed the 125-decibel limit.Sadanand Date, joint commissioner of police (law and order), said a notification has been issued to regulate the sale and use of crackers and action will be taken against distributors who violate it. Date was speaking at a special conference held \"to balance cultural activities with sound levels\" presided by a division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar.To a query whether manufacturers can be reined in, Awaaz Foundation's convenor Sumaira Abdulali said they are based outside the state. \"Once action is taken against such distributors, manufacturing will automatically stop,\" she added. DCP Pratap Digavkar said 'atom' and sutli bombs are the noisiest. \"Dogs go mad. My pet gets affected,'' added Digavkar.Earlier speakers urged for recons-i-dering permissible noise levels so th-at they can be practical. Cultural activist Anita Garware said Banganga festival was shifted to Horniman Circle and even the use of distributed sound system failed. \"We have to bala-nce cultural levels in Mumbai with so-und level. Let's not kill cultural activity.\"Ashok Ravat of Wecom Trust, on whose petition high court declared Shivaji Park a silence zone, said the playground must be preserved for the younger generation which comes to play there from all over Mumbai.The judges proposed setting up of a committee to decide if the court should permit cultural events in silence zones. They have asked the additional solicitor general to obtain instructions from the Union government whether it can consider changes in the Noise Pollution Rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17108121", "title": "Ministers spar leave BJP, Karnataka CM red-faced", "text": "BANGALORE: The faction-ridden Karnataka BJP suffered embarrassment when two ministers engaged in a verbal duel in the presence of top officials on Monday. The unsavoury incident occurred minutes before a conference of deputy commissioners and zilla panchayat CEOs was about to begin at Vidhana Soudha. The meeting was convened to review development works. The spat left chief minister Jagadish Shettar red-faced.It all started when co-operation minister B J Puttaswamy, a loyalist of former chief minister Yeddyurappa, taunted housing minister V Somanna, asking him why he is not showing up at meetings convened at Yeddyurappa's residence.It no secret that Somanna, a Lingayat, has maintained a safe distance from Yeddyurappa since the dissident announced his decision to float a party. He is reportedly in touch with other parties to seek a ticket for the next assembly election. He's on record saying he made a mistake by joining the BJP.Irked by the jibe, Somanna retorted: \"I introduced you to Yeddyurappa and also showed you the way to his house. Now you are spreading false rumours about me. I will teach you a lesson if you continue to do this. Be careful.\"Before Puttaswamy could retort, law and parliamentary affairs minister S Suresh Kumar , sitting between them, pacified the two. The incident left the officials dumbstruck.Later, sources said Puttaswamy accused Somanna of ditching Yeddyurappa. He also had a lengthy talk with the Lingayat strongman. \"He (Somanna) took all possible help from Yeddyurappa when he was in power but abandoned him when he was needed. People will teach him a lesson in the next election,\" he reportedly told his colleagues.BJP leaders refused to react. \"It was a spontaneous outburst, largely because of some misunderstanding. Media should not attach much importance to it,\" senior BJP leaders said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17108445", "title": "Criminals make it panic Monday for Lucknow, police", "text": "LUCKNOW: The start of the week was extremely eventful for the city police as three theft cases and one robbery were reported in different locations of the city on Monday.Ghazipur emerged as the favourite belt for the criminals on Monday, as three cases of different types took place under its jurisdiction. The cases include that of house break, chain-snatching and loot. Another case of house break was reported from Hasanganj area.Badri Prasad, a principal of an inter college, who was carrying Rs six lakh was looted by bike-borne youths on the busy stretch around 3.45 p.m. in front of Eram Intermediate College in C-Block area of Indiranagar. Prasad had come to Lucknow from Barabanki for some personal work and had withdrawn the money from a bank before he was looted. The police said a case against unknown persons had been registered under section 392 of IPC.Similarly, the case of car break and chain-snatching also took place during busy hours. The victim of chain-snatching, Aruna Gupta was in fact, also slapped by the miscreants, who were on a bike and fled the scene after striking her. Gupta stays in Sector 19 of Indiranagar and was attacked next to her house around 2.30 p.m. Gupta's husband retired as executive engineer from state power corporation.Meanwhile, two cases of house break were also reported on Monday in Sarvodaya Nagar area of Ghazipur and Chandganj area of Hasanganj.Unknown persons broke the front window of a car parked near a sweetmeat shop in Bhoothnath area around 6.00 p.m. on Sunday and ran away with a handbag and briefcase kept on the rear seat of the car.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17107525", "title": "Cable crisis may spark market churn", "text": "KOLKATA: Multi-service operators SitiCable and GTPL-KCBPL are hiking the digitization target by 3.5-4 lakh subscribers, anticipating a switchover by cablemen under the DigiCable and Manthan fold. Of the MSO quartet that controls 80% of the cable TV business, the former duo has been able to continually seed boxes while the latter is awaiting shipments.\"Cable operators with DigiCable and Manthan are under pressure from subscribers as they can't view some popular entertainment and news channels. Broadcasters had switched off feed to several channels after the digitization deadline lapsed on October 31. The only reason operators are holding back is because each of them has advanced Rs 6-10 lakh to the MSO for set-top boxes and fear the money could be forfeited if they make the switch,\" said Swapan Chowdhury, a key member of a platform that cable operators had set up to act as a pressure group that has a representative voice in the industry.DigiCable and Manthan, which together have nearly 14 lakh subscribers but have been able to provide only 5 lakh set-top boxes, admit that they have been caught off guard. The delay in placing the order cost them dear as Chinese, American and Taiwanese manufacturers were suddenly swarmed with demand from Indian MSOs. Officials of both companies assure that the consignment is on the way. But some operators, who have been waiting for the delivery since June, are running out of patience.\"It is difficult to convince a customer to have patience and forgo some channels that he wants to watch when his relatives in other parts of the city have been handed the boxes without any major delay,\" pointed out another operator Somnath Gupta.In the past five days after the expiry of deadline, SitiCable operators have fixed nearly 1 lakh boxes in homes while GTPL-KCBPL has seeded 22,300 boxes.The delay in order had been due to two issues. First, operators initially under-reported subscriber numbers, leading to revision in the set-top box order that delayed delivery. Second, some did not take the digitization deadline seriously as it had lapsed without being implemented several times since the first initiative in 2003. Though hopes rose temporarily in 2006 when a section of the city went digital after phase-I of the conditional access system was rolled out, there has been no real impetus till earlier this year.Following the rumblings in the market, SitiCable has hiked its projection from 9.5 lakh subscribers to 11 lakh. GTPL-KCBPL has similarly increased its set-top box requirement by 2 lakh subscribers. \"We spot an opportunity and are gearing up for supplying more set-top boxes than originally planned,\" said SitiCable Kolkata chief executive Suresh Sethia. GTPL-KCBPL managing director Vijay Agarwal, too, said more boxes had been requisitioned for Kolkata from Gujarat and Mumbai.Industry trackers realize that if digitization has to be effectively completed in the next couple of years, all four players have to get on board. Both DigiCable and Manthan claim they will begin seeding boxes as soon as the shipments arrive later this week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17109113", "title": "Arrest Marandi for hospital ruckus: BJP", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The district unit of the BJP on Monday demonstrated outside Sakchi police station demanding the arrest of JVM (Prajatantrik) president, Babulal Marandi and his party MP, Dr Ajay Kumar for allegedly violating silence zone norms and playing the loud speaker in the government run MGM Hospital on Sunday.The BJP activists' demonstration has come in the backdrop of the police complaint lodged by the hospital superintendent Dr S S Prasad for playing the loud speaker, in violation of the silence zone norms, in the hospital without seeking prior approval from the hospital administration.BJP Mahanagar president, Raj Kumar Shrivastava, said, \"We want the police to lodge complaint against Babulal Marandi and Dr Ajay Kumar for violating the silence zone norms in the hospital and arrest them.\" The two leaders are involved in obstructing government work and need to be punished, he said.The trumpet and loud speakers were playing at a high decibel during the inauguration function of a community shed built in the hospital campus for the patients, attendees and visitors under MP local area development fund.The shed, of Rs 1.20 lakh, was inaugurated by the former chief minister Marandi on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17108588", "title": "Tiwary to lead Bengal in Ranji match against Punjab", "text": "KOLKATA: India batsman Manoj Tiwary will lead Bengal's 15-member squad against Punjab in their Ranji Trophy match to be held from November 9 to 12 at Mohali.In Group A, Bengal collected three points against Rajasthan after their opening match ended in a draw at Eden Gardens here today.Bengal Squad: Manoj Tiwary (Capt.), Gitimoy Bose, Debabrata Das , Jayojit Basu, Writam Porel, Anustup Majumder, Wriddhiman Saha, Laxmi Ratan Shukla, Iresh Saxena, Ashok Kr Dinda, Sourav Sarkar , Arnab Nandy, Veer Pratap Singh, Subhomoy Das, Aritra Chatterjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "colombo", "code": "17108546", "title": "New ODI rules bowlers' nightmare: Jayawardene", "text": "COLOMBO: Sri Lankan captain Mahela Jayawardene on Monday said that the new ODI rules which came into force in the ongoing Sri Lanka-New Zealand series were a bowlers' nightmare.He was addressing reporters in Kandy ahead of Tuesday's third ODI against the Kiwis.\"The rule which makes mandatory for five fielders inside the circle has brought in added pressure on bowlers,\" Jayawardene said.He said that sides need to be stronger in batting as in a chase they would have to be on pursuit of bigger targets.\"It is difficult for the bowlers to do well. They come under added pressure as boundaries would be easy to come by with just four fielders permitted outside in the non power play overs,\" Jayawardene said.The ICC made changes in the existing rules, including those in ODI cricket, which came into force in the current Sri Lanka-New Zealand series.Jayawardene said Sri Lanka need to adjust to the new rules.The team had experimented a few plans to suit the new rules in the second ODI yesterday which Sri Lanka won to take a 1-0 lead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17107415", "title": "Minor raped, 21-yr-old held", "text": "MUMBAI: A college student, Anand Nagappa Domni (21), who allegedly raped a 15-year-old schoolgirl on Sunday, promising to marry her later, was arrested by Vikhroli cops on Monday.The victim has been sent to Rajawadi Hospital in Ghatkopar for a medical exam. Cops said that the victim, a Std X student, knew the accused. On Sunday afternoon, the victim was playing outside her house when the accused called the minor to his house and raped her. The incident came to light after the victim told her aunt about what had happened, following which a rape complaint was lodged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "17108358", "title": "PIL filed against dengue menace", "text": "GHAZIABAD: A Ghaziabad resident has moved the Allahabad high court in a petition highlighting the deplorable preparations of the government to tackle dengue. The petitioner has mentioned in his Public Interest Litigation (PIL) that every year hundreds of dengue cases are reported from various districts of Uttar Pradesh, but health officers do not report actual numbers to bring down the graph.The petitioner, Gaurav Kumar, added that in 2007, the Union ministry of health and family welfare had introduced a policy regarding vector-borne diseases, but so far it has not been properly implemented. \"The numbers of cases are higher than what is reported as the health department is busy controlling the disease graph instead of dengue,\" alleged the petitioner, whose two family members have suffered from dengue.\"This PIL has been filed on behalf of the state residents who get nothing but false promises and assurances of a better future and hygienic conditions by the civic agencies and the state government, that too only during election campaigns,\" the petitioner added.Considering the large number of dengue cases, there seems to be a huge gap in coordination between officials of the health ministry, directorate of health services and municipal authorities. There is need to constitute an independent committee to monitor implementation of the action plan of the directorate of National Vector Borne Disease Control Programme,\" said a Ghaziabad resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "17109020", "title": "Garhwa civic body on a cleaning spree before fest", "text": "GARHWA: Garhwa civic body has launched a sanitation drive of Chhath Ghats in the Danro river, on a war footing. The civic body chairperson Anita Dutt kicked off the sanitation drive by sweeping the ghat with a broom at the Danro river.Anita said, \"Ghats are being cleaned up much ahead of the festival so that devotees do not face any trouble.\" As many as 50 sweepers and an earth mover have been put into service for the sanitation drive. All the 16 ghats will be spruced up. Proper lighting arrangements will also be made at various Chhath ghats, said the chairperson.She also said the civic body will add glamour to Garhwa with lights during Diwali and has plans to keep the town glittering all through the season of festivals comprising Chhath and Diwali.For this, several mini high mast lights and vapor lights will be installed at various places of the town and various Chhath ghats.The sanitation drive will include, besides the Chhath ghats at Danro and Saraswatiya rivers, ponds and other water bodies of the town, Anita added.She also said, \"This apart, various localities and roads will be cleaned up by the civic body in association with the Chhath committee members.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17107969", "title": "National Investment Board's powers to be diluted in face of green ministry's resistance", "text": "NEW DELHI: The proposed National Investment Board (NIB) is to be reworked by the finance ministry, and it could be remodeled along the lines of cabinet committee on infrastructure.Initially, NIB was conceptualized as a powerful agency \u00e2\u20ac\u201d to be run out of the finance ministry \u00e2\u20ac\u201d with over-arching powers to exercise authority over other ministries in seeking fast-track clearance for projects worth over Rs 1,000 crore.The decision to go in for a modified version comes after the PMO heard the difference of opinions between finance ministry and others, such as the environment ministry, over the original proposal.The original proposal had sought altering the transaction of business rules of the government and creating a new power centre with a few ministers, whose rulings on clearances would be binding on all other ministries. NIB was vested with sweeping powers to not only fast-track clearances that had been rejected earlier but also alter rules and regulations to ease norms for other large projects.Peeved over the finance ministry's muscle flexing, the environment and tribal affairs ministries had strongly criticized the move. Environment minister Jayanthi Natarajan had written to the PM, opposing the proposal to fashion an NIB that could countermand decisions of legally mandated expert panels as well as sit on judgment on 'failings' of other regulatory ministries.The resistance prompted the PMO to call a meeting of secretaries of relevant ministries where the differences remained unresolved, with others too joining in the green ministry raising concerns about Centre-state relations. Concerns were also raised about radically altering the decision-making powers enshrined in the existing transaction of business rules of the government.The environment ministry had raised concerns about the haste with which the NIB proposal was propelled by the finance ministry, and tribal affairs minister had also warned of running roughshod over laws that protect tribal rights.The department of economic affairs in the finance ministry is likely to circulate a fresh note on NIB's new avtaar to other ministries for usual consultations once it makes the changes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17108524", "title": "Serve notice on Dimple Yadav, or paste it outside her home: HC to dist judge", "text": "ALLAHABAD: After allegations that officials are scared of serving a legal document to Dimple Yadav, the wife of Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav , the Allahabad high court on Monday asked the Etah District Judge to serve notice of the election petition on Dimple Yadav, or in her absence, paste it at her home.The order was passed by Justice D P Singh on an election petition filed by Prabhat Pandey, who had alleged that he was restrained from filing nomination paper against Dimple Yadav in Kannauj parliamentary election. In the election petition, it has been alleged that no one, including the petitioner, were permitted to file nomination for Kannuj parliamentary by-election held this year.It was also alleged that the petitioner was forcibly stopped by the workers of the Samajwadi Party (SP) because of which he could not file his nomination.Earlier, a notice was issued to Dimple Yadav on the petition but the same was not served to her. Therefore, the court directed the Etah District Judge to serve the notice to her and in her absence, to get it pasted at her house.The court fixed November 22 for further hearing on the petition.The notice from court asked Dimple Yadav, who is 35-years-old, to respond to the allegations that she was unfairly elected to the Lok Sabha in June this year from Kannauj, a constituency represented by her husband till he became Uttar Pradesh's chief minister and moved to the UP Assembly.Pandey, who filed the petition, claimed he wanted to stand against Dimple Yadav but was stopped by SP workers from filing his nomination papers to ensure safe passage for her to Parliament.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17107887", "title": "Bryan twins crash to shock loss", "text": "LONDON: Three-time champions of the season-ending champions -- Americans Bob and Mike Bryan -- suffered a shock loss to the feisty Spanish combine of Marcel Granollers and Marc Lopez, falling 5-7, 7-5, 9-11 in 1 hour and 38-minutes in a Group A clash of the Barclays ATP World Tour Finals at The O2 Arena.Monday's result turns predictions on its head in a four-team group that includes the world no.3 pair of Leander Paes of India and Czech Radek Stepanek and Pakistan's Aisam-Ul-Haq Qureshi and Dutchman Jean Julien Rojer. The two teams will clash in a night match on Tuesday.The Bryans, who've prevailed over Lopez and Granollers in all their three previous meetings in 2012, twice on clay in the Davis Cup semifinals and the Monte Carlo Masters, were up against a team, who simply refused quit in a clash that was about spirit rather than skill.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "dubai/chennai", "code": "17109310", "title": "Series of explosions rock Bahrain capital, Indian among 2 killed", "text": "DUBAI/CHENNAI: An Indian was killed and another injured as five explosions rocked parts of Bahrain's capital Manama on Monday. The blasts also claimed another life as the country grapples with growing political unrest.The blasts, including one near the Indian embassy, took place between 4.30 am and 9.30 am in the upmarket Qudaibiya and Adliya districts of Manama.India's ambassador to Bahrain Mohan Kumar confirmed that one of the victims was an Indian, who died when he accidentally stepped on an explosive device. The man was identified as Murugayyan, 29, a native of Trichy in central Tamil Nadu, and a driver by profession. He was employed as a driver with the owner of a restaurant named Acacia Gallery.Another Indian, a municipal collector, was also injured during one of the explosions, which were believed to have been caused by \"locally made bombs\".Indians constitute the largest of the expatriate workforce in Bahrain. Out of 517,000 expatriates, nearly 290,000 are Indian nationals.\"At five different locations, home-made IEDs went off in Bahrain this morning,\" Kumar said.Bahrain has been in the grip of political and ethnic unrest, ever since protests started in February 2011 by groups demanding greater democracy and more representation to the majority Shia community in the Sunni-ruled country.The ambassador said Murugayyan and his brother were walking down the road when he accidentally stepped on to one of these devices. Murugayyan, who is survived by his wife and two children, was expected to make a trip back home shortly.\"Another Indian, who was working as municipal collector touched a similar device in the course of duty and his palms are badly damaged,\" the ambassador said. \"We have also expressed hope and confidence that all Indians in Bahrain will be provided security,\" Kumar said.Reports said the second man who died was a Bangladeshi, though there was no official confirmation.Bahrain's Prime Minister Prince Khalifa bin Salman Al Khalifa condemned the blasts and said the culprits who perpetuated these \"heinous crimes\" will not be allowed to escape justice, according to Bahrain News Agency. The Prime Minister directed security officials to intensify search and investigation operations.At least 60 people, including several police officers, have been killed, since mass demonstrations began at the peak of the Arab Spring. Opposition activists have alleged widespread abuse and repression. Last week, the interior ministry announced a ban on all rallies and public gatherings in the country, further exacerbating the discontent.Despite a 21-month-old uprising, attacks on the public have been rare on the Gulf island, where the Sunni Muslim Al Khalifa dynasty rules over a majority Shi'ite population.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17108604", "title": "Soon, medical camps for sanitation workers", "text": "PUNE: Member of National Commission for Safai Karmacharis Shyoraj Jivan on Monday said civic bodies and municipal councils in Pune district have been asked to conduct medical check-up camps for sanitation workers every three months.Jivan said steps were being initiated to fill about 750 vacant posts of sanitation workers in Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad municipal corporations.Jivan was speaking to media persons after conducting a review meeting with the officials of PMC, PCMC and the district administration regarding issues of sanitation workers.\"We are giving top priority to provide medical help and assistance to sanitation workers and their families by arranging medical camps at regular intervals. We will conduct basic health check-ups and tests of workers at the camps and guide them on good hygiene. The doctors and medical representatives will provide guidance to workers, if needed,\" said Jivan.Jinvan pointed out that the long-pending issues of houses and increments of sanitation workers are being resolved. He said about 181 sanitation workers in PMC will be given possession of homes by December. A list of beneficiaries has been prepared, while the officials have been asked to speed up administrative procedures for handing over the houses.Jivan said there was a proposal to appoint some workers to the posts of clerks. He said strict instructions were issued to officials concerned to initiate procedures to fill the vacant posts. The municipal corporations were asked to provide good facilities in the residential colonies of sanitation workers.Jivan said a meeting was conducted with chief minister Prithviraj Chavan to discuss the problems faced by sanitation workers. The CM has promised to look into the issues.According to the administration, there are about 10,000 sanitation workers under the PMC, PCMC and municipal councils in the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17109608", "title": "Drive fails to yield results", "text": "JAIPUR: It seems that the much-hyped campaign of 'Shudh Ke Liye Yudh' by the medical and health department is not giving the desired results. Though the officials of the medical and health department have begun collecting samples from various sweet shops, ration shops and ghee manufacturing units, the problem with the campaign is that it will take a fortnight to get the sample results and the festival of Diwali will be over by then.On Monday the team found adulterated mawa and later destroyed it, but the campaign so far has proved to be a futile exercise.\"We cannot do much about it before the reports come. Only the reports will confirm if there is an adulteration and if so then up to what extent. We can only take necessary action till then. But the good news is that we have been able to expose several factories involved in making adulterated ghee,\" said a senior officer of the medical and health department.O P Thankan, chief medical and health officer Jaipur 1 said, \"In this procedure our job is to collect samples and send them to the lab. Since January 2012 we have sent at least 400 samples to the lab out of which in many cases we received negative reports while many reports are still awaited.\"Officials added that they will present challans against the defaulters in court even after Diwali once they get the reports confirming adulteration in the products.Saras mawa out in the market nowRajasthan Cooperative Dairy Federation (RCDF) on Monday added mawa to its bouquet of products under the brand name of Saras. RCDF had to enter the mawa market after adulterated mawa was found in the market.The products will be available in 500 gram, 1 kg and 5 kg. The price has been fixed at Rs. 200 per kg. Apart from main Saras parlour at JLN Marg, 50 other outlets have been selected where mawa will be available. Along with the launch of Saras mawa, RCDF has also removed the cap of 5 kg limit for free home delivery.Now the facility will be available on placing an order of even 1 kg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17111092", "title": "Happy days for Utthara Unni", "text": "Debutant actress Utthara Unni, daughter of actress Urmila Unni, is thrilled that her much-delayed debut, 'Vavval Pasanga', is finally released and earning a positive response from the audience. Though her debut had a delayed release, the actress went on to bag two more films in the meanwhile \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a Tamil and a Malayalam film each.  Says Utthara, \"Director A Venkatesh's Enaku Vaytha Nanbargal Ippadi will have me play a character which is quite a contrast to the village belle I play in my debut,\" says Utthara, adding, \"Besides, director Lenin Rajendran's Edavapathy , the shoot of which is on, has given me a challenging role to portray at such a nascent stage in my career. The film will have me in a double role \u00e2\u20ac\u201d as a modern-day youngster who falls in love with a Buddhist monk and relates herself to the historical character Vasavadatta. I'm happy with the kind of roles I get to play.\" Edavapthy , also starring Manisha Koirala , will resume shooting its next schedule soon, informs Utthara.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "attari", "code": "17108860", "title": "Sukhbir Badal leaves for Pak to talk trade", "text": "ATTARI: A 45-member delegation, led by deputy chief minister Sukhbir Badal, left for Pakistan on Monday to discuss trade with the neighbouring country.The deputy chief minister will inaugurate the Punjab international sports festival at Lahore on November 7, besides holding discussions with captains of trade and industry and deliberate on possibilities of increasing trade through the Attari land border with Pakistan Punjab's chief minister.Before crossing over to Pakistan, Sukhbir told mediapersons that he was confident that by December-end both the countries would start trading of 6,000 items through Attari border. The delegation, including five cabinet ministers, will explore ways for taking bilateral trade to the next level besides strengthening the bond between both the Punjabs.The team would also discuss the key issue of opening of Hussainiwala border and Kartarpur corridor as people of Punjab would love to pay their obeisance at Gurdwara Kartarpur Sahib, Sukhbir said.On Shiv Sena's warning against allowing the Pakistan cricket team to play in India, the deputy CM said it was that party's view. Sukhbir said he was not in a position to comment on Pakistan government's U-turn on naming of Shadman Chowk as Bhagat Singh Chowk after initially announcing the same. He said he would take up the issue of opening of visa centres at Amritsar and Lahore.Punjab chief secretary Rakesh Singh had taken up the issue with appropriate authorities and he was quite hopeful that Amritsar and Lahore would soon have visa centres to facilitate the people. He said the people of Pakistan, who were visiting India for medical facilities, were compelled to go to Delhi for their treatment and he would take up this matter so that those people could avail the world class health facilities at Amritsar.About smuggling of narcotics from across the border, he reiterated that safety of borders was not in the jurisdiction of state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17107538", "title": "Most private taxis run without permits", "text": "NEW DELHI: The \"private\" taxi available at your local stand runs in breach of rules. It is not recognized by the transport department, but that has not deterred operators. Transport department sources say 5,000-10,000 such taxis run in the city while there are only around 6,000 taxis \u00e2\u20ac\u201d including radio cabs \u00e2\u20ac\u201d with valid commercial permits.A senior government official said, \"There is no category of permits for cars running commercially with private numberplates. These are simply operating illegally.\" Under commercial permit regulations, a vehicle being run commercially must have yellow numberplates, just like the yellow-top taxis. The private car operators, however, hire out vehicles \u00e2\u20ac\u201d from Wagon Rs to Innovas and even Mercedes sedans \u00e2\u20ac\u201d that have private registration certificates and are driven by cabbies with private driving licences. Charging for at least eight hours or 80km, these vehicles are available at most local taxi stands, often operated by the stand owner or individual owners willing to hire out their vehicles.Suraj Vaid, a union leader and taxi owner, said, \"Almost without exception, these private taxis don't have a valid permit. The customer is asked to tell cops at checkpoints that the driver is a private hire.\" Vaid said the number of private taxis has been going up. \"Not many people opt for yellow-top taxis as going by the meter is usually more expensive,\" he said, adding, autorickshaws and the Metro have also hurt demand for cabs.Kishan Verma, who operates a yellow-top taxi, said, \"The flat rate is Rs 800-1,000 for eight hours or 80km, with an option to hire the car for half a day as well. It's profitable for the taxi stand owner, who gets a cut, as well as the driver, who may own the vehicle.\" Satnam Singh (name changed), a taxi stand owner in Greater Kailash-I, also said, \"We have all types of cars. People prefer cheaper private vehicles. But as hiring these is not legal, we have to be very careful.\"Private taxis are more profitable as traffic police do not stop them unless they are violating rules, and during prosecution the driver's non-commercial licence comes in handy. The transport department claims it \"regularly\" prosecutes vehicles found plying commercially without a valid permit. However, officials don't have figures to back up the claim. A senior official said, \"We usually act if complaints come in...there are not enough personnel in our enforcement team to carry out drives against these illegal private taxis\".Delhi Traffic Police also claim they regularly check private operators. \"If the vehicles parked at a stand don't match the list of vehicles submitted to us by the owner, we impound them. We also impose a penalty of Rs 2,000 per car. We have issued challans to owners who use private cars as taxis,'' said Satyendra Garg, joint CP (traffic).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17109502", "title": "Same story at Dhimbam Ghat: Truck breaks down, holds up traffic for 12 hours", "text": "COIMBATORE: It's an ordeal to travel through the Dhimbam ghat section of the Dindigul-Coimbatore-Mysore National Highway. Trucks carrying loads beyond permissible limits often develop technical snags while passing through the 27 hairpin bends on this stretch, paralyzing traffic.On Sunday, traffic was disrupted for 12 hours after a truck turned turtle near 25th hairpin bend on Dhimbam ghat. Scores of buses, cars and other vehicles bound for Mysore, Gundlepet and Nanjangod in Karnataka and Erode, Tirupur and Coimbatore in Tamil Nadu were stranded between Pulinjur and Bannari. Hundreds of passengers, including women and children, had to wait on road that passes through thick forest without food and water for several hours, until the truck was unloaded and repaired. Since the accident happened on the ghat, vehicles could not be diverted through Kolleigal-Mettur route.\"It was in fact a real ordeal. The Thrissur-bound Karnataka state bus in which I was traveling was stranded as soon as it crossed Dhimbam PWD rest house. It took more than 12 hours to resume the journey,\" said K Sudhakaran, a resident of Kalveeranpalayam.In the past one month, 13 such breakdowns had taken place on the ghat section, according to residents living close to Bannari Amman Temple downhill. Local residents blame rampant corruption at the Tamil Nadu check-post in Bannari and the Karnataka check-post in Pulinjur for the mess on the road.\"A normal truck can carry a maximum of four tonne of goods and those with six tyres can carry up to six tonnes. However, trucks passing through Dhimbam carry 10 to 15 tonnes, which result in breakdowns. Officials at the check-posts accept bribes ranging from Rs 150 to Rs 500 and allow overloaded trucks to move through the ghat section,'' alleged K Perumal, a driver from Namakkal.A few truck drivers contacted by TOI also acknowledged the corruption at check-posts. However, they justified giving of bribe saying the diesel price hike had forced them to do so. \"The lorry operation business is now making huge losses due to flawed government policies. We are forced to carry goods in excess and skip checks at Bannari and Pulijoor by offering bribes,'' claimed a driver from Sathyamangalam.\"It is manageable if a vehicle gets stranded on the ghat during day. But at nights, people face hell,'' said V Murali, who runs an NGO in Sathyamangalam. Local residents demand immediate steps from the government to curb corruption at check-posts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17108013", "title": "HC takes up plea on review of BRT verdict", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Monday began hearing a plea seeking review of its verdict on the BRT corridor. The court asked the Delhi government to respond to the plea for review of its judgment which had dismissed the petition for scrapping the corridor.The review petition said the court had rejected the plea without dealing with the aspect that the 5.8-km road stretch between Ambedkar Nagar and Moolchand was against the Master Plan Delhi (MPD) 2021. A bench of Justices Padeep Nandrajog and Manmohan Singh asked the transport department to respond in respect to the width of the road from Ambedkar Nagar to Moolchand by November 21. But the court reminded the petitioner NGO Nyaya Bhoomi that \"this ground that BRT violates MPD 2021 was not there in their writ petition\". HC had on October 18 held that the BRT project was not an 'irrational decision' of the government and had dismissed the plea to scrap it after a nine-month-long hearing.The review petition has also relied on HC's observation that the row over the BRT erupted because the Delhi government had chosen one of the 'narrowest' and most 'congested' stretches for its pilot project. \"MPD 2021 is a statutory plan and has the force of law. As per the master plan, BRT cannot exist on a road less than 45 metres in width,\" the plea argues. NGO president B B Sharan says, \"BRT is conceived on the road segment where the total width is 45m and above. However, this court has inadvertently computed 45 metres equal to 100 feet, whereas 45 metres come to about 150 feet....\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17107637", "title": "Five of Nashik gang face charges under Maharashtra Control of Organized Crime Act", "text": "NASHIK: The city police have slapped the Maharashtra Control of Organized Crime Act (MCOCA) on five criminals affiliated to the notorious Tipper gang.Commissioner of police Kulwant Kumar Sarangal on Monday sanctioned the proposal of applying section 23 of the MCOCA Act to five of the gang's members operating in the city, namely,The five criminals are Rahul Ganesh Wagh, Nitin Kale alias Khichadya, Sameer Pathan, Sunil Anarthe and Nagesh Sonawane. The five are residents of Uttam Nagar and the Raj Ratna Nagar area of Cidco.The Tipper gang has wreaked havoc in and around the city for the past several years, indulging in crimes like chain-snatching, house break-ins, robberies and other such law-breaking activity.Sarangal said that the criminals were also involved in an incident of daylight robbery at a builder's office on September 27 during which the gang managed to decamp with over Rs one crore but were arrested within a week's time.According to senior police officials, the gang of five has also executed a number of property offences, and individually, too, each one of them has a minimum of 20 cases lodged against them.Apart from property offences, the accused have also been booked on several occasions for body offences.Officials said that to invoke the stringent MCOCA Act against an accused, s/he should have at least two cases registered against them in 10 years with each carrying an imprisonment of three years each.Since both the clauses were applicable to the five accused, their case was put before the commissioner of police, who is of the rank of deputy inspector general, and is therefore empowered to sanction the proposal under Section 23 of MCOCA.Police officials said that with MCOCA applied to the gang, they would be behind bars for a longer term, which should also significantly bring down the crime rate in the city.Further, they also said that the gang members earn huge amounts from chain- snatchings, robberies and break-ins, and the booty acquired through such criminal activity has only lured younger criminals to join the gang.This has resulted in more youth getting attracted to the lavish lifestyles of these gang members and later joining them.Cops added that there have been instances when they have found school children assisting senior gang members to inform them if they are being followed by the cops, following which it has become a challenge for the city police to eliminate the gang's presence completely from the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17109177", "title": "MTC plans to barter ad space for cleaning buses", "text": "CHENNAI: In a bid to keep buses clean, the Metropolitan Transport Corporation (MTC) is planning to give advertisement space exclusively to cleaning contractors, with the logic that keeping the vehicles clean would be in their interest too.About 2,000 of the MTC's 3,400 buses have been maintained by companies which advertise on the buses since December last year, but the advertisement space was open for all to bid. Now on, only those who take up the cleaning assignment would be allowed to advertise. Still they will have to pay the market rate for the space, while they will get paid for the cleaning.The corporation feels many of the daily contract labourers employed now for cleaning have not been accountable. \"The norm is to have 7.5 people per bus, including drivers, conductors and other maintenance staff, but the corporation has only a ratio of 6.5 per bus,\" said State Transport Employee Union president M Chandran.Advertisements are allowed on the rear side panel board, behind the driver, on the passenger view glass and the space between the rooftop and the windows along the bus.\"The company that wins the bid will have to take care of the daily maintenance of the bus. When the advertiser is also in charge of cleaning, it is in his interest to keep the bus - and the ad - clean,\" said an MTC official. \"There are a lot of people who are vying for ad space on buses,\"The corporation got around Rs 50 lakh from 2,000 buses in the last contract. \"This year, the rates could up. Revenue is only secondary. The main aim is to have clean buses,\" the officer said.As of now, the corporation pays Rs 18 per bus per cleaner every day. \"The branch manager for each depot pays from his local accounts. But it is a daily struggle to source these cleaners,\" said an official. \"With the entire responsibility transferred to a private agency, the conditions of our buses would get better,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17107891", "title": "Maharashtra, Chhattisgarh should team up to save wild buffaloes: Experts", "text": "NAGPUR: At a time when wild buffaloes, an endangered mammal species, are facing extinction, the state forest department has joined hands with leading NGOs to keep hopes alive to save the last remaining population.At a three-day workshop on 'Action planning for conservation of wild buffaloes in Central India' in the city on Monday, SWH Naqvi, principal chief conservator of forests (wildlife), Maharashtra, was candid in admitting that till now no special measures were taken for conservation of wild buffaloes. \"Any conservation efforts need to involve Maharashtra as Gadchiroli has transient population of wild buffaloes, which is said to be genetically pure,\" said Naqvi. The event was inaugurated by head of forest force (HoFF) AK Joshi.Wild buffaloes, the third biggest mammal on land only after elephants and rhinos, cannot be saved in isolation. There should be no politics on the issue like in the case of Gujarat, which is not ready to give its lions to Madhya Pradesh in larger interest, felt experts.The global wild buffalo population is estimated to be around 3,400 of which 3,100 (91%) is in India - mostly in Assam. Few numbers are reported in Udanti-Sitanadi in Chhattisgarh and Kolamarka in Maharashtra.While Maharashtra is yet to take any concrete steps to save the mammals, Chhattisgarh is going it alone by taking up in-situ conservation. It also plans to clone wild buffaloes with the help of National Dairy Research Institute (NDRI), Karnal (Haryana). Experts feel both the states need to join hands on the issue.This is for the first time that state's wildlife wing brought together the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN), Asian Wild Cattle Specialist Group (AWCSG), Satpuda Foundation and Wildlife Trust of India (WTI) and wildlife managers to discuss, design and implement an action plan for conservation of wild buffaloes in Central India.\"A document will be prepared at the end of the workshop to build strategies,\" said Naqvi.The challenge to save wild buffaloes is unique. MK Ranjitsinh, chairman of WTI and one of the partners of the workshop, listed out his priorities stressing need to involve locals to save the animal, which is considered to be most economically important.The WTI chief, who encouraged the state to organize the workshop, called for a road map by focusing on in-situ and ex-situ conservation measures. \"We need to set up a cell within the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) to deal with critically endangered species,\" said Ranjitsinh. MoEF representative SK Khanduri was also present.Ranjitsinh also suggested setting up a wild buffalo breeding centre in Assam. \"The Centre for Cellular and Molecular Biology (CCMB), India's premier biotechnology laboratory, should identify purity of this population,\" he said, adding, \"We need to protect pure form of buffaloes for which a joint breeding programme is also needed.\"\"It is too late but we should not lose hope. Instead of paper work it is time to see some action on the ground to achieve success,\" said Kishor Rithe, one of the workshop partners. James Burton , chair, IUCN SSC Asian Wild Cattle Specialist Group, also guided the delegates.The state forest officials are optimistic about the outcome of the workshop. \"When rhinos can be saved from a small number of population, why can't wild buffaloes be?\" asked HoFF Joshi. He revealed state government plans to declare Kolamarka in Gadchiroli a protected area to conserve wild buffaloes. Joshi also admitted that development pressures on the forest department have led to habitat destruction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17107537", "title": "'Tortured' homemaker kills self, in-laws held", "text": "KOLKATA: A 32-year-old homemaker was found hanging in her in-laws' house in Burtolla on Monday morning. Police have found a note on the victim in which she held her husband and in-laws responsible for her death. Cops have detained the victim's in-laws while her husband, a fruit trader in Burrabazar, is absconding.According to police, Meera Sonkar married Sahitya Parishad Street resident Sankar Sonkar in 2010. Her family alleged that soon after her marriage, Meera had realized that her husband was having an extramarital affair with his relative. When she protested, her in-laws allegedly started torturing her. Days ago, they even insulted and abused her in front of other relatives at a family programme.In a separate incident, another woman's body was found from a room on Imam Box Lane in Burtolla area on Monday morning. The woman has been identified as Maya Biswas, a sex worker. The 35-year-old woman hails from Ranaghat. For the past three months, she had been staying at the Sonagachhi red-light area with her cousin Mamoni, who is also a sex worker.On Monday morning, Mamoni spotted Maya lying dead on the floor. Apparently, no external marks of injury were found on her body but her face had bloodstains. Police suspect Maya was strangled by a youth with whom she was seen around 1.30pm on Monday. On the basis of a complaint lodged by Mamoni, police have registered a case of murder. Officers of the detective department's homicide section are probing the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17107490", "title": "Know Africa beyond the 'safari park'", "text": "KOLKATA: While European and Asian films have been traditionally celebrated at the Kolkata International Film Festival (KIFF), not much has been screened from Africa. Cinema of the dark continent has remained in the shadows, even though it has evolved through the decades and made its rightful place in the annals of world cinema. With \"Africa Calling\" as its focus, the 18th edition of the KIFF will showcase a string of films from across the continent that depict the agony and turmoil in the trouble-torn countries and its societies struggling to come to terms with post-colonial liberty.Fifteen African films from 11 countries will be screened at the KIFF. The countries include Mali, Chad , Senegal, Burkino Faso, South Africa, Cameroon, Congo, Ethiopia, Kenya, Mauritian and Morocco . A highlight will be a film by Senegalese legend Ousmane Sembene, often referred to as the Satyajit Ray of Africa. His film \"The Black Girl\" will be shown.\"Few African films have been shown in Kolkata. The fascinating thing about their films is that even though they are similar to Indian films, they vary from one part of the continent to another. While north African cinema is similar to French films due to the colonial connection, central African films are closer to Italian neo-realist cinema. South African films are straighter in narrative due to the British influence. But all of them are a fascinating account of life in Africa, away from the myths that cloud our vision of the continent,\" said Sanjoy Mukhopadhyay, film analyst and member of the KIFF committee.Apart from Sembene, films by other eminent directors like Abdarmane Sissako of Mauritiana, Idrissa Ouedraogo of Burkino Faso and Suleiman Cisse of Mali will feature in the section. Perhaps the most remarkable aspect of African films is the depiction of the continent's emergence from colonialism and its eternal struggle to ward off myths, superstitions and incompetent bourgeoisie rulers. \"The western world has projected a skewed image of Africa. We have been influenced by that prejudiced view. Africa never rose above the stature of a safari park. Being the least known continent, its cinema obviously turns out to be fascinating, since for us it's also a journey of discovery. Issues like racial victimization have been very sensitively portrayed in African movies,\" added Mukhopadhyay.The Kolkata audience should love African films, felt experts. Unlike European cinema, they rarely break away from the conventional form and follow a narrative. \"They are similar to the realistic Indian films that revolve around a story. They are often a touching and realistic account of life in Africa. Mostly, they deal with poverty, prejudice and the struggle to embrace a new order in the post-colonial era,\" said a film analyst.Mukhopadhyay felt Sembene's films were perhaps the best representative of African cinema. \"They revolve around the African people's struggle to ward off social prejudices and superstitions. This is what life in Africa is all about and it comes alive in their cinema. These films should dispel the notion that Africa is all about wild animals, safari parks, cannibal tribes and black magic,\" Mukhopadhyay said", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17108785", "title": "All-round harmony is needed for progress: Governor", "text": "PANAJI: Stating that religious fanaticism is the cause of violence and hatred, governor Bharat Vir Wanchoo has said that for a nation to attain progress in all spheres, all-round harmony has to be ensured.The governor was speaking at the first national conference on 'Inter-Religious Peace and Harmony' organized by the universal peace federation (UPF) of India, at the international centre Goa, Dona Paula, on Monday.The Inter-Religious Peace and Harmony Conference, which seeks to attain inter-religious peace and harmony through common religious principles, was attended by a number of eminent scientists, religious and spiritual figures such as Irfan A Engineer, chairman, centre for study of society and secularism, Acharya Srivatsa Goswami of the Sri Radharaman Mandal, Vrindavan and Umer Ahmed Ilyasi, chief Imam of all India imam organization of mosques and Eduardo Faleiro , who is the chairman of UPF, among others.He said that ignorance was causing sections of the society to disregard the view-points and ethos of other religions and hence had resulted in loss of blood in the past as well as present.\"We must understand that harmony is creative while disharmony is essentially destructive. If a nation desires to attain progress in the social, economic, political and scientific spheres, all round harmony has to be ensured, not only as a transitory phase, but as a permanent feature of life,\" the governor said.Wanchoo, stated that inter-religious peace was a widely-debated issue and had an impact on the peaceful and harmonious co-existence and progress of all nations. He further added that even though revolutionary scientific discoveries and technological developments made the relevance of religion questionable, religion still bore critical influence on current events. TNN", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17107602", "title": "Kolkata girl narrates her brush with Hurricane Sandy in New York", "text": "Ten days ago, a young woman, with a fraying trench coat and a well-devoured edition of The Economist , bundled under her scrawny shoulders, scurried through the bustling aisles of the Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose airport, excitedly clutching her ticket to ten days of numbered streets, graffiti-smothered walls and a holiday she would never forget.Little did she know at the time that the next two weeks (all thanks to cancelled flights and frenzied phone calls) would literally 'flood' her memories for days to come.New York is a city of shoes, Subways and Shake Shack (their burgers are, by far, the most convincing argument for the wonders from beef). Added to this list was my most recent experience of Sandy.I was living with a few friends in Manhattan when Sandy decided to hurl the city, that never sleeps, into a mesh of damp and darkness. Overnight, Times Square lost its glitz and Brooklyn lost its grit, if only for a few days. Schools were closed, the Subways shut down, power and hot water turned scarce, virtually swerving the daily lives of 19 million odd people to a screeching halt.In retrospect, however, the rather harrowing image I just painted of the debacle wasn't as hard on my friends and me. Though there were difficulties - loss of power and warm water drove us to points of utter confusion, luggage was lost, milk went bad, Halloween parties were called off and our immune systems threatened serious bouts of the common cold - yet I harbour fond memories. Memories of snuggling into blankets, snacking on cookies and guzzling on cheap wine, or freezing until our toes cringed on endless midnight walks around Times Square on our more adventurous days.Despite temperatures dipping to 40 degrees (that's scary \"monkey-cap-poro\" conditions for commonly hypochondriac Calcuttans), I remember hunting for sushi at incredulous hours in the night and soaking up heated opinions about the upcoming elections that came our way from professors at Yale and bus boys at Chevy's.I would have to say I have no regrets, hurricane Sandy et al. This time around, the city that screamed caffeine and whispered opinions showed me more than the Meat Packing District. With every free train ride that was offered to civilians and every evacuation centre offering hot meals and warm beds to the millions who found their apartments ransacked by the storm, I grasped a glimpse of the city's soul.Let's hear it for New York, everybody.(The writer is a student at St Xavier's College, Kolkata)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17108207", "title": "UP on a short communal fuse", "text": "What the demolition of the disputed structure at Ram Janmabhoomi could not do in 1992, stray rumours did in Faizabad 20 years later on October 24 this year. It was Dussehra day and the processions carrying Durga idols for immersion were passing through the city at their usual pace. Then suddenly rumours of a stone being thrown at idols spread like wildfire. Within hours, it singed the temple town, and Faizabad, known for religious tolerance and amity, was in the grip of a full-blown riot. One person was killed and property worth crores was gutted. A week down, the temple town is limping back to normal with curfew being relaxed, but people are stunned that the place, which remained peaceful even when the whole country burned after the Babri demolition, should break into riots now.And Faizabad is only the latest episode. Communal riots, unheard of during Maywati's five-year rule, have occurred in quick succession at Mathura, Pratapgarh, Bareilly and Ghaziabad too. Lucknow and Kanpur saw minor skirmishes as well. Since May, eight major cases were reported in UP in which at least 15 persons were killed. Clearly these are not stray incidents; instead they point to an alarming pattern of one communal clash after another, slowly spreading out across the state and making it vulnerable to the ugly politics of polarization.In Mathura violence broke out on June 2 following a dispute over using drinking water kept outside a place of worship in the Kasi Kalan area. Then, on June 24, there was large-scale arson in Pratapgarh after a Muslim boy allegedly raped and murdered a minor dalit girl. This was followed by another communal clash in the same district when one person was killed following a dispute over paying richshaw fare. Next month, on July 23, three persons were killed in Bareilly following a dispute over removal of loudspeakers from places of worship. On August 12 once again curfew was imposed in parts of Bareilly following fresh violence over a dispute during a religious procession. After that, Ghaziabad suddenly erupted. On September 16, at least 6 persons were killed in clashes following reports of a sacred book found desecrated.One thing stands out in all the cases. While there was always a trigger - be it a rumour or an act by some people - such large-scale violence along communal lines cannot be attributed to that immediate provocation alone. There are a whole host of factors combining to make a deadly communal cocktail and leading to a tinder-box situation where only a rumour is enough to start a blazing fire. Take the case of Faizabad. Both Hindus and Muslims there were apprehensive for months about what actually happened on Dussehra day.\"It started when the two communities came face to face over a place of worship in Mirzapur village of the district. The saffron brigade staged a series of protests accusing the district administration of favouring Muslims,\" says Dr Abdullah. A private medical practitioner in Faizabad, Dr Abdullah believes restlessness in the two communities had been palpable since the assembly elections. The general perception among Muslims is that the saffron brigade has been restless ever since it lost the Faizabad assembly seat to the Samajwadi Party (SP) in the 2012 assembly polls for the first time since 1991. \"With the 20{+t}{+h} anniversary of the Babri demolition barely two months away, the idea possibly was to polarize the two communities for political gains in the future,\" said a professor at Saket University in Faizabad.The theft of three ancient idols at Devkaali temple in Faizabad added to the communal polarization that had began after the Mirzapur mosque incident. Miscreants fled with ashtadhatu idols from the temple said to be the first place where Lord Rama was brought by his mother Kaushalya after his birth. \"There was growing resentment among the Hindus as they felt that administration was not doing enough to recover the stolen idols,\" says a local businessman. The missing idols and resulting resentment among Hindus offered a perfect harvest for some hardliners, says an observer. Tension between the two communities grew after reports that Yogi Adityanath - the firebrand BJP MP from Gorakhpur - reportedly held a series of meetings in Faizabad warning the authorities of serious repercussions if the police failed to recover the idols and arrest the accused soon. During Navratra, the idols were recovered, but this did little to ward off the Dussehra clashes as by then things had already soured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17108019", "title": "Congress secretary's 'kin' on run from cops reaches capital", "text": "NEW DELHI: Notorious conman Vijay Dwivedi has shifted base to the national capital.Days after bringing Mumbai Police to its knees with his capers targeting top Bollywood producers, he is now active here having secured bail.Dwivedi claims to be the son of AICC general secretary Janardhan Dwivedi and a relative of Manish Tiwari, a Union minister. Police say he fled to Delhi a few months ago. The Delhi Police crime branch is assisting Rohini police in their bid to nab the accused.The list of persons conned by the 30-year-old, who hails from Amethi, is impressive. It includes film star Govinda, television actor Shweta Tiwari, Ekta Kapoor of Balaji Films and Amrish Patel, State Congress leader.In the latest complaint received against him, Dwivedi duped a businessman to the tune of Rs 30 lakh. Complainant Vinay Pathak said Nathu Lal, a friend of his cousin Narinder Bhardwaj, introduced him to the conman. | \"Nathu Lal told us his fair price shop in Shakurpur had been reopened with Dwivedi's help. We told Nathu that another fair price shop -- belonging to Dhiraj Gupta -- has been closed for years and that we want to get it reopened. Dwivedi assured us that he had spoken to his uncle Janardhan Dwivedi who had apparently instructed the Commissioner of the Food and Supply Department to do the needful,\" the complainant stated in his FIR.According to the FIR, Dwivedi demanded Rs 6 lakh from the complainant for the job of which he took Rs 3 lakh in advance and requested a security deposit of Rs 5,000 which was to be paid in the name of the Commissioner, Food andSupply Department. \"He had taken Rs 1.5 lakh and it was agreed that the remaining Rs 1.5 lakh will be paid when the shop actually reopens. He also offered us employment in the DDA saying there were vacancies for clerks and peons under VIP quota. I proposed the names of my cousins and he demanded Rs 3 lakh per job. He even approached a female cousin saying he can get her a job in a college,\" the complainant said.Pathak was also made to cough up a sum of Rs 23.9 lakh for the dealership of a gas agency.\"Dwivedi also offered me a gas agency dealership within six months for which I paid him Rs 23.96 lakh. He had given me a fake DDA bill. Then he started avoiding us. After some time, he stopped taking our calls altogether,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17109870", "title": "6,000 govt doctors go on day-long protest", "text": "BANGALORE: Some 6,000 doctors and 65,000 paramedical staff with the health and family welfare department staged a day-long protest on Monday, demanding that the government fulfill the promises made to them in August.Attached to the Karnataka government medical officers' association (KGMOA ), the doctors are demanding a hike in their basic salary from Rs 10,000 to Rs 15,000 and merger of allowances with it. They are also seeking withdrawal of 10 district hospitals (Mandya, Shimoga, Hassan, Belgaum, Raichur, Bijapur, Kolar, Mangalore, Mysore and Bidar) from the medical education department.On August 14, the chief minister and ministers concerned promised to look into their demands. \"We have been waiting for the government's response. No decision has been taken on our demands, so we decided to protest for a day,\" said Dr H Raveendra, president, KGMOA.The protest, however, did not disrupt work in seven government hospitals in Bangalore, 23 district hospitals , 175 taluk hospitals and 2,200 public healthcare centres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17109869", "title": "College dropout chased, bludgeoned to death", "text": "BANGALORE: Late on Monday evening, a college dropout was allegedly bludgeoned to death, apparently with a blunt weapon, in front of Bethany School.Preliminary investigation revealed that Purushotham, 23, a resident of Rajendranagar slum in Adugodi, was attacked with clubs and hockey sticks by some rivals, following a dispute over collection of funds raised for the festival season. \"Three days ago, Purushotham had a tiff with the gang over collection of festival funds. But we are not sure who was behind the attack,\" said a police officer.Piecing together eyewitness accounts, police told TOI that Purushotham was chased by the group, whose members were of his age, through the slums of Adugodi and beaten to death around 7.30pm. \"We've asked Adugodi police to get inputs by questioning his parents and relatives as the area of his residence is under their limits,\" said DCP (Southeast) PS Harsha.Purushotham worked as a helper in a sweetmeat shop in Koramangala, after dropping out of pre-university some years ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17107804", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation attends to complaint on a holiday", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has often invited criticism from citizens due to the negligent and lethargic attitude of its officials and employees.However, if the developments that have taken place in the last couple of months are any indication, the civic body seems to be getting serious about issues pertaining to garbage and general cleanliness. In a rare case, civic officials attended a complaint regarding garbage from a common citizen in no time and that too on a Sunday.The common impression about the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) is not at all impressive among many of the citizens due to dilly dally tactics and negligence about civic services by many of the officials and staffers. Now there seems some change for the last couple of months. The NMC is taking the issue of cleanliness very seriously to keep the city clean and also to prevent from spread of diseases thus receiving applause from the citizens. In a rare incident, the complaint from a common citizen about garbage and filth was attended in no time that too on Sunday bringing cheers among all from the locality.It has become routine for newspaper offices to receive calls from citizens complaining about the NMC but Dr Prashant Rathi, a resident of Sai Regency in Ravi Nagar, was an exception.Dr Rathi called up the TOI office to heap praises on a team from NMC for its efforts. \"Our building has 44 flats. We were fed up with the filth on the backside of the building. As the place had become a breeding ground for mosquitoes, we constantly feared the spread of viral diseases. We tried our best to get the place cleaned up but in vain. On Saturday I went to the NMC head office where I was told to meet the medical officer (vector-borne diseases) Dr Ashok Urkude. I explained to him the nature of the problem and requested him to pay attention,\" he said.According to the residents of the locality, a team of NMC visited the building at 7.30am on Sunday. \"We were shocked to see the workers cleaning the area. The team also sprinkled bleaching powder and sprayed the entire premises. The team also went to each and every flat and sought permission to check the water coolers. They cleaned the coolers and also put some liquid in the water. We praised the team for its quick response,\" they said.Despite facing opposition, the NMC's health department has taken up issues like cleanliness at cattle-sheds seriously. The drive to sprinkle bleaching powder at 1,051 cattle-sheds was undertaken a couple of months ago. Besides, the number of vehicles to pick up garbage has gone up. Even, the bleaching powder has been sprinkled at garbage dump sites. Spraying has been undertaken at the water-logging sites for the last one month. Municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane is inspecting localities and zone-wise wards almost every day.Urkude told TOI that the inspection of around 1.01 lakh houses was done in the last 15 days. \"The city has not witnessed the spread of any vector-borne diseases this year due to all these preventive measures. Action against owners of dogs seen defecating in public has also been undertaken. Fogging has also started in wards. All these steps will ensure prevention and spread of diseases,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17110996", "title": "Swati's chikki tales", "text": "Swathi Reddy, who is in Kerala for the shoot of her Mollywood debut, is enjoying her days in God's Own Country. She will be seen in Lijo Jose's 'Amen' as a typical Christian girl, dressed up in chatta and mundu.Though she is yet to master the language, she is hooked on to a word, which she says is her favourite. \"Here, after every meal, they give us chikki and it's called kappalandi mittai. That's the first Malayalam word that I learnt after coming her,\" says the actress. The Hyderabad girl is not only bowled over by the scenic beauty, but is relishing Kerala cuisine as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "lahli", "code": "17107963", "title": "Despite win, Vidarbha need to raise bar", "text": "LAHLI: Sairaj Bahutule wasn't overtly excited after Shalabh Shrivastava smashed Kuldeep Hooda for the winning runs on Sunday.He applauded the efforts of his boys and gave a pat on the back to everyone. The Vidarbha captain-cum-coach knows it's just the start and the road will only get tougher from here.Even though eight-wicket victory looked comfortable, it certainly wasn't. Vidarbha still need to tick a few boxes if they want to do well against the top teams. Most of the teams are playing in Elite Group for a long time. So, they know what to expect and have prepared thoroughly. Vidarbha too have prepared well but there are still some areas they need to work on and bowling certainly comes first.Vidarbha won't be the same side without Umesh Yadav , who after his inclusion for the first two Tests against England, is unlikely to be available for the rest of the season. The onus will now be on Sandeep Singh, Shreekant Wagh and Amol Jungade to keep up the good work but it's easier said than done.The wicket here in Lahli was tailor-made for the pacers so they just needed to bowl good line and length. Despite the instructions of BCCI , it's not sure whether rest of the associations provide the sporting wicket and if Vidarbha play on featherbeds against strong batting line-ups like Baroda, Karnataka, Tamil Nadu and Uttar Pradesh, they might struggle.Sandeep, Wagh and Jungade did extremely well as a unit last year where the conditions helped them but struggled against Kerala and Hyderabad when there wasn't much help form the wicket. While Wagh bowls between 130-135 km/hr, Sandeep and Jungade are in mid 120s and batters like this speed on flat wickets.After Baroda match, Vidarbha have five back-to-back matches and they don't have quality bench strength. The likes of Nitesh Choudhary and Swapnil Bandiwar are doing well for Vidarbha in Under-25 but it's a vast difference when it comes to Ranji Trophy. Spin department too looks weak.Bahutule is the only quality spinner but he had an average last year. He bowled just two overs in Lahli. The role of spinners gets even bigger in good batting conditions as they not only have to do the bulk of the bowling but try to keep things tight. It would be a huge challenge for the likes of Sumit Ruikar and Gaurav Upadhyaya.The batting also needs to come good. Haryana had a moderate pace attack but except for Faiz Fazal and Bahutule, rest of the batsmen struggled. Vidarbha batters put sufficient runs on the board last year and that's the reason they are playing in Group 'B'.However, they need to raise the bar as the challenge is bigger now. Teams like Uttar Pradesh, Tamil Nadu and Karnataka have international bowlers in their ranks besides boasting of powerful batting line-ups. There will be expectations from Faiz, Shalabh and Ranjit Paradkar, who have been around for a while. Hemang Badani performed well in the crunch situation for Vidarbha last year but Shiv Sundar Das is still to prove his worth. He has the capability and experience to play long innings. The time has come for Das and others to deliver.The Vidarbha fielding, however, looked excellent against Haryana. They took some great catches and probably for the first time they hardly dropped anything. The slip cordon provided great support to the bowlers. It's good that Vidarbha started on a winning note but they need to plug the loopholes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17107643", "title": "Senior citizen killed in road accident", "text": "NASHIK: A 78-year-old man, Brijmohan Wardhi of Ashwin Nagar, Ambad, was killed in a road accident after bring hit by a sports utility vehicle (SUV). The accident took place on Sunday around 1.30 pm near Sambhaji stadium. Wardhi was riding a scooter when he was knocked down by the SUV. An offence has been registered against the SUV driver, Niran Khopade, a Pune resident. TNN3 bikes stolen: A bike worth Rs 20,000 was stolen fnear Tuljai Hospital, Thakker Bazar bus stand. A complaint over the alleged theft was lodged by Nitesh Sharma of Tilakwadi at the Sarkarwada police station on Sunday.Another bike worth Rs 10,000 was stolen near Sandeep Hotel, Mumbai Naka. In a third incident, a complaint was lodged at the Ambad police station,over the theft of a bike worth Rs 15,000 parked near Trimurti Hospital on October 31. A complaint was lodged by Hiralal Solace of Krushna Kung apartments, Gopal Park, Cidco.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17109301", "title": "Youth climbs atop train, gets electric shock", "text": "KANPUR: A youth who had climbed atop a Memu train for unknown reasons suffered severe burn injuries after coming in contact with high-tension wires overhead at platform number 7 of Kanpur Central railway station on Monday morning.The unidentified youth, who the cops said seemed mentally unstable, was taken to Ursala hospital for treatment.\"The youth had climbed atop the train and was thrown back onto the platform after coming in contact with the wires. We raised an alarm and informed GRP about the incident.The cops came rushing and took the youth to the hospital,\" said a vendor at Kanpur Central railway station.A GRP personnel said while the youth's intention behind climbing the train was not clear, the possibility of this being a suicide attempt could not be ruled out.This is the second such incident in the recent past. In May, a youth had climbed atop a goods train laden with coal and was charred to death after he came in contact with high-tension wires.Betel nut worth 12cr seized: Ten teams of sales tax officials conducted raids at as many godowns belonging to four transporters in Transport Nagar on Monday and seized huge quantity of betel nut worth Rs 12 crore.During the raid, 18,000gunny bags of betel nut were recovered. The ten teams comprised of sales tax officials from Faizabad, Moradabad and Lucknow. Acting on a tip off, the sales tax department had earlier conducted raids on Sunday and seized betel nut worth Rs 5 crore from a godown in the same area, he said. The teams were accompanied by district officials.Courts open sans functioning: The twin district courts reopened on Monday after a week-long strike by lawyers in protest against the murder of a colleague. But no normal working could take place as most of the judicial officials were absent due to a statewide meeting at Lucknow. There they elected the new office-bearers of judicial officials association.Litigants were in the courts but the number was less as most of them knew that there would be no working on Monday. Heavy rush was witnessed at the registry office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17108415", "title": "Reasons aplenty as animal death stalks zoo", "text": "MYSORE: In 2012, the deaths of animals in Mysore Zoo started with the death of African hunting cheetah Maya on June 10. Within weeks after giving birth to five cubs, making the Mysore facility the first conservation centre in India to have bred the exotic species, Maya died due to pancreatic carcinoma. Her cub died on June 26 and on July 18, another cub died. By late October, the remaining three cub s too died.Part of the problem was that the zoo didn't receive the pedigree of the four adults when they arrived in Mysore from South Africa in March 2011. It had postponed their shipping from South Africa on two occasions since it didn't get their genealogy.In the case of anacondas, the zoo could not select the young ones since they were gifted by a Sri Lankan zoo. \"It was a gift and we couldn't select the reptiles,\" Nanjundaswamy said.Retired IFS officer MN Jayakumar, who was ZAK member-secretary when the anacondas arrived, said the two snakes were weak and authorities had been force-feeding them since they arrived.Lessons from GujaratBefore Mysore Zoo received the four hunting cheetahs, its officials visited the Sakkarbaug Zoo in Gujarat, the first to receive African hunting cheetahs in India. It designed its enclosure based on the Gujarat zoo's suggestions and took care of their needs by keeping in constant touch with South African authorities.\"We factored in their needs before we shipped them here,\" Zoo Authority of Karnataka chairman M Nanjundaswamy told TOI. This process was followed when anacondas were transported to India. \"We built a special enclosure for them with facilities like heaters to maintain the temperature in the enclosure,\" he said.The authorities said the centre is equipped to take care of inmates: It has a well-equipped laboratory, drug store, portable radiographic machine, pneumatic tranquillizing equipments, squeeze cage for physical restraining of animals and holding rooms to quarantine animals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17109752", "title": "Rain submerges Shiva shrine in Bhubaneswar", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Hundreds of devotees had to return home without offering prayers to Lord Siva in Megheswara temple in the city on the first Monday of the holy month of Kartika as the temple was inundated with knee-deep water following heavy rain on Sunday night.\"Earlier, the temple would get partially submerged if there was uninterrupted rain for two-three days. But now, the temple gets submerged within a few hours of continuous showers. This could pose a grave threat to the shrine,\" said Gangadhara Rath, a priest at the temple located at Tankapani Road.The Archeological Survey of India (ASI) is entrusted with protecting the 12th century temple, but local residents alleged that no one from ASI visited the spot or took any action for clearing the stagnant water from inside the temple till afternoon.\"It is a big day for Hindus as devotees in large numbers visit Shiva temples on every Monday of Kartika. But when we reached the temple in the morning, the idol was submerged and the whole area was stinking as drain water had entered the shrine. Even the priests were standing helpless,\" said Harihar Panda, a resident of the locality.\"This is the way our ancient monuments are being conserved and protected. Several old shrines in the Temple City are damaged and many are in bad shape because of gross negligence by the ASI,\" Panda added.An ASI officer said, \"The motor pump to clear water from the temple is lying become defunct. Therefore, we could not take any prompt action.\" The superintendent archeologist of Odisha did not pick up his phone despite repeated calls.The city has been receiving heavy to moderate rain for the last couple of days due to cyclone Nilam passing through neighbouring Andhra Pradesh.The city received about 60 mm rainfall in the last 24 hours inundating several low-lying areas.Rain dampens Laxmi pujaAngul: The showers spoiled Laxmi puja celebrations in Angul and Dhenkanal districts as revellers were forced to stay indoors for the past couple of days. This year Angul came up with as many as 60 puja pandals along NH 55 from Banarapal to Angul.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17107196", "title": "High court dismisses plea to try Mayawati, Siddiqui", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a major relief to former Uttar Pradesh chief minister Mayawati and her cabinet colleague Naseemuddin Siddiqui in the multi-crore Taj heritage corridor case, the Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court on Monday upheld that the decision of the special CBI court dropping proceedings against the duo for want of prosecution sanction, did not need any interference, and dismissed half-a-dozen petitions seeking \"full-fledged trial\" instead of discharge of the accused on technical ground.The court, however, accepted that the CBI had found sufficient material for prosecution against the duo and that there was no infirmity in the CBI's investigation, but for lack of sanction refused by the then UP Governor TV Rajeshwar, the special CBI court had rightly refused to go ahead on the CBI report submitted after completion of the investigation.A division bench comprising Justice Imtiyaz Murtaza and Justice Ashwani Kumar Singh justified the special CBI court's June 5, 2007 order for dropping proceedings against Mayawati and Siddiqui holding that the alleged offences had been committed in discharge of official duty and therefore, it was rightly incumbent upon the CBI to obtain prosecution sanction to prosecute the accused in a court of law.The bench turned down the request for further investigation in the matter and said, \"We fail to understand as to why this prayer has been made when the CBI after investigation found sufficient material for prosecution and that the petitioners could not point any infirmity in the CBI probe.\"To the petitioner's submission that the CBI had roundly approached the state government for sanction, the court said, \"We are of the opinion that there is no illegality in obtaining sanction for the prosecution, when the investigating officer was of the opinion that the offence alleged to have been committed are in the discharge of official duty and we are of the view that the action of the investigating officer cannot be said to be wrong, because the sanctioning authority refused to accord sanction.\"The bench on Monday delivered its verdict on six PILs filed by Anupama Singh and five others in individual capacity. \"The order passed by the special CBI court is perfectly in accordance with law and the petitioners are not entitled for any relief,\" said the judges in the judgement.On a directive of the Supreme Court, the CBI registered a case in connection with the alleged scam and after conducting investigations forwarded the chargesheet on February 15, 2007 in the special CBI court. With the chargesheet, the CBI moved an application in the court seeking time to obtain prosecution sanction from the prescribed government under section 197 of CrPC read with section 19 of Prevention of Corruption Act. UP governor Rajeshwar, however refused to grant sanction on June 3, 2007 saying that there was no prima facie case to charge Mayawati and that there were no element of corruption on her part. \"What was attributed to her was a reported approval, as claimed by her principal secretary PL Punia for release of funds for certain project work,\" the former governor had said.Thereafter, special CBI judge Rekha Dixit passed an order on June 5, 2007 to the effect that the court had no jurisdiction to proceed with the matter in the absence of sanction for prosecution.After a gap of two years, Anupama Singh and two other petitioners individually and later in 2011, three other petitioners individually moved PILs condemning CBI's conduct and asking for trial of the duo before the special CBI court.Mayawati and Siddiqui submitted in the court that the petitioners were 'political personages' and the petitions had been filed without following high court rules. It was further submitted that order of granting sanction for prosecution was challenged in the Supreme Court and the petitions have been dismissed. It was also said that the petitioners had alternative remedies for challenging the special CBI court's order in revisional jurisdiction and a criminal revision is also pending in this regard.On behalf of CBI and Centre, it was said that the act of Mayawati was in the discharge of official duty and it was in this perspective that sanction was required.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "17109152", "title": "Another 50 sarpanchs resign in J&K; over death threats", "text": "SRINAGAR: More than 50 Jammu &amp; Kashmir panchs and sarpanchs resigned on Monday following death threats from militant groups.They made their resignation public through advertisements in local newspapers after Hizbul Mujahideen chief Syed Salahuddin's warning that they would have to face dire consequences if they did not. While condemning the death threats, Jammu &amp; Kashmir chief minister Omar Abdullah downplayed the issue. \"We never said we will provide security to each and every panch and sarpanch. We had said that whenever there is a threat assessment and we feel that there is need to do more, we will do that,\" he said.Reacting to the state government's non-committal response to jihadi threats, the All Jammu &amp; Kashmir Panchayat Conference (AJKPC) said they would go on a dharna at the Prime Minister's residence in New Delhi if the Omar government did not address their demands.\"We want the government to provide monthly wages and security to panchayat members,\" Ghulam Hassan Punzoo, the AJKPC spokesperson said. \"We are not demanding security for all members but only for those who need it. Security shall be based on threat perception,\" he added.He appealed to all panches and sarpanches not to resign. With the resignations on Monday, the total number of panchs and sarpanchs who have resigned due to militant threats has risen to over 200.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17107384", "title": "Sandeep, Tushar axed from Indian hockey squad", "text": "CHENNAI: The London disaster took its toll on Monday. The Indian hockey selectors dropped seniors like Sandeep Singh, Ignace Tirkey, Tushar Khandkar and Shivendra Singh from the team for the International Super Series to be held in Perth from November 22 to 25.The same team will play in the Champions Trophy in Melbourne from December 1 to 9.The Indian hockey team finished last in the London Olympics. India will open their Super Series campaign against England on November 22, followed by Australia (November 23) and Pakistan (November 24).Though both Ignace and Shivendra have fitness problems, it was reliably learnt that Sandeep's case was completely different. The selection committee comprising Col. Balbir Singh, BP Govinda, Thoiba Singh, government observer Harbinder Singh and chief coach Michael Nobbs \"wanted to teach Sandeep a lesson for taking his place for granted\".Squad:Goalkeepers: PR Sreejesh, PT Rao; fullbacks: VR Raghunath (vice-captain), Rupinder Pal Singh, Harbir Singh; halfbacks: Sardar Singh (captain), Kothajit Singh, Birendra Lakra, Manpreet Singh, Gurmail Singh; Forwards: SV Sunil, Gurvinder Singh Chandi, Danish Mujtaba, SK Uthappa, Nithin Thimmaiah, Yuvraj Walmiki, Dharamvir Singh, Akashdeep Singh; standbyes: Srenivas Rao (goalkeeper), Amit Rohidas (defender), M B Aiyappa (halfback), Chinglensana Singh (forward), Pradhanna Sommanna (forward), PL Thimmanna (forward).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17108866", "title": "Police stations to come up at Jhusi, Arial", "text": "ALLAHABAD: After setting up the first reserve police lines at the parade area, police authorities have asked Kumbh Mela administration to provide land and other facilities to set up a second and third reserve police lines in Jhusi and Arial areas. A total of three reserve police lines would be set up for Mahakumbh. Cops put on Mahakumbh duty have started arriving and around 2,500 police personnel are reach the city on or before November 15. The mela police administration has already set up two police stations for the event. In the first batch, as many as 1,000 police personnel arrived at the city and are currently undergoing training. ADM (KUMBH Mela) Ashutosh Kumar Dwividi told TOI \"We would soon be allocating land to set up reserve police lines and police stations at Sangam\". Officials said 30 police stations, 40 police outposts, three reserve police lines and three traffic police lines would be set up in the Sangam area to ensure foolproof security arrangements.Deputy superintendent of police for Mahakumbh, Neeraj Pandey, told TOI that second and third reserve police lines would be set up at Jhusi and Arial areas. He added that land for setting up police stations has been sought from mela administration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17108229", "title": "Animal smugglers booked for murder attempt", "text": "GURGAON: After confronting the police for about half an hour, a gang of cow smugglers managed o flee from one of their operational bases in the village of Nathupur in Gurgaon. While escaping, the gang members also attempted to mow down a villager. A case of murder attempt has also been lodged by local police.An FIR has been lodged with DLF II police against four cow smugglers under Sections 379/ 307 of IPC and Animal Cruelty Act. The incident took place in Nathupur village around 3.30am on Sunday, when four cow smugglers entered the village in a pick-up truck. A stolen cow was already loaded in the truck and when they were trying to steal another cow, Surendra, the owner of the cow, woke up. On seeing Surendra, the cow smugglers tried to flee with the cows, but just then some more villagers gathered and tried to stop them.The driver of the cow smugglers' vehicle tried to mow down a villager, but he had a narrow escape. The cow smugglers pelted the villagers with stones. They made a dramatic escape after villagers surrounded them when their vehicle got stuck in a pit. But in the bargain, the smugglers left behind the vehicle.Police seized the vehicle and rescued the cows. \"The vehicle has a commercial number as HR-61-B-1435,\" said ASI Naresh Kumar, the investigating officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17109904", "title": "30s are the new 40s for killer heart attacks", "text": "BANGALORE: If you love junk food, junk it. It's one of the primary reasons why heart diseases are striking the young. Thirty is the new 40, where cardiac ailments are concerned, according to a recent study by a team of Cardiological Society of India (CSI).The age of getting heart attacks has fallen from 40 to 30 in the last decade, revealed the study, 'Breaking the unbreakable plateau' . Apart from poor eating habits, a sedentary lifestyle and lack of exercise are the triggers for heart diseases . \"Not only college students, even working professionals have adopted the ways of the modern lifestyle, and this has proved to be the instigator of heart diseases. Junk food joints have become hangout points amongst college students and young professionals, who go for a quick bite to save time,\" says the study.The CSI survey covered 15,000 heart patients in Delhi to understand the change in pattern of heart ailments and heart attacks in India. It found a 50 percent rise in the number of women suffering from cardiovascular diseases, apart from an equal rise of patients in the 20-40 age group.Dr Ashok Seth, president, CSI says: \"The low density cholesterol (LDL) which is a result of bad food habits puts us in the high risk zone as far as heart diseases are concerned. Cholesterol deposits make arteries narrower. Consequently , the blood supply to the heart gets thwarted, leading to heart attacks.\"The scene is not any different in Bangalore . Sri Jayadeva Heart Watch, a study conducted by Sri Jayadeva Institute of Cardiovascular Sciences and Research (SJICR ) last year, found that 25% of its patients were below the age of 40 years, of which 10% were women.About four decades ago, there were more deaths from communicable diseases like tuberculosis , says Dr C N Manjunath , senior cardiologist and director, SJICR: \"Today most of the deaths are due to non-communicable diseases like hypertension which can trigger heart failure. We need to learn to beat stress and indulge in physical exercise,\" he says. Said Dr Keshav R, interventional cardiologist, Fortis Hospitals: \"Smoking , alcohol consumption and high cholesterol levels are the main reasons behind GenY getting heart attacks.\"Stats at a glanceAbout 1.2 million Indians die due to heart attacks every year Growing at 9.2% annually, cardiovascular diseases account for the second largest number of noncommunicable disease patients after mental illnesses 24.8% of CVD patients are in the 25-69 age groupSource: Cardiological Society of IndiaAge no bar: Case studiesMrinal Tripathi (name changed), 25, a software developer. He was rushed to Fortis Hospital in September this year after he complained of acute chest pain. Investigations revealed that his cholesterol level was very high, which had caused 100% blockage and thereby a heart attack. He was immediately put on treatment followed by angioplasty. He has been advised not to eat fried or carbohydrate-rich food and walk for at least 30 minutes a day.Niranjan Patil, (name changed), 18, a native of Hubli and student of a Bangalore college, suffered a heart attack last year. He had a lean frame, his blood sugar and cholesterol levels were normal, but he used to smoke 10-12 cigarettes a day. He developed acute chest pain and was rushed to hospital, where investigations revealed that he had about 90% blockage. He underwent an angioplasty and has been advised to quit smoking.Times ViewVulnerable Gen XIndia's asset is its growing young population. Ironically, it is also the most vulnerable section, as more and more health surveys show. Lifestyle diseases are increasingly striking the young. Gen X should read the writing on the wall and put their lives in order. A disciplined lifestyle which entails daily fitness regimen, proper eating habits, cutting out junk food and the ability to tackle stress will see a young, healthier India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "motihari", "code": "17108893", "title": "Over 400 take out anti-liquor march in East Champaran", "text": "MOTIHARI: On Sunday when CM Nitish Kumar was addressing the 'Adhikar rally' at Gandhi Maidan in Patna, over 400 women, men and children of four villages of Paschimi Pachrukha panchayat took out an anti-liquor march on Motihari-Raxaul NH-28A at village Jhakhiya under Banjariya police station in East Champaran district demanding closure of over 42 illegal liquor outlets from this area.The protesters accused illegal liquor shop owners of doing business openly on roadside and in fields. The angry village women blocked the Motihari-Raxaul NH-28A for hours disrupting the traffic. The housewives belonging to poor families carrying bamboo sticks and brooms also raided the outlets of illicit liquor.Rajnish Kumar, excise inspector, presently in charge of excise superintendent said there is not a single government liquor shop in this panchayat and only toddy shops are running but the excise department have no legal control over it. He made it clear that no illegal liquor shop or Centre was running in this panchayat but added he would look into the matter. Incidentally, the Banjariya police have lodged cases against 14 illegal liquor sellers of Jhakhiya last week.Damyanti Devi, one of the participants of the march said, \"Hamani ke marad daru pi ke bimar par jata (our husbands fall ill after consuming the illicit liquor). Illicit liquor is being sold openly on roads allegedly in connivance with the police and excise department officials and they are hand in glove with the liquor mafia.\" She said they had also handed over a list of illegal liquor traders last week to the SHO of Banjariya police station Jai Prakash Prasad and the police after an inquiry had lodged cases against 14 hooch traders of the area.According to police sources, Basmati Devi and Suhagani Devi of Jhakhiya had lodged an FIR with the Banjariya police station against five persons alleging that both of them were beaten up by liquor traders for taking part in agitation against them. However, no illegal liquor trader was arrested by the police.Ramashrya Singh, a former legislator and veteran CPM leader, said around 40 illegal liquor shops were running in this panchayat allegedly in connivance with few excise department personnel. East Champaran SP Ganesh Kumar said the police have already launched a drive against brewing and sale of illicit liquor in the district for the past last two months and police teams seized huge quantities of illicit liquor from different places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "tripunithura", "code": "17107787", "title": "Filming nature's healing touch", "text": "TRIPUNITHURA: Chlorophyll, a short film made by the NSS unit of Tripunithura GVHSS, explores the world of medicinal plants and their magical cures.Headed by NSS programme officer K S Biju, the students met people who live strictly in tune with the nature. \"Our aim was to learn more about medicinal plants and also to identify the major causes of their extinction,\" said Biju.The team interacted with more than 300 persons who had vast knowledge on such plants which are effective ingredients in the medicines for many health problems like stroke and TB.\"It was quite an experience meeting people and learning about our traditional treatment,\" said Alan Kuriakose, a member of the team who vouches for the expertise of Vilavilaamkunnu Thankamma who cured his joint pain with a medicinal mix.\"These little known 'doctors' can identify medicinal plants from among any number of weeds,\" said Mrudul Murukesh, another student.\"It is nothing but the thoughtless 'development' programmes which ultimately resulted in the destruction of medicinal and other plants,\" Biju said.In earlier days, wayside plants, most of them medicinal, welcomed you to a residential area. Now there are only concrete roads and slabs concealing drainages which erase greenery from the locality.The students' initiative, at a budget of Rs 5,000, has gained support from many corners. The film was previewed on the school premises on Friday.Chlorophyll is the second mega project by the students of GVHSS, Tripunithura. School principal Hena Ragu said these students had already conducted a detailed study on the pollution of Kadambrayaar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17108341", "title": "Less than 50% consumers have set-top box in Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: While the official deadline for phasing out analog cable TV services in Gurgaon - March 31 2013 - is slowly approaching, the local cable operators are yet to take the government's decision seriously. Less than 50% of consumers in Gurgaon have digital services due to shortage of set-top boxes.A local operator offering cable connection of DEN, a prominent digital distributor, says, \"There is an acute shortage of set-top boxes. Even after the deadline has passed, cable services in Delhi have not got completely digital. Gurgaon will not be covered in the near future.\"On the other hand, the local distributors are not in favour of complete digitalization as it would hit their profits. According to a source, the government is incurring revenue losses to the tune of several thousand crores due to large-scale under-invoicing by the local cable operators. Cable operators report less than 25 percent of the total subscribers to the authority concerned while the fee collected from the remaining subscribers go into their pocket.Even the digital distributors - Digicable, Hathway and others - face losses due to less number of consumers reported by the cable operators. The set-top box installation or complete digitalization will check revenue losses, size of broadcasters and distributors and the actual number of subscribers.Ritesh Chauhan, a private firm employee said \"Apart from not providing set top boxes, the local operators are charging subscription and monthly fee without any monitoring. At different areas, they charge different amount which should be stopped\"Industry insiders say that although digital customers have been growing, there seems to be a lack of awareness about the government's decision to phase out cable TV. The deadline for compulsory digitalization in the metro cities passed in June this year while for Gurgaon it's March 31, 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17108916", "title": "Will set up SIT to probe scams: Virbhadra Singh", "text": "SHIMLA: Confident of returning to power, state Congress president Virbhadra Singh on Monday said that Congress would set up a Special Investigation Team ( SIT) to probe into scams, corruption and other irregularities of the BJP government.Attacking the BJP government in state on corruption issue, the HPCC leader said that a prime land with green deodar trees in Shimla was sold to Bamloi Builders, a DLF-backed private company, to build apartments. He claimed that most clearances were given in a single day.He said, \"It cannot happen without the intervention of state government. The deputy commissioner, Shimla, released Rs 38 lakh for road up to the site and the Shimla municipal corporation also connived to see the project through. Even Bantony complex was proposed to be allowed as tourism resort, reversing my proposal to convert it into a museum and its sprawling lawns into city's public park. Who was behind this?\"While referring to the Annandale ground, he alleged that BJP government proposed to convert it into a cricket stadium because lot of people close to the BJP had bought lands around it.Suspecting a scam in Himachal Pradesh University, Virbhadra claimed merit and eligibility was ignored during recruitments. \"On coming to power, I intend to get the recruitments in HPU legally examined and reviewed by a panel of experts,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "17107307", "title": "Man tries to set self ablaze in Navi Mumbai", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: A Koparkhairane resident, Ramesh Pindham, tried to set himself on fire by pouring kerosene on himself outside Navi Mumbai municipal commissioner's office on Monday. However, deputy civic chief J N Sinnarkar saved Pindham in the nick of time.The chawl in which Pindham resided went into redevelopment three years ago, following an agreement between a developer, the chawl owner and Pindham. Earlier this year, Pindham complained to the NMMC that the new building does not have an OC and he did not get a flat. He sai d the NMMC did not look into his case seriously, and hence took the step on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17109560", "title": "Stray dogs drag body of newborn in People's hospital", "text": "BHOPAL: Dead body of a newborn was dragged by a dog on the People's hospital premises on Sunday afternoon. The post mortem of the body is yet to be conducted. People's hospital spokesperson said, the newborn had already died and was handed over to the family.\"The incident took place after few hours of handing over the body and it has nothing to do with the hospital, Jitendra Choubey, spokesman of People's group said. \"After the incident came to light, we also informed the police about it\".Earlier on September 27, an incident of similar nature took place at the Sultania hospital. A one-and-a-half-year old child was rushed to Hamidia hospital after stray dogs attacked the boy. Almost 1,000 cases of dog bites are being reported in three main government hospitals of the state capital every month and over 500 complaints are registered with the call centers run by the BMC every two months. \"We are planning to run a program to sterilize dogs with the help of NGOs,\" Kishore Kanyal, additional commissioner, BMC said. There are 18 dog catchers and two dog catching vans with the BMC.The vulnerable targets of these dogs are pedestrians, joggers and bikers. Sometimes, they run after four-wheelers, scaring driver and heightening risk of road accidents.The situation gets worse during night hours, BMC officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17107516", "title": "Man robs Rs 80,000 from Religare office", "text": "NEW DELHI: An armed robber entered Religare's office in Sarita Vihar area of southeast Delhi on Monday morning and decamped with around Rs 80,000 in cash after holding the employees hostage at gunpoint.The incident took place around 9am at the company's office in H block. There were two employees present in the office at the time of incident. As per the complainant, a man who had tied a handkerchief around his face entered the office asking the two employees to hand over all the cash in the drawer. The scared employees handed over the cash which the robber put in his bag and left after threatening the duo of dire consequences if they informed police. They later called the cops around 9.15am.Police have registered a case under section 392 of IPC. They suspect an insider's role in the incident as the robber had a fair idea of the amount of cash present in the office as it was three days' collections pending to be deposited in the bank.In another incident, an architect lost over Rs 2.5 lakh kept from his office in New Friends colony after he left office to bring his dog. Surender Sharma, handed over the keys to his office and house to his driver, Shiv Kumar, but when Sharma came back to his office he found the lock of his drawer broken and the cash missing. Cops are questioning the driver, a senior police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17107747", "title": "Arrest of Shamsudeen is contempt of court: Plea", "text": "KOCHI: A petition alleging contempt of court by the state government was filed by the son-in-law of MonaVie distributor M Shamsudeen before the Kerala high court on Monday.Though the government submitted to the court on September 19 that it had no plans to arrest the distributor of the multi-level marketing company that allegedly duped people to the tune of over Rs10 crore, he was arrested on September 24, the petition filed by A Ansil alleged.P A Valson , crime branch superintendent has been named as the official responsible for the arrest. During the hearing on Shamsudeen's anticipatory bail plea, the state submitted that he hasn't been made an accused in the case and doesn't need to be arrested. The court had disposed the bail plea based on the government's submission.The contempt petition pointed out that Shamsudeen was arrested five days later at Kozhikode railway station. Arresting Shamsudeen, the chief distributor of the company, after telling the court that the police were not planning an arrest amounts to deception.Along with alleged contempt of court, the petitioner also demanded that the case registered against Shamsudeen should be cancelled in view of the deception by the government. Admitting the petition, justice P Bhavadasan asked the state to submit an explanation within two weeks.A petition alleging contempt of court by the state government was filed by the son-in-law of MonaVie distributor M Shamsudeen before the Kerala High Court on Monday.Though state government had submitted to the court on September 19 that it has no plans to arrest the distributor of the multi-level marketing company that allegedly duped over Rs10 crore, he was arrested by the police a few days later, on September 24, the petition filed by Shamsudeen's son-in-law A Ansil alleged.PA Valson, superintendent of organized crime wing of crime branch, has been named as the police official responsible for the arrest in the petition.During the hearing on Shamsudeen's anticipatory bail plea, state government had submitted that Shamsudeen hasn't been made an accused in the case yet and doesn't need to be arrested. The court had disposed the bail application on the basis of the government's submission.The contempt petition points out that Shamsudeen was arrested five days later at Kozhikode railway station by police.Arresting Shamsudeen, allegedly the chief distributor of the company that is said to have duped more than Rs10 crore from Malayalis, after telling the court that police isn't planning an arrest amounts to deception.Along with alleging contempt of court, the petitioner has also demanded that the case registered against Shamsudeen should be cancelled in view of the deception by the government.Admitting the contempt of court petition, justice P Bhavadasan asked the state government to submit an explanation within two weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17109684", "title": "HC forms panel to monitor work at Sujanganga canal", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan High Court has constituted a four-member panel to ensure compliance of its orders passed in the past for preservation of Bharatpur fort and the Sujanganga canal surrounding the ancient fort.The court's decision came after a Bharatpur-based advocate, Shri Nath Sharma, filed a PIL saying that the orders passed from time to time by the court have not been complied by the state authorities. According to the petitioner, a division bench in March 2003 had directed that the silt be removed from the canal, traffic congestion be eased, illegal hotels near Ghana bird sanctuary be removed and a planned sewerage system be laid down.\"We brought to the court's notice that the silt has not been removed from the canal and no action has been taken to restore the heritage look and the orders of the court are being consistently flouted. Further, more than Rs 3 crore have been embezzled in the name of laying sewerage system. Both the chief judicial magistrate and the district judge had at one point of time submitted a report that no court order has been complied,\" said R D Rastogi, counsel for the petitioner.In April 17 this year, Chief Justice Arun Mishra and Justice N K Jain-I on a PIL had directed that the Archaeological Survey of India and MNIT, Jaipur to complete the task of renovation and restoration of Bharatpur fort and the Sujanganga canal surrounding the fort within two months. The court had then recorded an undertaking of the district collector of Bharatpur, who said that the encroachments in the canal would be removed in 10 days.On Monday, Chief Justice Arun Mishra and Justice N K Jain (senior) directed that a committee be constituted with the district judge, Bharatpur as its chairperson, district collector Bharatpur, superintendent ASI Rajasthan circle, superintending engineering PHED and commissioner local municipal council as its members. The panel has been asked to oversee the implementation of court's order and file a report every two months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17108186", "title": "20-year-old youth found dead in Hasanganj", "text": "LUCKNOW: A 20-year-old relative of a watchman of a church in Lalbagh area was murdered by unknown persons. The deceased Ramdulare Maurya was a salesman at a Delhi-based mobile shop and used to frequently visit Lucknow and adjoining districts for official trips. Maurya was found dead near Gomti river in Madehganj area of Hasanganj on Monday morning.Police said initial reports indicate that the murder was fallout of Maurya's illicit or unsolicited relationship with a woman. \"The man was friendly with multiple women and we suspect that the murder was done by one of the jilted lovers,\" said a senior police official. Maurya's face was smashed by a boulder and police was informed at around 8.00 a.m. on Monday about his murder.In two separate accidents reported in Chinhat area, one of the victims lost his life. In the first case, the deceased Akhtar Khan was returning from Deva Sharif Mela on a motorcycle in the wee hours of Monday, when his friend rammed the bike into the road divider at Jainabad turn on Deva Road. 30-year-old Akhtar lost his life on the spot, while his friend Ismail Khan who was riding the bike was rushed to the hospital in serious condition. Akhtar was a resident of Sadatganj.In another accident, Guddu Yadav's bicycle was hit by a bus of a prominent private university on Faizabad Road at around 8.00 a.m. on Monday. The accident was witnessed near Simra village on the busy Faizabad Road. Yadav, a resident of Dhokalpur in Chinhat area was rushed to a nearby hospital and is under medical care. No case was registered against the bus driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17108941", "title": "Bihar government to file affidavit in Bhagwat Nagar case", "text": "PATNA: The state government is to file an affidavit in the Supreme Court on November 8 regarding its order for demolition of 131 unauthorized houses at Bhagwat Nagar, Patna.Chief secretary A K Sinha on Saturday presided over a meeting with the top brass of Patna district administration, Patna police and Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) commissioner in this regard and reviewed the electricity bills, holding tax payments and amount of revenue from the 131 houses.According to district administration sources, the state government would mention in the affidavit that those households who have been paying holding tax and electricity bills should be spared from the demolition drive.However, no new construction would be allowed in the earmarked area. \"The district administration feared large-scale violence and could not take the risk of forcible demolition of these houses,\" the source said.On October 31, PMC commissioner Pankaj Kumar Pal filed an affidavit in the Supreme Court blaming Patna district administration for its non-cooperation during the PMC demolition drive thrice in October after the SC order. The SC had given three months' time for the removal of the unauthorized constructions from Bhagwat Nagar keeping in mind the festive season.According to the court directive, the illegal constructions were to be removed within six weeks from September 12. The deadline for removing these unauthorized buildings ended on October 30. In the affidavit, PMC officials claimed that due to district administration's non-cooperation, PMC failed to demolish the 131 unauthorized constructions.The Bihar Finance Service Housing Cooperative Society (BFSHCS) had purchased about 56 acres of land at Bhagwat Nagar in 1983 for providing residence plots to its members. Over the years, about 18 acres of the land have been encroached by residents of Bhagwat Nagar.The BFSHCS has been fighting the case for a long time. Bihar government is respondent in the case. The Patna DM, PMC commissioner and district land acquisition officer are among the 22 respondents in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17109363", "title": "US presidential polls: Americans in Kochi vote", "text": "KOCHI: They may not be in America, but that has not stopped the Americans in Kerala from casting an absentee ballot for the closely contested US presidential election on November 6.\"I have cast an absentee ballot. I do believe in the power of vote but don't miss being in the US during the election period. The US presidential election campaign started almost two years back and after sometime it gets really boring. Nothing changes and the candidates repeat the same stuff over and over,\" said Dill Fletcher, who has made Kochi his home after retirement.\"Most of us are aware of our rights and duties. We make it a point to vote during every presidential election without fail. This year, as I am busy with my business in Kerala, I had to cast an absentee ballot,\" said Dorrie Younger, who has been in Kerala for the last 18 years.Voters unable to vote at polling stations on election day, can vote via absentee ballot, which are most commonly send and received via the United States Postal Service, once an American citizen registers online.New York resident Kate Prendergast, who works as a volunteer with an NGO in Vyttila, believes that incumbent Barack Obama holds an edge over rival Mitt Romney. \"I do not agree with all the policies of the US, including all the military action, but we say there in the US that we often have to go with the lesser of two evils. I do not know why we only have two major parties. I think Obama is responding, as well as can be expected, to the recent storm damage in my home area,\" she said.Added Coco De La Baume, who along with her French husband is living in Kochi over the last nine months, \"This is a closely contested election. Both the candidates are good and the choice we have is choosing between someone who is strong in matters of foreign policy and someone who is talking about national problems such as economy, healthcare and unemployment. I have already cast my vote for the candidate I believe is good.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17107009", "title": "Murray starts with fighting win in opener", "text": "LONDON: For most part of Monday afternoon, The 02 Arena, which has hosted some of the most popular musicians of the day, was reduced to a squealing, wailing attendance whose mood swung with the erratic play of home-hope Andy Murray .With cries of 'Andyyy, Andyyy' resonating through the indoor facility and banners that read, 'Andy is our ace' and 'Andymonium' dotting the stands, Murray, playing his first match on home soil since ending Britain's seventy six-year Grand Slam drought, picked himself up in time to beat Czech Tomas Berdych 3-6, 6-3, 6-4 in the opening Group A round robin engagement of the Barclays ATP World Tour Finals.Cheered on by a large entourage that included his fresh-faced girlfriend Kim Sears , Murray hauled himself out of the deep as it were, down a set and facing double break points in the third game of the second set.The world No.3, whose colours for the occasion black and gold, glitter smudged with blotches of the dreary, in part reflected the dark London sky on a day the sun, like his form, played peak-a-boo. The US Open champion then won five of the next seven games to level set scores. The crowd was on its feet, delirious, but Murray's coach, the legendary Czech-born-American Ivan Lendl , was unmoved.Berdych, 27, who leads the head-to-head 4-3, started strongly. After staving off the bids Murray made on his serve early in the match, he broke the mercurial Scot in the sixth game when Murray's forehand hit the net-chord and floated long. The difference between the Murray of today and the top-five player he was five-six months ago is the confidence with which he strikes the ball from the back of the court.So much so that even at 15-40 down in the third game of the second set, Murray refused to be weighed down by the prospect of an early loss, instead going for his forehand like a trigger-happy schoolboy without a care in the world.Prarthana goes down fightingPUNE: Prarthana Thombare came tantalisingly close to causing an upset victory in her debut match on the WTA tour before losing 3-6, 6-2, 6-4 against Chang Liu of China in the opening round of Indian Open Challenger tournament on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17107995", "title": "South African man moves HC for daughter\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s custody", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Monday issued notice to the city government and a US national of Indian origin on her estranged South African husband's plea for the custody of their six-year-old daughter. The husband claims she brought the child illegally to India.A bench of Justices Sanjiv Khanna and S P Garg asked the Delhi government and the woman to respond to the husband's petition and fixed it for hearing on December 13.The court allowed the husband, who has come all the way from South Africa, to meet his daughter at the US embassy. It said from November 6 to 10, the father would be allowed to meet his child from 2.30pm to 4.30pm every day at the Delhi high court mediation centre and later, he can remain in touch with her through \"phone, email and skype.\"In his plea the father argued their daughter was holding a South African Passport and she has been brought \"illegally\" by his estranged wife to India. The couple got married in 2004 at a church in South Africa where she was conducting research, the petition said.The girl, born in 2006 at Goa also had an Indian Passport, which was valid till September last year and has since not been renewed, the petition informed, adding that it was agreed by the spouses that they would abide by the decisions by the African courts and authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17106861", "title": "On election-eve, opinion polls show Obama pulling just ahead", "text": "WASHINGTON: US President Barack Obama is poised to win a second term to the White House, barring a \"hidden anti-incumbency vote\" from disgruntled Americans that Republicans are banking on.Almost every poll leading up to Election Day on Tuesday shows Obama sneaking ahead of Republican rival Mitt Romney, nationwide and in key battleground states. Obama has better chances and more ways of cobbling together the 270 electoral votes needed to win the presidency than does challenger Romney. Pollsters have sliced and diced numbers from different polls every which way and concluded it will take a hidden hand or miracle for Romney to win.The final Pew Research Poll released on Sunday showed \"Bronco Bamma\", as one four-year-old dubbed him, huffing to a 48-45 lead (50-47 after undecideds were spilt) after previous surveys showed them deadlocked or having miniscule leads.Obama's handling of the Hurricane Sandy aftermath, despite continuing horror stories from New York/New Jersey, and defensible numbers in the latest job report, appear to have stalled the Romney momentum and tilted the race his way.Exactly six decades after a Univac computer was first deployed to forecast election results in the US, Americans are finding newer ways to predict the winner. That includes employing a former baseball statistician, Nate Silver, to crunch election numbers and come up with odds on a winner instead of even-handed statements with qualifiers that poll pundits are prone to make. While Silver has predicted an Obama victory, Romney backers aren't convinced, saying the odds are still 50-50.(Also read: Xi Jinping set to take reins in China)So, here's the statistical outtake on the election \u00e2\u20ac\u201dthough polls show Obama ahead only marginally (48-45 with a 2.2% margin of error), he is a 75% to 80% favorite to win 270-plus electoral votes and with it the White House.The forecast comes not from polls and surveys, but from Nate Silver, a statistician who made a name for himself in sabermetrics, which analyses baseball numbers to forecast on-field performance. While traditional poll pundits are aghast, Silver, who has acquired a cult following in this election, is using their numbers to project that Obama is statistically ahead in states that matter most.Asked in a television interview if he was absolutely convinced President Obama was going to win, Silver chose to answer in a manner that highlighted his methods and conclusions: \"I'm convinced that if offered even money I would be happy to bet on Obama. I would need a pretty good price to bet on Romney, the two-to-one wouldn't do for it for me. Three-to-one might.\"Romney partisans think that is a load of rubbish, and that given the nationwide tie and the toss-up states still in play hours before the election, the odds are still 50-50. They also claim there is a hidden vote and sense of optimism in the Republican camp that the largely liberal media is overlooking.Some GoP partisans are predicting a shock victory for Romney with more than 300 electoral votes, which would count as a massive win if not a landslide (Obama won 365 out of 538 in 2008). They are confident of keeping Obama to a one-term presidency. \"It's going to be a big win for governor Romney,\" his political director Rich Beeson said. Democrat partisans are more circumspect, predicting at least 290 for the President.But Silver has the record to back him up. In 2008, he correctly forecast 49 out of 50 states, although it does not take a rocket scientist to predict more than half the states since they color themselves Red (Republican) or Blue (Democrat) quite prominently. Several other (lighter) ways of assessing the presidential race also suggest that Obama is ahead. Obama Halloween masks outsold Romney masks 63% to 37%; and the mask poll has got it right in the last four elections. Michelle Obama's cookies trumped Ann Romney's by a narrow margin in a magazine contest.The Republican response to all this is that the media is largely liberal and polls are skewed towards strong Democratic states on the coasts. They say there is a Republican groundswell that the media and pollsters have failed to detect. Tuesday night (Wednesday morning IST) will unmask the winner and show which way the cookie crumbled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17107678", "title": "Call centre staffer reported missing", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 23-year-old call center employee allegedly went missing under mysterious circumstances on Sunday. The youth had gone to attend class at a computer training institute near Nehru Place but didn't return to his Munirka residence. His family claims to have received a distress call from him early on Monday morning. However, they say no ransom call has been made till now.A call centre employee in Gurgaon, Vivek Srivastava, went missing after he left the institute around 4.30pm on Sunday. Originally from Varanasi, Vivek shared his Munirka flat with his brother and two other roommates. He was preparing for an exam and visited the coaching centre on weekends, said police.\"He had a test scheduled for Sunday. After that, he left the centre with a friend and was on his way back home. His friend walked him till the bus stop after which they parted. However, he never came home,\" said Vivek's cousin, Gaurav. He had rented the accommodation around one year ago. Vivek's father, Munna Lal Srivastava, told cops that his son didn't have any personal enmity. \"He told us that he had never even had an affair,\" said an officer.On Monday morning, a cab from Vivek's call center reached the flat at 4.40am to pick him up, said Gaurav. \"The driver dialled Vivek's number but an unknown person answered the call, saying that a man was lying in the middle of the road and he wasn't breathing. However, the call got disconnected and within seconds the phone got switched off,\" said Gaurav.Meanwhile in Banaras, Vivek's maternal uncle got a call from Vivek's phone at 5.14am.\"The caller told him that Vivek wanted to speak to his mother. Vivek told his mother that he was somewhere near a temple and had been beaten up brutally. He pleaded her to save him otherwise he would be killed. After the brief conversation, the phone got disconnected,\" said Gaurav.Vivek's number has been put on technical surveillance. His last call location was traced to the Ghazipur-Patparganj stretch, said a source. A missing person report has been lodged at Kalkaji police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17109772", "title": "Shades of Gujarat and Rajasthan to light up Diwali", "text": "LUDHIANA: This Diwali, cultural flavours of Gujarat and Rajasthan are in the limelight in the form of decorations. Amid colourful lighting are the bright decorations which people have hung at the entrances of their houses. According to Tarun Vermani, who runs Kangan Gallery in the Jawahar Nagar camp market: \"This trend of Gujarati and Rajasthani decorations has recently made its way into Ludhiana. The items are very much in demand nowadays and are becoming more and more popular every day.\"Tarun said the decorations are available in several varieties and can even be hung on doors easily. \"The decorations from Gujarat and Rajasthan are priced between Rs 50 and Rs 5,000. Different types of stones and other materials are used for the making these wall/door hangings,\" Tarun said.Another shopkeeper Sunny Khullar said: \"This festive season, I see a lot many people buying decorative hangings and designer lampshades. These are selling like hotcakes. The decorative hangings called 'bandhanwars' are from Gujarat and Rajasthan and the lampshades are China-made. Some lampshades come with pictures of Goddess Lakshmi and Lord Ganesha from China.\"Such new kind of decorations are a joy for the residents. Preeti Singh, a resident of BRS Nagar, said: \"The hangings available earlier were too simple and very common. The variety from Gujarat and Rajasthan is extraordinary. These give a splendid look when hung outside rooms.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "17107751", "title": "Cial to get approach radar in three months", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: An approach radar will be installed at the Cochin International Airport within three months, Union minister of state for civil aviation K C Venugopal said here on Monday.With the setting up of the radar, aircraft can avoid procedural delays while landing and the air traffic control can guide the plane to descend.Addressing an event organised by the Press Club here, Venugopal said that the radar would also help in forecasting weather conditions.The new system would avoid situations like the recent diversion of an Air India Express flight to Thiruvananthapuram that ended in a hijack drama.\"The number of Air India Express flights to the Middle East has been augmented from 92 services to 119. Flights to Mumbai from Kerala have also been increased from 11 to 17 services,\" he said.The minister said officials had visited Kochi on Monday to examine the possibilities of providing better catering service and entertainment facilities in budget airlines. \"The Thiruvananthapuram-Riyadh Air India flight, with a seating capacity of 425 passengers, would be reintroduced from December 5. The Kozhikode-Jeddah Air India flight, which earlier used to be Kochi-Kozhikode-Jeddah, will be flying from Kochi from December 6,'' Venugopal said.To a specific question on Air Kerala, the minister replied that the civil aviation ministry would examine if the conditions-20 aircraft and five year's domestic flying experience-- for international operations could be relaxed.Venugopal assured that the construction of a bypass in Alappuzha would begin in three months. \"It will be completed as a special project .The estimated cost for the project is Rs 200 crore,'' he said.The cost of the bypass would be equally shared by the Centre and the state. Though the Centre has decided to convert the National Highway 47 into a four-lane stretch, the bypass would have only two lanes.The bypass would not be constructed on build and operate model, Venugopal said, adding that the National Highway Authority of India has been entrusted with its construction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17108726", "title": "Bond-inspired 'see through' car in the making", "text": "LONDON: Researchers have developed a new 'see through' car akin to the remarkable vehicle used by Pierce Brosnan in the James Bond thriller 'Die Another Day'. The \"transparent\" vehicle that projects the outside world on its interior has been created by the Japanese researchers.The car is being designed to help drivers with parking, projecting a panoramic view of the area behind onto the rear seats, the 'Daily Mail' reported. Drivers who struggle to parallel park may find this invention particularly useful as the car appears transparent from the inside, allowing drivers to 'see through' the rear bodywork.In the James Bond film Die Another Day, the spy's Aston Martin Vanquish is made invisible by replicating the background using a light-emitting polymer skin.The feature, accompanied with automatic guns that pop-up from the bonnet cooling vents and spikes on the tyres, proves very useful during a chase with a Jaguar XK-R on the frozen lakes of Iceland.However, this real device is a little less advanced. It works with the help of two cameras on the boot lid which capture a full view of the scene behind the car. According to Sunday Times the images are combined by computer and reflected onto the seats to create the illusion that the back of the car is transparent when looked at from the driver's seat. The manufacturer is said to be already working with the laboratory to put the technology into production, while making other parts of the car transparent as well.This encompasses a prototype transparent door that would enable lorry drivers to see if a cyclist pulled up alongside them at a junction. This could potentially prove extremely useful in reducing road deaths, the report said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17107180", "title": "Citizens loosen purse strings for 'deaf' teen", "text": "MUMBAI: The last eight months have been trying for 16-year-old son Abhishek Konale who suddenly lost hearing in both his ears in February. On Monday, Abhishek's family's efforts to help him get back to normal life bore fruit when the teenager went home after successfully undergoing the last in a series of surgeries at Parel's KEM Hospital.Following Abhishek's sudden deafness, his parents knocked on the doors of many experts but to no avail. They finally came to KEM Hospital, where doctors told them that their son had sudden sensorineural hearing loss (SNHL) and cochlear implants in both ears were the only solution.While the parents really wanted to get the implants for their son, they didn't have the money\u00e2\u20ac\u201dAbhishek's father works as a technician with a public transport undertaking and the implants cost up to Rs 17 lakh.Abhishek was fitted with the first implant in his left ear in August. Said Abhishek, \"That was a special moment as I could faintly hear sounds again.\"\"Soon after Abhishek was fitted with the implant, he regained his confidence and started coming out of the depression ,\" said Gurusidhappa.Professor of ENT department Dr Hetal Marfatia-Patel, who treated Abhishek, said that it was only in special cases that bilateral devices were implanted with the help of donation money. \"One device give patients enough sound to carry out day-to-day activities. But in Abhishek's case, his academic brilliance convinced many to help him out,\" she said.Marfatia-Patel said the second device would be switched on in the next three weeks. Abhishek will have to be on auditory training for one-two years at the Ali Yavar Jung National Institute for the Hearing Handicapped. Abhishek has now joined a college in Dadar and is preparing for the IIT entrance exam. He has also started speaking on a cellphone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17108591", "title": "Unpaid bills halt dog sterilization programme", "text": "HUBLI: The much-hyped sterilization drive to rein in stray dogs in the city seems to have hit a road block due to Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation (HDMC)'s delay in giving payment to the private agency which has been vested with the responsibility.Sources said the agency has not yet completed its target due to delay in payment. A bill of Rs 2.85 lakh, which is due to the agency, is still pending before the corporation.The agency, which is supposed to sterilize 2,000 dogs in two months, has sterilized around 1,600 dogs so far. The work was to be completed in October, but the agency is likely to stop the process if HDMC continues to delay the payment.It was after much hue and cry over stray dog menace, HDMC called a tender and awarded the contract of Hyderabad-based NGO Vet Society in September, on condition that it should sterilize 2,000 dogs in two months. As per agreement, HDMC would have to spend Rs 485 for each dog.Though the agency kept its promise, the corporation failed to make payment on time. If HDMC fails to pay the bills immediately, the process will be halted, said sources.Vet Society coordinator Anilkumar said sterilization of 2,000 dogs should have been completed by October end, but there was delay in the payment of bills and the process got delayed. \"We will meet our target in 10 days,\" he said.Hubli-Dharwad mayor Pandurang Patil told TOI that there is no fund crunch. \"We are clearing the bills as per our agreement and there will not be any delay in payment,\" he added.Dogs roam freely at new railway stationThe Hubli railway station recently had a makeover at a cost of Rs 26 crore and the renovated station was inaugurated on October 13 by chief minister Jagadish Shettar and the railway minister with much fanfare.However, even after facelift, problems like lack of amenities and stray dog menace still persist here and the station fails to offer the much-needed comfort to passengers.The lackadaisical attitude of the authorities to maintain cleanliness on the premises is compounding the woes of passengers who are forced to share the platform with canines. The railway station has now become a safe haven for stray dogs. They roam freely on the platforms, causing nuisance and spreading panic among the passengers.Lack of facilities Though the main building of the railway station is constructed at a cost of Rs 16 crore, a lot of work is still pending. There are no adequate chairs on the platforms for the passengers waiting for trains. It is inconveniencing the aged, women and the disabled, who are left with no option, but sit on the ground or on the grills of the subway.\"Though the station is renovated, the premise is not maintained properly. Basic facilities like drinking water and seating are ignored. Taps are either defunct or leaking. Passengers also add fuel to the chaos, by indiscriminately dumping waste near the tap. It is attracting stray dogs in large numbers. The railway authorities should keep the area clean and curb stray dog menace,\" Santosh Pawar, a businessman, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17109635", "title": "The idea of 100 Tests gives lot of confidence: Harbhajan", "text": "MUMBAI: Back in the team, back among wickets. That's how the day went for off-spinner Harbhajan Singh as the national selectors paved way for his comeback into the Test squad on Monday and the bowler complimented the decision by picking three wickets in Punjab's innings victory over Hyderabad in Mohali.Speaking to TOI after hearing the news of his selection and the day's wickets, an elated Harbhajan said \"the timing couldn't have been better.\"The spinner is two Tests short of 100 and incidentally the selectors picked the squad for the first two Tests against England, as against their earlier decision to name the 15 only for the first Test.\"I believe all things somehow always happen at the right time,\" he said, looking forward to the season ahead.It's been a tough season for Harbhajan whose Champions League campaign with Mumbai Indians ended disastrously. The bowler returned from South Africa and immediately joined his Ranji teammates in Punjab, but went without wickets in Hyderabad's first innings.The second innings, however, changed the script, and the selectors keeping his experience in mind - picked the bowler. \"I am looking forward to the season. I see this as a fresh start once again,\" he said.The bowler is emotionally drained at the thought of nearing 100 Tests and that he says is \"a huge inspiration.\"\"The whole idea of playing 100 Tests instills a lot of confidence and makes you feel very good about being a Test cricketer. I certainly believe this confidence will help me get back with a lot of renewed energy and form,\" Harbhajan said.Despite being called back into the Team India fold for the World Twenty20, Harbhajan says it's always a different high when the Test selection happens. \"This is a format which is most challenging. It's a different ballgame altogether,\" he said.After former India captains Anil Kumble and Kapil Dev , Harbhajan is India's third highest wicket-taker in Test cricket with 406 scalps. His 400th wicket came in India's third and last Test on the tour of West Indies.However, post the England tour that followed, the off-spinner's poor form had put of out of the selectors' favour, until this comeback. India is most likely to present the visiting England team a turning track, notwithstanding their own offie Graeme Swann.Keeping that prospect in mind, Harbhajan will look forward to a spot in the playing eleven.\"We (India) should play to our strength and we should have wickets, which support the spinners and it has been a long time that such kind of wickets have been produced in India,\" he said.Harbhajan believes this England series will allow him to finally complete a dream. \"Though I have played the World Twenty20 but I always wanted to play Test cricket. It has always been my dream to complete my hundred test matches and to do well in Test cricket. I have got another opportunity to play for India again in whites and I just can't wait to get there with the team and to do my best,\" he said.- with inputs from Hindol Basu", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17109207", "title": "Fare ride: Citizens hail autos with recalibrated e-meters, shun mechanical ones", "text": "MUMBAI: Commuters are becoming increasingly choosy when it comes to travelling by autorickshaws. They seem to prefer three-wheelers with the new recalibrated e-meters (with yellow stickers) to ones with the older e-meters and many have completely stopped hailing autos that have the archaic mechanical meters.While union leaders claim that business has not been affected by the recent fare hike, drivers of three-wheelers with the old mechancial meters choose to differ. Many say they nowadays prefer to stand at share auto stands as the meter is of no significance on shuttle routes. Besides, the demand for share autos has gone up following the fare revision.Commuters confirmed the meter discrimination. \"If I have to travel long distances, I first ensure that the meter is a recalibrated one with a yellow sticker and RTO seal. If the auto has such a meter, I am certain that I will pay the exact fare and not an inflated one,\" said Vedanta Mishra, a commuter.Debolina Dash said she recently travelled from the airport to her house, a distance of 22 km. \"I calculated the fare on my mobile and it came to Rs 217; the driver took Rs 221. When I checked the new e-meter, the waiting time displayed was 4 minutes, which explained the additional charge of Rs 4. The fare was appropriate and I was happy,\" she said.Amit of Borivli said he boards only those autos that have the recalibrated meters. \"I don't mind waiting for a few minutes to get such an auto. It's worth it,\" he added.State transport commissioner V N More is keen that all meters are recalibrated by the November 25 deadline. \"The new e-meters are user-friendly and one does not require a tariff card at all. Also, computing fares is easier,\" he said.Drivers of autos with the new e-meters also seem to be happy. \"Passengers have nothing to complain about now,\" said one of them.Meter with yellow stickerA recalibrated e-meter (with a yellow sticker) will show an exact fare of Rs 15 for the minimum distance. The older e-meters show Rs 12 and you have to refer to a tariff card to get the equivalent fare. You do not have to depend on a tariff card for a recalibrated e-meterA recalibrated meter will charge you for every additional 100 m. The older electronic and mechanical meters charge you for every additional 200 mA recalibrated meter will show the waiting time and you can compute the waiting charge at Re 1 per minute. An old mechanical meter will not show you the waiting timeThe new e-meters are tamper-proof and commuters have so far not complained of any foul play. Complaints are common with the older meters, especially the mechanical onesIt is easier to calculate fares on the new e-meters. Multiply the distance travelled (flashed on the screen) with Rs 9.87; add the waiting charge to this and you get the exact fare. It is not so easy to compute fares in the case of mechanical meters", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17107446", "title": "Kolkata prisons may soon boast of ISD facilities", "text": "KOLKATA: The state prison authorities have proposed to the state home department to install international calling facilities in Presidency, Alipore and Dum Dum correctional homes which house nearly 2,246 foreign prisoners.\"A proposal has been submitted to the West Bengal home department, seeking approval to install ISD facilities in these Dum Dum, Presidency and Alipore Centralcorrectional homes which house a large number of foreign inmates,\" inspector general of police (correctional homes), Ranveer Kumar, said.\"It is not possible for the relatives of these inmates to frequently meet them. There are some who have not seen their relatives since becoming inmates.If the facility is installed, it will help them get over their loneliness,\" he added. There are around 2,200 Bangladeshis, 10 Pakistanis and 36 citizens of Nigeria, South Africa and Myanmar in the three city correctional homes.A 2010 NCRB count showed that West Bengal topped the country when it came to jailed foreigners. The report had said that at 948, the highest number of foreigner convicts was reported from West Bengal. Punjab at 119 came a second. Ditto for the foreigners lodged as undertrial prisoners. The highest number of such undertrials was reported from West Bengal (760) followed by A&N; Islands (494).The IGP pointed out that a huge proportion of the foreign convicts are Bangladeshis and many have already completed their sentence.\"A major trouble during the repatriation process is that their homes can't be authenticated. Most of these prisoners are migrant labourers. If we have a phone number of their relatives, it can be forwarded to the Bangladesh mission for verification,\" Kumar said.The state government has taken up the matter of repatriation of foreign prisoners who've served their sentence with the ministry of external affairs. Names of 430 prisoners have been forwarded to the external affairs ministry for repatriation to Bangladesh.When asked about security concerns, the IGP said, \"There will only be one or two such booths in the prison. The inmates have to give prefixed numbers in advance and their entire call will be recorded and monitored.\" If the project secures approval of the state home department, the inmates will be allowed to make five calls per week, each call having a maximum duration of 10 minutes.The IGP, however, made it clear the proposal was only from the inmates' point of veiw. \"There could be other aspects which need to be dealt with other agencies,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17107840", "title": "Such modesty", "text": "Looks like labour minister Danam Nagender is only too particular about ensuring that every grain he donates bears his name. At the recently-held national boxing tournament in the city, all the 'T' shirts worn by the 1000 odd participants and officials of the event, had the minister's name inscribed on them. Reason? Nagender had helped the organisers get a fund of Rs 50 lakh from the state government. But it did not end with just an imprint. Even the stadium was 'spruced up' with larger-than-life banners and posters of the not-so-modest labour minister, who seemed to make no bones about his 'contribution' to the sporting event. In fact, on the sidelines of the national tourney, Nagender was also heard narrating his magnanimous gestures that included sponsoring badminton ace Saina Nehwal when she had no other brand to back her up. That it was he who helped a bunch of sportspersons live their dream of participating in the Japan Open was also something he did not fail to mention.Dengue bytesAfter Bollywood biggie Yash Chopra succumbed to a dengue attack, no awareness drive for the ailment seemed complete without a picture of the director. In Hyderabad, local channels went on an overdrive flashing crude graphics of Chopra being stung by a mosquito all through the day, in their attempt to caution denizens about the deadly disease. But soon, not all seemed too happy with an 'outsider' eating up airtime and instead began their search for a local celeb to replace Chopra. So, as soon as news about Cyberabad commissioner Dwaraka Tirumal Rao being \"unwell\" got out, rumour mongers hoping to cash in on the story, went to town with their own 'version' of his ailment. Some even declared that Rao was down with a serious bout of dengue and was admitted in hospital for treatment. And just when people started to worry if Hyderabad would see a repeat of Mumbai, it turned out that the commissioner only had the regular flu. Talk about imaginations running wild.Bond, interruptedThe first day, first show experience for a bunch of ardent 007 fans, who walked in to an upmarket city theatre last week, ended in much disappointment. What seemed to get their goat were preachy disclaimers about 'cigarette smoking' that kept popping up on the screen every now and then, either interrupting a classic James Bond chase sequence or abruptly ending a crucial twist in the narrative. These out-of-nowhere advertisements showing tar being squeezed out of a blackened sponge (depicting lungs) in to a beaker, clearly failed to amuse the audience, who almost thought they were sitting through a lesson on lung cancer. And the strenuously long length of the ads only made matters worse. In fact, at one intense juncture of the Mendes' blockbuster the crowds mistook this ad for an interval, only to realize otherwise a few minutes later. Sadly those who had dashed out for a quick refill of coke and popcorn by then had to make do with missing a few brilliantly crafted dialogues. Can we leave the dramatics to agent Craig, please?Back to realityLooks like the 'cynic's' prediction of the multi-crore makeover that Hyderabad underwent for CoP-11, was not quite off the mark. As foreseen, city roads have already lost their freshly-tarred look and are back to their crater-ridden ugly self. The almost surreal bump-free rides that commuters enjoyed for exactly two weeks, during the international summit, are now a thing of the past. And unlike at the time of CoP when after every late-night downpour municipal workers were found crowding the streets the next morning trying to 'patch up' an exposed manhole or crack, there is no such activity visible these days. Rain, hail or thunder, the roads continue to lie in neglect almost as if they have suddenly been orphaned. Even the decorative pieces hurriedly built along road medians -- the fountains on Road No 1, Banjara Hills, for instance -- are breeding algae now, well literally. What else explains the not-so-pleasant greenish water flowing out of these fountains, which themselves have become an eye-sore for passersby. Time for another touch-up session, we think!Whither unhappy service?It was with much fanfare that the State Bank of India had launched its 'Unhappy' text message service and coaxed its customers to text 'unhappy' each time they were dissatisfied with their experience at any SBI branch. The bank had even set up a 'Happy Cell' with the sole purpose of reaching out to customers and resolving their issues in 48 hours flat. Many assumed that the bank was indeed turning a new leaf and embracing customer service to outdo other banks in this competitive market. But it didn't take long for the bank to lose its newfound love for customers. Those who have sent 'unhappy' text messages to the bank in the recent past have not heard from the glorified 'Happy Cell,' well even after the promised 48-hour deadline lapsed. Great customer service, indeed.Everybody likes a good saleThose zipping past a high-end textile store, located in a plush corner of the city, on Saturday morning were left befuddled at the sight outside it. In what seemed like a scene straight out of the American comedy flick 'Confessions of a Shopaholic', the retail outlet had a queue of eager customers impatiently waiting to make their way in to the store that flashed a '60 per cent off on every garment' board. While sales around the year are known to attract thick crowds with malls almost turning in to a sea of humanity, the Saturday rush was a first for Hyderabad. Right from the time the shutters went up at 8 am, a large gang of young shoppers were seen crowding the store. And their numbers only swelled with every passing hour. By evening, as the word of the mega sale spread, a few hundred people had queued up to take their pick. That most went back satiated was evident from the many bags each was seen carrying while stepping out of the outlet. The happy smiles' too were hard to miss.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17107186", "title": "Future of 81 students at stake as ex-couple spars", "text": "MUMBAI: Children are usually the bone of contention in marital disputes before the Bombay high court. In a rare case on Monday, it was the fate of 81 city students which hung in balance as warring spouses -both educationists -are at odds. \"Do not let your internal disputes affect education of students,\" a division bench of Justice Dhananjay Chandrachud and Justice Rajesh Ketkar advised Shivajirao Jondhale and his estranged wife Vaishali. While Shivajirao is the president of the Samarth Samaj Trust which runs the S H Jondhale Polytechnic in Dombivli, Vaishali is its secretary. \"It is the students who suffer,\" the court reminded the couple.The 81 students were admitted to the college for the Diploma in Polytechnic course earlier this year for the academic year 2012-2013. As per the terms agreed before the high court in August 2012, Shivajirao and Vaishali had to sign the final list of students before forwarding it to the state director of technical education (DTE). Shivajirao refused to sign alleging various violations. The DTE declined to confirm the admissions, following which Vaishali and the students approached the high court. With the first semester exams scheduled for later this month, the students claimed their future was at stake.\"The admissions were given after the cut-off date and were a violation of rules,\" Shivajirao's lawyers told the court. The judges, however, advised the parties to consider the plight of students. \"It may be a case of personal egos, but don't let it come in the way of the educational institution,\" said the court. The high court asked the DTE to consider the admission forms of the 81 students and verify if they complied with all the rules and if the admissions were given on the basis of merit without charging any capitation fee or donation.The Jondhales, who run 23 educational institutions, have been involved in a family feud with Shivajirao on one side and Vaishali and their two sons on the other. Both parties have filed criminal complaints against each other. Shivajirao had approached the high court in 2010, alleging his son Sagar had used the trust's funds to buy a speed boat for Rs 38 lakh. The court ordered a CID inquiry in which Saagar and Viashali were named as accused. The Supreme Court provided them reprieve. Earlier this year, Saagar and his brother filed a complaint against Shivajirao and others alleging sexual and physical abuse of a minor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17109449", "title": "Two students drown in canal near Tirutani", "text": "CHENNAI: Two school students drowned in a canal in Thiruvalankadu near Tiruttani in separate incidents on Saturday and Sunday.In one of the incidents, Meganathan, 12, a resident of Tiruttani, slipped into a seasonal canal in Narthavada village and drowned on Saturday. Meganathan had gone to the canal to fish with his friends. The canal had a lot of water after the recent rains. Police said some of his friends told the investigators that Meganathan fell in after the earth under his feet gave way. He didn't know how to swim, and was washed away.In another incident, a Class 1 student Dheenadayalan, 5, of Raja Padmapuram, drowned in the canal when he was playing by his grandmother Shanthi who was washing clothes on Sunday. Shanthi searched for her grandson, and when she couldn't find him, cried for help. A few neighbours later found the dead body in the canal, in a distance.There was tension in the village after the residents blocked roads protesting against the fire and rescue workers' inability to trace Meganathan's body. The body was traced later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "gadchiroli", "code": "17108000", "title": "Birth pangs in Gadchiroli district", "text": "GADCHIROLI: Either the statistics are doctored or it is just another example of still born government schemes, but the infant mortality rate (IMR) in Gadchiroli district has remained high despite a leap in deliveries in hospitals and clinics. The situation raises several questions about the functioning of village sub-centres, primary health units (PHUs) and centres (PHCs), which are at the forefront of the fight against infant and mother mortality.The district health department says the IMR was around 38-39 per 1,000 live births in rural areas before 2007, when institutional delivery was as low as 27-28%. The 2011 statistics show that institutional deliveries rose to around 82%, but the IMR still hovers at around 36 per 1,000 live births in the rural areas. The mother mortality rate (MMR) was not alarming, but remains around 1.5 per 1,000 cases.A senior medical officer (MO) posted in the district said on condition of anonymity that it was shocking that despite such a rise in institutional deliveries there was not much significant decrease in IMR. \"Logically, when more births take place under medical supervision and in the presence of paramedical staffers, the numbers of infant deaths should go down,\" he said.He said a proper survey is needed to find the factual position and cross check records. He said, \"Manipulation of statistics cannot be ruled out, to justify the funds spent. False declarations are possible, since the posting of some paramedical staffers under National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) is dependent on their performance and target fulfilment in delivery cases.\"One of the main objectives of NRHM, implemented through district health department in Gadchiroli, is to bring down IMR and MMR. Several measures, apart from substantial fund flow, have been implemented, including addition of delivery rooms in sub-centres and in every primary health centre (PHC) across the district.Every sub-centre was also provided an auxiliary nurse midwife (ANM) to increase institutional deliveries and discourage child birth at home among the local population. The ANM were also given specific targets to fulfil. In many areas, ambulances were provided to ensure that expecting mothers are safely and quickly ferried to either a sub-center, PHU or PHC.Gadchiroli district collector Abhishek Krishna, though, interpreted the situation differently and defended his health department and staffers. \"The rise in institutional delivery has also meant that more deaths are being reported. Some of these deaths would never have been reported earlier. The current IMR graph has stabilized, and is sure to dip now,\" he said. \"There are some issues in some health units, of course, which we are trying to sort out,\" he said.A big issue facing Krishna has been irregularities in posting of health department staffers. He had to direct the zilla parishad and his health department to cancel all deputations and temporary adjustments at the district level. The collector intervened after Gadchiroli subdivisional officer (SDO) Kiran Kulkarni found gross violation of the deputation norms during her tour of the interiors.A deputation order can be sanctioned only by the divisional commissioner or with his approval. The temporary adjustments too are meant for a short, specific period. However, some personnel had been misusing the provision to remain at a posting of their convenience for years together.To reiterate the law, a government resolution (GR) dated March 28 asked all district administrations to strictly adhere to the norms of deputations. Later, another government ruling was issued, empowering the zilla parishad's chief executive officer (CEO) to recruit and post taluka health officers.Despite the March 28 strictures, a reliable source in the health department claims deputation norms continue to be violated. TOI learnt during a recent tour of the district that over half-a-dozen MOs were shifted on deputation after the stricture was passed. \"The ZP CEO needs to inform the government if he wants to shift a MO of group 'A', but many such postings have been manipulated, flouting norms,\" said a source.Recently, Gadchiroli health department faced embarrassment after a MO was posted as taluka health officer (THO) despite several complaints and an inquiry pending against him over his tenure at a primary health unit at a village in Dhanora taluka. After an outcry, the doctor was sent back to the PHC.A MO, who had completed his post-graduation, complained that he was surprised on returning from training to see his post had been given to another and he had been transferred. \"MD doctors were attached to different postings after they came back,\" he said.The senior MO added that postings in Gadchiroli are controlled by a handful with strong political clout, ignoring all norms. \"Some medical officials and their favoured staffers always get posted in an around Gadchiroli town, while others are sent to the interiors,\" said the disgruntled MO.In a farcical situation, it is learnt that the government is eyeing ISO certification for some of its subdistrict hospitals, even though lack of specialists has compelled authorities to keep several in-house units closed. \"We have been unable to measure up to even Indian norms, and are trying to reach for a higher goal, while the health services suffer,\" said a senior government doctor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17109192", "title": "PG student run over by train near Saidapet", "text": "CHENNAI: A 23-year-old post-graduate student was run over by an EMU train near Saidapet on Sunday.Police said Janardhanam, a resident of Samiyar Thottam near Saidapet, had gone to the house of his friend Kumarvel in the same locality to attend the death anniversary of the latter's father. After a while, he stepped out of the house and on to the nearby railway track to attend a nature's call when he failed to notice a speeding EMU going from Tambaram towards Chennai Beach and was hit.Janardhanam had completed his B.Com and had enrolled for M.Com through a distance education programme at an university, police said.When he didn't return for a long time, Kumaravel and his friends launched a search and found his smashed body on the railway tracks. On receiving the information, the Egmore railway police visited the spot. A case was registered.According to railway police sources, Kodambakkam, Pallavaram-Chromepet and Urapakkam on the Chennai Beach-Chengalpet suburban section remain the deadliest points. Most of those killed in accidents on this line were in the 18-30 age group and many were talking on mobile phones while crossing tracks, the sources said. More than 40% of the total accidents on the Beach-Chengalpet line occurred within the limits of these stations.Most youngsters wear headphones and don't hear an approaching train until it is too late, said a railway official. \"It is not possible to stop a train immediately unlike a bus. Even after the brakes are applied, the train comes to a halt only after travelling a certain distance,\" said a railway police inspector.Besides, the many human habitations on both sides of the tracks are a big threat. Residents of slums near Kodambakkam station and migrant workers in Urapakkam use dismantled or unused metre gauge tracks as toilets and often become victims of train accidents, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17108966", "title": "Reality show winners turn role models for children", "text": "RANCHI: Reality show participants who carve a niche for themselves through roaring popularity, audience support and votes are the new role models of the children of Ranchi. Seeing Alisha Singh, Saumya, Meiyang Chang, Amit Sana and many others ride the wave of fame within few episodes have made these kids realize how easy it is to earn money and hog the limelight.Pari Mehra, an 11 year old said, \"I went to the auditions for a dance reality show last year but the judges did not like my performance. I have been working harder since and will again try for the next auditions.\"Performing arts is witnessing a new high leading to mushrooming dance and music academies in the city. Shalima Munzani, director of a dance academy, said, \"Earlier too people enrolled into our classes but after the rise in popularity of reality shows and so many winners from Jharkhand, the number of enrolments has doubled.\"There are more than 150 dance and music academies in the city most of which opened after the popularity of reality shows. These shows have not only encouraged academies to spring up but also helped homemakers revive their childhood passion. Shikha Verma, a homemaker turned dance teacher, said, \"I participated in many dance programmes in my college days and I am a good dancer. The certificates I have to name for excelling in dance were never made any use of after my marriage.\"It was because of the craze among people to see their kids in dance reality shows that Shikha got a chance to present her skills. She said, \"One day a neighbour came to me and was discussing her plans to enroll her daughter to a dance class. That is when I decided to teach the girl myself. Word spread and people started sending their children to me. So I decided to start a full fledged dance class.\"Because of reality shows new age dance forms such as hip hop and Bollywood style have gained popularity over the tried and tested classical steps. Renowned dancer Vipul Nayak, who runs a dance academy in the city, said, \"Earlier, students interested to learn this art form came to us to start from the basics of classical dance. But nowadays many come just to learn some contemporary and Bollywood steps.\"This surge in extra curricular activities leaves little time for children to enjoy their play sessions or to concentrate on studies. Ten-year-old Shantanu Mitra said, \"I do not get time to play with my friends from the colony. They come out to play at 5 in the evening and I have to attend my dance classes then.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17108850", "title": "Margao fuel pump owners get 2 weeks to submit plan", "text": "MARGAO: South Goa collector N D Agarwal has granted two weeks for all petroleum companies with fuel stations located within Margao to submit their plans for relocation of the fuel outlets to the outskirts of the city.Speaking to TOI after chairing a meeting of the representatives of the Indian Oil Corporation ( IOC ), Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Ltd ( HPCL ) and Bharat Petreoleum Corporation Ltd ( BPCL ) on Monday, Agarwal said that petroleum companies have asked for some time to submit their proposals over relocation of their fuel stations.\"We have been holding talks with the petroleum companies for relocation of the fuel stations for a long time, and Monday's meeting was held to take review of their plans. Seven petrol pumps located within the city limits of Margao will have to be relocated to the outskirts. They have asked for two weeks time to submit their proposals and it has been granted,\" Agarwal said adding that appropriate steps would be taken once the petroleum companies submit their plans.The petroleum companies had, in the past meetings, informed the district administration that their search for alternative lands was on and that they would shift the petrol stations to the city outskirts once appropriate lands are identified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17107459", "title": "Race for Congress: 6 Indian-Americans seek to create history", "text": "WASHINGTON: Six Indian-Americans are in the race for a seat in the US House of Representatives, with the latest polls and mainstream media saying that three of them have bright chances of winning.Elections will be held for all 435 seats, representing the 50 US states on November 6.Ami Bera, the Democratic Party candidate from California's seventh Congressional District, is said to have the best chances to win the Congressional elections. Pitted against incumbent Republican Dan Lungren , Bera has outraised his opponent.So far only two Indian-Americans have been elected to the US Congress. Dalip Singh Saund was the first Indian-American elected to the House of Representatives in 1950s, while Bobby Jindal , now the Louisiana governor, was the second one.Bera is followed by Republican young gun Ricky Gill, in the neighbouring California's ninth Congressional District.Gill who barely managed to turn 25 to file his nomination papers is trying to unseat three-term incumbent Democrat Jerry McNerney.A weak Republican candidate in Michigan's 11th Congressional District has brightened the chances of Democratic Dr Syed Taj, who hails from Bihar and is the younger brother of Syed Shahbuddin. Taj has his Republican rival Kerry Bentivoli to contend with.Contesting for the second consecutive time from Pennsylvania's Sixth Congressional District, Iraq war veteran Dr Manan Trivedi of the Democratic Party has been given a \"Lean Republican\" status by The New York Times.New Jersey's Democratic candidate Upendra Chivukula's seat has been determined as \"Lean Republican\" by Real Clear politics. Jack Uppal, a Democratic candidate from California's fourth Congressional District, is probably the weakest of the six Indian-American candidates in fray.Woman, 99, set to vote for first timeBetter late than never! A 99-year-old woman in the US has lived through 24 presidential elections, but has chosen this year's close contest to cast her first ballot. Rosie Lewis, of Fort Myers, Florida, who received her ballot in the mail, got some help from a family friend to register and credits the election of President Barack Obama in 2008 for inspiring her to cast her first vote this time, NBC reported. Her vote could be crucial as a photo finish to the White House was predicted by final US poll surveys.After Sandy, another storm threatens USDays after Sandy devastation in US eastern coast, another strong coastal storm threatens to hit the region this week and could result in high winds, flooding and power outages. Though there is still uncertainty over its exact course and timing, the storm could bring windy conditions with high winds in the range of 50 miles per hour. \"While there is still some uncertainty regarding the track and timing of the storm in the Northeast, substantial impacts are expected,\" the National Weather Service said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17108247", "title": "Housing society gets notice over lapses", "text": "GURGAON: After carrying out a detailed audit of Karamyogi Cooperative Group Housing Society in Sector 10 A, the registrar of cooperative housing societies has now issued a notice to the CGHS president RK Hooda.TOI has a copy of the audit report prepared by the inspector audit, Gurgaon. Several discrepancies have been found in the maintenance of records and accounts of the society. The society members have alleged bungling of lakhs of rupees by the president. Hooda and the society members have been called on November 7 by the registrar's office.The audit report found that 14 members submitted registry papers of their flats in support of their claim of membership, but their names are missing in the society records. The report has suggested a probe to find out how the 14 members were included but never figured in the records. The report also mentions about an illegal bank account of the society in Gurgaon.It was also found that out of five management committee posts, two are lying vacant in violation of the society act. The report has found a member, Harinder Kumar, as custodian of the society records but the records were actually submitted by an another member, Dharambir. The management committee has not held any meeting in the past two years. The society records books have blank pages, a serious violation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17107509", "title": "Valmiki inspires Chitrangada, but cop finds the going tough", "text": "KOLKATA: Alokananda Ray's Valmiki Pratibha, a dance drama with prisoners, has been shortlisted for the inaugural programme of Kolkata Film Festival. Not only has Ray's pioneering work to reform convicts been adapted into the much-acclaimed movie 'Muktodhara', reformed convict Nigel Akkara - who played Valmiki in the play and bagged a crucial role in the film - is today a household name. But is the society just as willing to give everybody a chance?Sarbari Bhattacharya, an inspector who heads the CID's anti-human trafficking unit, shares Ray's vision and undertook a similar initiative, though not of the magnitude of Valmiki Pratibha. Bhattacharya's efforts to rehabilitate victims of human trafficking - some of whom she herself rescued from brothels in New Delhi and Uttar Pradesh - has hit a huddle after successfully staging the first performance of Chitrangada in Rabindra Sadan three days ago. Funds and sponsors are difficult to come by.\"I had come across news clips that Ray's Valmiki Pratibha will be staging its 50th show. I approached my superiors seeking permission to arrange a similar dance drama with the victims we rescued. It really pains me to think that even after being rescued, these young girls have no takers in our society,\" said Bhattacharya.Bhattacharya found encouraging help from two NGO-run homes, Sanlap in Narendrapur and Mahima in Joka. She shortlisted 22 girls - aged 14 to 22 - for the play. She had herself rescued three of them. \"I spent my Durga Puja training them for the dance drama. Yes , we were apprehensive, but the enthusiasm of these young girls overcame everything.\" It was perhaps symbolic that Bhattacharya essayed Arjun in their portrayal of Chitrangada.Chitrangada proved to be a success with DGP (CID) V V Thambi visibly moved by the efforts. For Bhattacharya, the question now is what next. \"The objective will be achieved if the girls find a professional and an emotional outlet in these. And now, everyone has an idol in Nigel Akkara. But it's very tough to replicate what Ray and Nigel have achieved, though we would like to. My assessment says it will require about Rs 50,000 per show to stage this dance drama properly. That is difficult without financial support. But it also pains me to think that this effort can't be sustained. The enthusiasm of these girls and their vibrancy on stage are perhaps synonymous with their desires. I am an amateur dancer myself. Though I would have loved to be a professional dancer, but I had to prioritize the dreams of my middle-class parents and apply for a government job. And I believe, this will be a perfect way to rehabilitate these victims back to the mainstream and give them an identity,\" Bhattacharya said.Ray, having been through this turmoil earlier, understands Bhattacharya's predicament. \"As I started to work with these inmates, the emotional bonds grew stronger. For most, I became a mother. It is very symbolic that the first Valmiki Pratibha play took nine months in the making. Yes, professionally I had to forgo a lot for it. Perhaps I took lesser vacations or went to lesser parties. But the sense of fulfilment overrides anything. It becomes family,\" Ray said.Even for the renowned dancer who has been performing for nearly half-a-century now, finances were a constraint. \"Many a time, I had to pay on my own. Later, we created a business development fund. So whenever we were asked to stage Valmiki Pratibha, we asked the organisers to donate Rs 1 lakh to this fund. Gradually, we are trying to give it a shape of a self-sustaining franchise. And of course, the way in which people from all walks of life came forward to help was moving. I perhaps lit a spark, but then it is everyone who made it glow,\" she smiled.Whether Bhattacharya can replicate her mentor is yet to be seen, but this 'hardened' cop hasn't lost hope yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17110070", "title": "Bhupathi, Bopanna and Paes, Radek set for action", "text": "LONDON: The Indians - Leander Paes , Mahesh Bhupathi and Rohan Bopanna - in the field of the Barclays ATP World Tour Finals will swing into action at The O2 Arena on Tuesday in a high-voltage schedule that promises plenty.With the doubles matches preceding singles in the season-ending event, Bhupathi and Bopanna take on Wimbledon champions Britain's Jonathan Marray and Dane Fredrik Nielsen in a Group B clash that opens the day session while Paes and Czech Stepanek Radek will play Pakistan's Aisam-Ul-Haq Qureshi and Dutchman Jean Julien Rojer at the start of the evening session.Bhupathi and Bopanna, who arrived in London late on Sunday, following their stirring win in Paris earlier on the Sabbath day, hit the practice court first thing on Monday morning. Bhupathi said, \"The court is playing very similar to last week, it's only bouncing slightly higher.\"The all-Indian pairing, however, will need to hit stride quickly in a format that despite its round robin status doesn't allow for too many lapses.Paes and Stepanek, the in-form pairing of the championship , logged in Group A with American twins Bob and Mike Bryan , will open their campaign against Paris finalists Qureshi and Rojer, not the easiest of combines to put away.On the other hand, the No.3 ranked duo have experience on their side and won't be looking trifle on a stage that is all about tough questions.Meanwhile in the latest rankings, the Bhupathi-Bopanna pairing have climbed three places to the No.5 position, thanks to their win in the Paris Masters. Paes and Stepanek held on to the third slot. In the individual ranking , Paes climbed one place to No. 3, while Bhupathi vaulted five places to No.11 and Bopanna held on to the No.12 slot.In the opening day's action, the No.2 pairing of Canada's Daniel Nestor and Max Mirnyi of Belarus , logged in Group B, rallied to score over Sweden's Robert Lindstedt and Romania's Horia Tecau 4-6 , 7-6 (7-1 ), 12-10 in 1 hour and 36 minutes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17109223", "title": "Some fleet cab firms charge old rates", "text": "MUMBAI: With the hike in fleet cab fares coming into effect from Monday, some operators have started charging the new tariff while others have decided to wait till the meters of their taxis are recalibrated.The firms that have started charging the revised fares include TabCab; prominent among the ones that haven't is Meru. This means commuters can pay the old rates for a few more days if they use the services of firms like Meru.The fares were hiked by Rs 3 from Monday in keeping with a government circular. The revised charge\u00e2\u20ac\u201dfor fleet cabs that cost between Rs 5 lakh and Rs 8 lakh\u00e2\u20ac\u201dis Rs 27 (instead of Rs 24) for the first kilometer and Rs 20 (Rs 17 earlier) for every subsequent km.Explaining their stand, Meru Cabs CEO Siddhartha Pahwa said: \"The notification for the increase in fares is applicable from Monday. We have started the process of recalibration of meters, which should be completed in the next 10 days. As the interests of passengers and transparency are of utmost importance to us, the new fares will be charged only after the meters are recalibrated.\" The first set of Meru cabs will be recalibrated by Thursday.TabCab, which has started charging the new fares, is informing customers about the revision through its call centre. \"Whatever distance is shown on the e-meter, multiply it by 20. To this figure, add Rs 7 (as the fare for the first km is Rs 27),\" a senior company official said, assuring that commuters would not be charged anything extra.The new fares (minimum and subsequent km) for other categories of fleet cabs are: Rs 25 and Rs 18 (vehicles up to Rs 5 lakh); Rs 30 and Rs 23 (Rs 8-12 lakh); Rs 32 and Rs 25 (above Rs 12 lakh).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17109013", "title": "Munda approves Rs 34cr for road repairs", "text": "RANCHI: Chief minister Arjun Munda on Monday approved around Rs 34.70 crore for the repair of NH-23 and NH-31, the two highways connecting the state with Chhattisgarh and Madhya Pradesh.Munda approved the money on the second day of his Johar Yatra during which he would inspect welfare projects in Simdega and Gumla districts. The four-day tour of South Chotanagpur division - Ranchi, Gumla, Simdega and Lohardaga - will conclude on Wednesday. He will halt at Gumla at night.Around Rs 24.40 crore was approved for the repair of NH-23, while around Rs 10.34 crore was sanctioned for NH-31, a source in the chief minister's secretariat said. \"Keeping in mind the importance of the two roads which connect Chhattisgarh and Madhya Pradesh , the chief minister approved the road repair project,\" said the source.Munda said although the two roads were the property of the Centre and to be maintained by the National Highways Authority of India. \"I have asked the road construction department to make provision for repair of the two highways at the earliest,\" he said.Officials in the road construction department said three stretches of NH-23 and two stretches of NH-31 would be repaired with the funds provided by the state government.The CM also ordered for departmental proceedings against suspended assistant engineer Abhisek Shresth who was found guilty of torturing his wife. The engineer's wife had lodged a complaint with police alleging that she was tortured for dowry. \"During the enquiry by police, the allegations were found to be true. Based on the report, he ordered for departmental proceedings against the engineer,\" said an official in the CM's secretariat.'Ill' woman throws stone at CM's convoy: Simdega police on Monday arrested a mentally challenged woman after she threw a stone on the advance car of CM's convoy. SP Prabhat Kumar said the woman has been taken into custody. No one was injured and the CM was safe as his car was way behind the vehicle on which the stone was thrown. \" We have decided to take permission to admit her at a mental hospital, \" said he.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17109613", "title": "South\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s water woes to end", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Here's a good news for residents of the southern sectors. Potable water will no longer trickle, but stream during the supply hours. As, of the six underground water reserves the UT administration approved, five are located in the city's south.The six sites have been approved in sectors 29-C, 31-D, 39-B, 46-C, 47-A and 48-C. The reserves, which will have tube-well facilities, will be connected to over 20 sectors and colonies.Each of it will have a capacity to store 4.5 lakh litres of water which will be supplied daily to these areas. The development will mainly provide respite to those who stay on first, second and third floors.Municipal corporation commissioner Vivek Partap Singh said, \"We received the site details on Friday. Water shortage problem will not bother the southern sectors in the next summer.\"\"Work on these reserves has started. Their construction will be completed in three to four months and these will be made operational by April,\" said civic body chief engineer S S Bidda.The issue of clearance of their sites was pending since three years.It was approved after the matter was taken up in the monthly advisory committee meeting recently. Each reserve will come up at a cost of Rs 30 lakh to Rs 40 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17108895", "title": "Polio drive goes full throttle", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Transit teams on Monday administrated polio drops to children below 5 years of age at taxi and bus stands, railway stations, as well as to children living in under-construction houses and of nomads.Under the ongoing pulse polio campaign, the health teams also conducted door to door campaign and administered polio drops to children in rural and urban areas.The district administration has set the target of administering 9.59 lakh children of which 3.22 lakh were given the dose on the first day of the campaign on Sunday.A total of 1,309 and 485 teams have been constituted for rural and urban area respectively to conduct door to door campaign.On Monday, NCC cadets administered polio drops to children at Civil Lines. District immunisation officer (DIO) Dr Ashutosh Kumar said we have been carrying out door to door campaign to cover houses in city and dehat areas.District magistrate Raj Shekhar, meanwhile, asked health officers to achieve cent-per cent target to reach every child less than 5 years old.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17107883", "title": "Loan disbursal in the dist worst in three years", "text": "KOZHIKODE: A steep decline in loan disbursements by banks in the other priority sector (OPS) in the district, mirroring a state-wide trend, has caused concern among bankers and business community alike.The banks in the district have put up the worst performance in three years with regard to loan disbursals in critical sectors like housing, retail trade and small business, self- employment and professional business and educational loans which come under the OPS umbrella. The banks could disburse only 11% of their annual target of OPS loans- Rs 226 crores of the annual target of Rs 2018 crore, during the first quarter ending June 30, 2012. This was the lowest performance that was recorded in the sector since 2010.Banking industry sources say slump in loan disbursals is an indication of high interest rate hurting business sentiments and contributing to slowdown in the economy.\"The low level of performance in the other priority sector is a cause of concern as the loan off take in the sector reflects the overall business sentiments of the market. That apart, the OPS sector is a major employment generating sector. The market sentiment in the sector is a bit down currently and banks would have to devise a new strategy to increase lending in the priority sector,\" said O Raveendran, lead district manager.M A Mehaboob, president, Confederation of Real Estate Developers Association of India (CREDAI), Kozhikode Chapter, said that the high interest rates have had a dampening effect on housing loans and have prompted many local customers to desist from taking housing loans or defer property purchases.\"The low credit flow to housing sector due to high interest rates has impacted the local housing segment. Now only those who are in absolute need of homes are taking the purchase call. However, overall the property scene in the city has been able to remain stable due to the purchases made by NRK's,\" he added.Among the most hit has been the self-employment and professional business sector which could attain just 4% of the annual target of Rs 62.99 crores in the quarter. The housing loan sector has been able to disburse only 9 percent of the annual target with 59.98 crores during the quarter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17109039", "title": "Stock your wardrobe as you like, this Diwali", "text": "This festive season, stock your wardrobe with a unique collection of saris, kurtis and skirts specially designed as per your taste, by women entrepreneurs in Madurai.Three friends, Unnamalai, Srimathi and Sala, started their venture of selling saris, six years ago. Presently, they have their own little outlet Mangai in the outhouse of one of their homes in Visalakshipuram. The outlet that has been decorated in Chettinad style, has been sought after this festive season. \"We give new looks to old saris with our block prints and patchworks. The saris may range from Rs 500 to Rs 3,000 based on the nature of the work. From plain tussar to silk saris, all transform into beautiful and expensive looking ones through our handwork,\" says Unnamalai.S Usha, a regular buyer at Mangai, says the uniqueness of the saris attracts her here. \"You feel at home while shopping from their collection. These entrepreneurs have a good taste when it comes to designs. I have stopped buying saris from anywhere else,\" says Usha.Designer blouses with exquisite designs coupled with gold and silver brocade are also brought from North India by these entrepreneurs. These blouses have become an instant hit with women of all ages.\"I usually bring cotton, silk cottons and raw silk saris,\" says Sadhana of Reserve Line, who is also into sari selling from home. Sadhna says her customers find it easy to choose from a selection of good saris in a shorter time. She adds many customers also give their specifications, and come and pick it up from her place later.Krithika, a regular customer, says \"Choosing saris from these places is easier than searching through a hoarded variety on the counter of bigger shops.\"Most of the women entrepreneurs have no overheads to meet so they are able to give some of the expensive saris for a lesser price when compared to the shops. Jaya, who has brought a tussar silk from them says she would be the only one wearing a sari designed on a plain silk using motifs from her grandmother's silk sari.\"These entrepreneurs give us a chance to be unique during a festival, gone are the days when women wanted to have the same saris as her neighbours.\"While most of these women entrepreneurs have set up shops at their home, Jayanthi, another entrepreneur in this business, lacks this comfort of working from her cramped home in Mahal area. She sources designer saris from her agent and sells it to her customers. \"I give them credit. This makes buying a Rs2,000 sari easier. I go back on specific dates to collect the dues,\" she adds.Meanwhile, Sunaina from Anna Nagar, likes to do business with some pleasure, when she goes to Mumbai to visit her parents. \"I bring back saris and churidars according to the taste of my customers. I make a fairly good income as well through this,\" she adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "17109105", "title": "Alsatian to chase poachers out of Palamu Tiger Reserve", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Palamu Tiger Reserve (PTR) officials are mulling over the idea to chase poachers and timber thieves with the help of Tiger. This Tiger is a trained Alsatian which the PTR has with them. However, Tiger's trainer, Devraj Mahto, said the dog cannot be left in the open as it is capable of harming tourists visiting the PTR.Field director of PTR, S E H Kazmi is so disgusted by outsiders (not the tourists) roaming in the national park that he wants Tiger to be left in the open. He said, \"There is no other way to check this infiltration of men and their cattle inside the park.\" When told that it may lead to hostility between the wildlife management and local residents he said, \"It cannot be denied. But a day will come when order will be restored.\" The field director referred to Kaziranga where tough handling of outsiders has helped save many a rhinos there.At a cross section of two roads at the PTR there is a watch tower where seven unarmed trackers keep watch. They spend the night sitting on straw, spread over the upper floor of the watch tower.One of the trackers said, \"Once, we came across thieves with sawing machines for cutting the felled trees in the park. We chased them on foot.\" He said had Tiger been there chasing the thieves then surely one would have been caught.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17108664", "title": "HC upholds pre-Kerala Christian marriage law", "text": "KOCHI: Considering a petition filed by a couple, after their marriage registration was turned down by the authorities concerned, justice A M Shaffique of the Kerala high court on Monday ruled that a law proclaimed 92 years ago to govern marriages of Christians of the erstwhile Cochin state was valid even today.When Jinesh John from Alappuzha got a job offer as a teacher from Modern Indian School at Doha in Qatar, he applied for a family visa so that his wife could stay with him.As visa and emigration rules insist registration of marriage under a civil act, he approached the marriage registration officer for registration under the Cochin Christian Civil Marriage Act. He chose the law specifically as it stipulates notice of only four days and he had to reach Doha urgently before the offer expired. However, his application was turned down by the marriage registration officer at the sub registrar's office at Aluva. He then filed a petition at the HC through advocate Jeswin P Varghese, pointing out that the law was still valid and he should be allowed to register his marriage.The British-Indian administration had brought in a centralized law called Indian Christian Marriage Act in 1872, applicable to the whole of India. However, territories that were part of the State of Travancore-Cochin, Manipur, and Jammu and Kashmir before November 1, 1956 were excluded from the law.' Pointing out the lack of a uniform law in Kerala, the Law Reforms Commission headed by justice VR Krishna Iyer had framed The Kerala Christian Marriage Bill. Cochin Christian Civil Marriage Act is applicable to erstwhile Cochin area of the state but there is no similar enactment for the Travancore area, the commission had commented.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17106971", "title": "Don\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t hold commuters hostage, says HC, flays ad hoc fare hikes", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government faced the wrath of the Bombay high court on Monday for dithering over the appointment of a panel to decide auto and taxi fare hikes.\"Fare hikes cannot be ad hoc,\" a division bench of Justices Dhananjay Chandrachud and Rajesh Ketkar said. \"Consumers should have a voice and cannot be held hostage by show of strength on the streets,\" the judges said, summoning transport secretary Shailesh Sharma to the court for the next hearing on Tuesday.The court was hearing a public interest litigation filed by the Mumbai Grahak Panchayat challenging the P M A Hakim committee report and the October 11 fare increase\u00e2\u20ac\u201dthe third in 12 months. The high court had last week asked advocate general Darius Khambata to remain present in connection with the case.When asked about the committee, assistant government pleader S Shinde informed the court that the state was planning to file an affidavit placing on record the Hakim panel report and the wide-based consultations it had conducted before suggesting the fare hike.The state's dilly-dallying on the expert panel and its failure to comply with the court's earlier directions irked the judges. \"This is a matter of concern and not the way the government should behave,\" they said. The state told the court that no decision had been taken on forming the panel as transport secretary Shailesh Sharma was abroad. \"When important issues are going on how can your secretaries be abroad?\" the court said, summoning Sharma to remain present on Tuesday. Advocate Shinde assured the HC that he would speak to the secretary and find a solution.The court reiterated its suggestion that an expert panel not only formulate a plan for auto and taxi fare hikes but also go into the October 11 fare hike, which one of the highest increases in recent times. \"The fare hike system has to be scientific and institutionalised,\" said Justice Chandrachud. \"Fares cannot be hiked just because of pressure groups or some one is threatening a strike,\" the judge added. The court said with rising petrol prices, there might be justification to hike fares but the process should be transparent and consider the views of the consumers.The HC had, at an earlier hearing, questioned the state's decision to leave the question of fare hikes to a one-man committee. \"One man, even after broad-based consultations, may not be enough to ensure that safeguards are put in place and the price hike process is scientific,\" the judges had said on October 12, 2012, while suggesting a panel with experts who have a wide degree of expertise in costing, rating and finance as well as representatives of consumer groups.The new fare hike which came into effect last month saw a substantial increase in both minimum fares and the subsequent kilometre charges. The minimum fare went up from Rs 12 to 15 in case of autos and from Rs 17 to Rs 19 for taxis, while subsequent kilometre fares rose to Rs 9.87 for autos and Rs 12.35 for taxis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17107249", "title": "All crackers exceed sound limit: Govt study", "text": "MUMBAI: A central government study conducted earlier this year concluded that not a single firecracker available in the market was within the prescribed noise level limits set by the Supreme Court.A test of 846 firecrackers made by 144 manufacturers in Sivakasi, Tamil Nadu--the hub of firecracker production in the country-showed that the minimum noise level these generated was 120 decibels (dB) against the Supreme Court-mandated 105dB for a string of crackers. The noise limit for a single cracker is 125dB. The maximum noise these tested firecrackers generated was 146.8dB.The tests were carried out by the Petroleum and Explosives Safety Organization (PESO) in March this year. PESO tested firecrackers such as 'atom' bombs (King of King, King Kong, Hydrogen bomb, bullet bomb and other bombs both big and small; 'dynamite'; Chinese crackers (strings of 1,000, 2,000 and 5,000); maroons (Laxmi 3 1/2, Laxmi 4, Spiderman, Garuda and Parrot), among others.There are 700 firecracker factories in Sivakasi and only four PESO officers to test and monitor the products. Dr S M Mannan, controller of explosives, PESO, said, \"We are doing the best we can.\"Officials from the explosives department said their task was made more difficult by the fact that it is a cottage industry and firecrackers are manufactured manually. \"Right from the mixing of chemicals to filling them in tiny boxes and winding with a thread, everything is done manually. So the packaging of a firecracker is not uniform. Whatever samples were taken and found to exceed the noise levels, their batches were destroyed,\" said Mannan.Anti-noise activist and Awaaz Foundation convenor Sumaira Abdulali said the fact that all fire-crackers tested by the PESO exceeded the noise level limit indicated that sampling method was not a strong enough deterrent.\"It is not correct to say that because it is a cottage industry, it cannot be monitored better. The checks are not being done properly and the authorities need to come down heavily on the manufacturers so that they do not violate the Supreme Court orders.''PESO authorities said they will hold joint inspections in major cities along wi-th the local pollution control board and the police to colle-ct samples of fireworks at the retail level. \"However, the test results wi-ll be known much after the festival is over. Also, local authorities have to dr-aw up a schedule for jo-int inspection,'' said an official and added that with only 25 officers to do the inspection acro-ss the country, it would not be very sa-tisf-a-ctory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17107549", "title": "Missing architect found murdered in Nanded", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 32-year-old city-based architect, who had gone missing after leaving home on October 23, was found murdered in Nanded in neighbouring Maharashtra. The incident came to light on Monday after the Hyderabad police arrested the main accused in Nanded.The victim was identified as Hameed Mohiuddin of Saidabad. Hameed, a treasure-hunter, had lent Rs five lakh to his friends Ghouse Pasha and Ishaq of Bandlaguda. The duo failed to return the money and Hameed began pressuring them to return it.Unable to withstand the pressure from Hameed, the duo left the city and reached their native place, Nanded. However, Hameed followed them to Nanded and threatened to initiate legal proceedings against them.To get rid of Hameed, the duo hatched a plan to murder him. As per the plan, Ghouse called up Hameed on October 23 and asked him to come to Nanded to collect the money. Hameed reached Nanded the same day in an Indica car sent by them.In Nanded, Ghouse along with Ishaq, his son Shakeel and their friend Ramesh invited Hameed to hunt for a hidden treasure at a nearby hillock. After the group reached the hillock, they attacked Hameed with an iron rod and strangled him to death with a rope, Malakpet ACP Iqbal Siddiqi said.After failing to contact Hameed for a couple of days, his family members lodged a complaint with the Saidabad police on October 26. With the help of the victim's cell phone data, police zeroed in on Ghouse and arrested him in Nanded on Monday. Based on his confession, the decomposed body of Hameed was recovered from the murder spot. After the spot post-mortem, the mortal remains were handed over to his family members and police launched a man-hunt to nab the other absconding culprits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17108995", "title": "Granite scam: Govt petitions court", "text": "MADURAI: The single judge order allowing the granite companies to continue operating in Madurai was challenged by the Tamil Nadu government and the petition to this effect was filed in the Madurai bench of the Madras high court.The government submitted that the single judge had granted relief concerning the export-import licence as well as defreezing of bank accounts, without appreciating the fact that the main prayer of the petitioner (PRP Exports) was for removal of seal on its office as well as return of property, including the vehicles seized.The government alleged that the judge had erred in exercise of his jurisdiction, by granting other reliefs like de-sealing the building, in the face of various serious illegalities committed by PRP Exports and PRP Granites resulting in statutory violations, which were also observed by the same court in its impugned order.The judge had also overlooked the fact that the preliminary investigation was still on. He had also observed that the investigations conducted by the police was faulty. The building was sealed to prevent the accused from tampering with the records and documents. Further, the judge had directed the release of the bank accounts without a prayer being made for it. The petitioner had not challenged the freezing of the bank accounts. There was also no plea for relief regarding the restraining of exports and imports of the petitioner by the investigating officer, the government contended.A division bench of Justice K N Basha and Justice Devadoss posted the government's plea for hearing on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17109872", "title": "Teen mom's dad alleges he was attacked again", "text": "BANGALORE: The father of the teenage schoolgirl who gave birth to a baby after being raped by a neighbour, has alleged that he was attacked by some people near his Ramachandrapura house on Sunday night.The 13-year-old girl's plight had made news after she moved the Karnataka high court on being removed from school for giving birth to a baby. The court intervened and got the school to take back the girl, Baby (name changed).Her father, Syed Kareem, who had alleged he was under pressure from local community leaders to marry his daughter to the alleged rapist and was attacked once by strangers, has lodged a fresh complaint with the commissioner of police.Kareem said when he was returning to his house in Ramachandrapura on Sunday night, he found four persons waiting in an autorickshaw, and identified them as Tabrez, Saleem, Ameen and Anzar. The foursome allegedly attacked him.\"I had informed the local police and sought protection but they did not oblige,\" he alleged.The complaint to the commissioner said his daughter had been traumatized and had become too weak to attend school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "sivakasi", "code": "17108978", "title": "Two months on, Mudalipatti recovers with painful memories", "text": "SIVAKASI: An eerie silence engulfs the accident site at Mudalipatti village near Sivakasi, which witnessed one of the worst accidents in the fireworks units on September 5. The incident claimed 40 innocent lives and left nearly 70 injured. It's been two months since the incident took place and life has still not returned to normal for those who worked in various units inside the premises. The lone guards, two elderly men at the deserted and abandoned site, explain that there is nothing left in the premises. \"You can have a look if you want...there is nothing inside,\" says one of the guards.However, life goes on for others in the sleepy village as most of the elders are away for work at the other fireworks units, while children are seen playing in the streets. Adjacent to the accident site, the fireworks units are functioning in full throttle with workers gearing up to meet their deadlines before Diwali.\"The workers will continue with the fireworks units and the accidents are usual incidents here though Mudalipatti is the worst case,\" says R Lakshmanan from the village. \"After the accident, they kept away from the factories for a week but resumed works because there are no alternatives here,\" he says.Among the many injured in the incident, two are from Mudalipatti and their relatives claimed that they have not received any compensation. \"I have admitted my son in a private hospital. I have already spent Rs 2 lakh but he is yet to recover fully. He is the only bread winner in the family,\" says C Murugesan from the village. His son, Arumugam was one among the injured who rushed to the accident site for rescue works. M Veeralakshmi, 30, from Mudalipatti was injured in the accident and is yet to receive any benefits. A mother of three, she was working in a cape roll unit for a living but after the accident, she is crippled at home with serious injury in the leg. Veeralakshmi's family now depends on her husband's earnings who works in a fireworks unit. \"I have spent nearly Rs 1 lakh so far, but have not received anything from the govt,\" she said.After the accident, many promises were made to the villagers about improving the infrastructure facilities. But two months after the accident, the roads remain the same, with further damage due to the recent rains. \"For a week's time, officials after officials were visiting the village, measuring the roads etc, but after that no one came back this side. We are used to such kind of things,\" rues Lakshmanan.On the way to the village, Chandran, along with his two workers at Lakshmiapuram, are involved in drying the paper rolls not minding the hot sun. These paper rolls are dyed and supplied to the fireworks units for chemical filling later. \"The production has dipped after the incident as many units were suspended and many of the owners closed their units. This is the peak time to make some money,\" he states with a melancholic note. \"Every year accidents occur, people die; but life goes on as usual. We are used to such accidents and we have no other go than these firework units,\" he says as he gets busy with his work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17109917", "title": "Domestic Delights", "text": "SIDDHARTH KAUL (PUNJAB) (vs Hyderabad in Mohali)The Punjab medium-pacer accounted for five Hyderabad wickets, including that of VVS Laxman , to help his team destroy the visitors and win the tie by an innings and 68 runs, at the picturesque Punjab Cricket Association Ground, in Mohali, on Monday. The 22-year-old had gone wicketless in the first innings.VIRENDER SEHWAG (DELHI) (vs UP in Ghaziabad)Virender Sehwag returned to form with a swashbuckling 107 but saw his brilliant effort go in vain as UP romped home by six wickets. The 'Nawab of Najafgarh', who tried his best to save the day for his team while carrying a finger injury, hammered as many as 19 boundaries in his spectacular innings. He perished attempting another biggie.KAUSTUBH PAWAR (MUMBAI) (vs Railways in Mumbai)He may have failed in the first innings, but Kaustubh Pawar impressed in the second with a sparkling 85, even as Mumbai posted 250 for 5 on the fourth and final day of their Group A encounter against Railways, at the Wankhede Stadium on Monday. Pawar's 173-ball knock contained nine fours and one six. The match ended in a draw.HARBHAJAN SINGH (PUNJAB) (vs Hyderabad in Mohali)The veteran off-spinner celebrated his return to the Indian Test side by leading Punjab to an innings win over Hyderabad, in their opening group league match on Monday. Harbhajan grabbed 3 for 50 and gave able support to Siddharth Kaul, who had a five-wicket haul as Punjab crushed Hyderabad by an innings and 68 runs.H KANITKAR (RAJASTHAN) (vs Bengal in Kolkata)Defending champions Rajasthan had a disappointing start to their Ranji campaign, conceding three points to Bengal on the basis of first innings lead, after the match ended in a draw on Monday. But a fighting unbeaten 80 by skipper Hrishikesh Kanitkar saved Rajasthan the blushes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17108841", "title": "MMC begins work on parking plots", "text": "MARGAO: The Margao municipal council (MMC) has begun developing two plots at Maddel - one near the Colva circle and the other opposite the KTC bus stand - to make space for parking.Several trucks and earthmoving machines have been deployed at the sites by the MMC for landfilling and leveling since Sunday.MMC chief officer Srinet Kothwale said that at least 10,000 sq m will be made available for parking as a temporary arrangement. \"The land belongs to the MMC and was lying vacant for several years. It would get waterlogged during monsoons leading to breeding of mosquitoes and consequent health problems,\" Kothwale said. \"The land has been filled and leveled within two days with minimum cost as the mud has been made available for free. Once the land is leveled, rubble soling and bitumen tarring of the surface will be undertaken,\" MMC chairperson Arthur D'Silva said.Of the 22,000 sq m in possession of the MMC, 4,000 sq m near the Colva circle and some patches of land opposite the KTC bus stand are being developed as parking lots. Arrangements for parking of two-wheelers as well as four-wheelers will be done at the site. The MMC is undecided whether to offer the facility free-of-cost or to levy charges.The MMC proposal to set up parking plazas at KTC bus stand, the old pickup stand and the old fish market area is yet to realize. Sources said that officials of the Goa state urban development agency (GSUDA), which will undertake the project of a multi-level parking project at the old pickup stand, inspected the site recently. The 5,000 sq m of land there belongs to the town and country planning (TCP) department and will be handed over to the GSUDA soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17107559", "title": "No reply to RTI queries on tridents", "text": "KOLKATA: The trident light controversy got a new twist with the Kolkata Municipal Corporation sitting on an application filed under Right To Information (RTI) Act by former bureaucrat and Trinamool Congress MLA Dipak Ghosh seeking some 'uncomfortable' queries from the civic authorities on process of installation and funds allocated for trident lights.The KMC lighting department received the letter from Ghosh on September 15 and was supposed to send a reply by a month, according to RTI rules. However, after passage of six weeks, the state public information officer in the KMC has only intimated Ghosh that the civic body had received the application and it would send a reply after collecting data from the civic departments concerned.However, the former bureaucrat who is also a former Trinamool Congress MLA is far from happy. \"I sent queries to the civic bosses seeking answers on installation of trident lights across the city as part of beautification project. The civic body authorities have not replied to my queries till date and I know for sure that majority of my queries would not be answered. It is extremely uncomfortable for the KMC authorities to send replies to my queries, now iam convinced,\" Ghosh said.What did Ghosh want to know about the trident lights? the very first questioned asked is when, how and who took the decision to install trident lights in almost all the areas of the KMC. Then the former bureaucrat went on asking several questions such as how and when the decision of installation of trident lights was communicated to the department concerned, was there any specific budget allocation for such means of city's beautification. Ghosh also asked whether any proper tender procedure was followed in this respect and what has been the total expenditure for such beautification. Ghosh also touched the controversial aspect of making 540 files to keep the value of each file containing the permission for installation of trident lights less than Rs 5 lakh to bypass a tender rule of the civic body. Then Ghosh sought to know the addresses of the suppliers of trident lamp posts and also the suppliers of the decorative lights. Ghosh said that he would wait for some more time and then seek legal advice on this issue. \"I won't leave the issue. The KMC authorities are bound to send reply to my queries under the RTI Act,\" he said. Mayor Sovan Chatterjee, however, said that he did not know anything about the queries sent by Ghosh under the RTI Act. \" I will check the details. If all the queries are valid and permissible under the RTI Act, our officials will definitely give answers,\" Chatterjee said on Monday.The anomalies relating to installation of trident lights was first raised by the KMC finance department and subsequently the municipal commissioner took up the issue and asked the KMC lighting department to give a reply to the objections raised. Though it has been proved beyond doubt that anomalies existed in fixing the price for each unit of the trident light or in the tender procedure, no action has been taken by the mayor except removing a Gautam Pattanayak, the DG (lighting) who in his reply hinted that he had done everything after consulting the civic higher-ups.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "yamunanagar", "code": "17108839", "title": "Man held for raping colleague on pretext of marriage", "text": "YAMUNANAGAR: Police have arrested a man for allegedly raping his colleague for more than eight months on the pretext of marrying her. Police said that Kawanljit, the accused, worked as a model and the girl was also employed in the local modeling industry. Kawanljit was booked under sections 376 and 420 of IPC registered against him in the city police station of Jagadhari.On Monday, Kawanljit was produced before the judicial magistrate first class (JMIC), and was remanded in judicial custody of 14 days. The victim in her complaint has said that she met Kanwaljit in Chandigarh and he raped her after offering her an intoxicant-laced drink. According to the complaint, he later forced himself upon her by assuring her of tying a nuptial knot.The victim said that Kawanljit's intentions became known on November 2 when he was spotted with another woman who claimed herself to be his wife. \"Following this, the victim approached the local police and lodged a formal complaint against Kawaljit. She was medically examined after she got her statement recorded before the magistrate,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17108349", "title": "New 'Marxist Party' formed in Tamil Nadu by rebel CPM cadres", "text": "COIMBATORE: If a minor exodus troubled CPI recently, the CPM too is not free from revolt. Targeting hundreds of CPM cadres in Tamil Nadu, who have refused to renew party memberships in the last few years on ideological or political grounds, a new party called the Marxist Peravai or Marxist Forum was floated on Sunday. The party, formed with the initiative of more than 300 disgruntled CPM activists from across the state, held a meeting in Salem attended by a number of former state and district-level functionaries.Claiming that their differences with the CPM leadership were primarily ideological, organizers of the new outfit told TOI they would take on the parent party on burning issues concerning the larger public rather than jump into the electoral fray \"which is nothing but sheer craze to capture power\". The new outfit will conduct its first state conference in Trichy on February 3 and elect its office bearers.\"More than 56,000 CPM cadres decided not to renew their party cards in the last three years across the state. The number is quite alarming if we take the statistics for the last decade,\" said Marxist Peravai's chief organizer V Gangadharan, who is the former president of CPM's Tamil Nadu Government Employees Association. \"We wish to bring all these people on to a political platform, which would ensure real social change. The new party will also address farmers, women, dalits, students and other working class and add Marxist-Leninist perspective to their survival concerns,\" he said.Asked about the CPM allegation that the new outfit comprises only a small section of cadres, led by those who have been expelled from the party, Gangadharan recalled that the CPM too was projected similarly when it broke away from the CPI in 1964. \"The party expelled me because I had a clear political stand with regard to land acquisition and farmers' rights. None of us were expelled from the party because of corruption or criminal activities,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17107336", "title": "Trai targets pesky ads: Pay more for 100+ SMSs", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a fresh bid to curb unwanted text messages spanning sauna belt to apartments, the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India on Monday announced new measures, including hiking the tariff for sending over 100 SMSs a day and an easier system to lodge complaints.Although it decided against levying a penalty that it had proposed earlier, officials said the proposal had not been given up yet. But the immediate focus is on SMSs sent from phones that account for a bulk of pesky promotions. Trai said within a fortnight, telecom firms must ensure that anyone crossing the 100 SMS mark a day would have to pay at least 50 paise more for every subsequent message.Stating that Trai had adopted a \"zero tolerance\" approach towards pesky messages, a senior official said, \"This menace will not be tolerated. This is the first of the many measures we plan to take.\"The new guidelines\u00e2\u20ac\u201dthe tenth amendment to the rules on commercial communication or unwanted messages\u00e2\u20ac\u201dpropose to crack down on messages sent using software applications. Within three months, telecom operators have been asked to put in place a system that blocks messages with same or similar characters. The proposed mechanism will ensure that at best 200 messages with \"similar signature\" are sent in an hour. Once this limit is breached, the service provider can block it.\"We have arrived at the figure of 100 SMSs after a lot of consultation process,\" the Trai official said, adding that ordinary phone users will not be impacted by the measure. \"Our analysis shows that on an average, a person sends two SMSs a day and 47 in a month. The limit we have prescribed is much beyond this.\" In any case, registered telemarketers, banks and airlines will be exempted from the new rule.A senior official said the aim now is to control cheap bulk SMS packs. Currently, mobile service providers offer concessional SMS packs and tariff plans for bulk SMS users. \"These SMS packs and tariff plans are being misused by unregistered telemarketers to send promotional SMSs to consumers. To prevent unregistered telemarketers from misusing such SMS packs or tariff plans for sending bulk promotional SMSs, a price restraint has been placed,\" Trai said.In addition, the system of lodging complaints has also been eased with consumers required to merely forward the pesky message. Telecom operators have also been asked to put in place web-and email-based mechanisms to enable subscribers to lodge complaints. The regulator clarified that the measure would \"in no way\" put a cap on the number of SMSs one can send in a day as those beyond 100 can be sent at non-concessional rates.\"Whenever a new customer is enrolled for service, the access provider is required to take an undertaking from such customer in the Customer Acquisition Form that he shall not use the connection for telemarketing purpose and in case he does so, such connection shall be liable to be disconnected,\" Trai said in a statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17108015", "title": "Rumours lead to violence at Charminar", "text": "HYDERABAD: Communal tension was triggered at Charminar and surrounding areas late on Sunday night following rumours that the Bhagyalakshmi temple management was quickly completing erection of a pandal to cover the area around the temple. Thousands of people belonging to the minority community gathered near the heritage structure, apprehending that this was a thinly veiled attempt to expand the temple premises to surround the historic structure. Subsequently, the mob damaged three police vehicles, pelted stones at some commercial establishments, damaged an ATM and targeted a super market.Police said that it all began around 1 am, when hundreds of people began gathering at Volta cafe in Moghulpura where MIM MLAs Akbaruddin Owaisi and Mumtaz Khan were chatting with their cadres. Police said the legislators were in the Old City to attend a wedding at their party activist's house in Chandrayangutta. But rumour mills became active, spreading information that the Bhagyalakshmi temple management was trying to complete building the temporary pandal with police support and that Akbaruddin was in the Old City to prevent this. A little later both the MLAs left the spot, but the incensed mob began marching towards Charminar. Within 30 minutes, hundreds of locals from Moghulpura, Shah Ali Banda and Hussainialam reached Charminar. By 1.30 am, the mob swelled to about 3,000 even as the police remained mute spectators. Charminar MLA Pasha Quadri reached the spot and spent about 10 minutes there talking to people. He assured them that no pandal would be erected there. Hyderabad MP Asaduddin Owaisi went around the area in his vehicle.Assured by their political leaders that no pandal would be allowed at the temple, the mob began dispersing from the area. However, some miscreants, returning to their homes, pelted stones at public and private properties.In the rioting, three police vehicles, including the official vehicle of assistant commissioner of police (ACP), Falaknuma, %Taher Ali, were damaged. \"The mob damaged window glasses and windshields of three police vehicles,\" Hussainialam inspector J Venkat Reddy said.The miscreants also pelted stones at SBH ATM and Wonder World super market in Shah Ali Banda. \"The glass facade of the super market and glass panes of the ATM were damaged. We have booked a rioting case in both these incidents,\" Moghulpura inspector B Naveen Kumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17109276", "title": "9 Birhors to soon become government employees", "text": "BOKARO: Nine Birhors will soon be seen working in government offices here. When nine youths belonging to a primitive tribe, Birhor, which is on the verge of extinction, were picked up from the forests and brought to town 11 years ago, neither they nor their kin had thought that they would bag government jobs someday.With this, they will become the first from their community in the district to hold government jobs. Jharkhand government has already initiated the process and this is set to be completed soon. However, it is not only the state government which has come forward to help these tribes, but also Bokaro Steel Plant (BSL) which has played an important role in their upliftment.BSL had adopted these Birhors in 2001 with the intention of inducting them into the mainstream. They were picked up from Tulbul and Khakhanda under Gomia block, 70 kms from the district headquarter. These villages have a thick forest cover and are situated on the foothills of Jhumra, a Maoist zone. The Birhors depend on hunting wild animals, farming, cattle rearing and other such modes for their survival. By bringing Birhors to the city proper, BSL not only taught them urban ways of living but also provided them with basic amenities like food, accommodation, clothes and education.BSL had adopted 15 Birhor kids, but six of them fled from the hostel, by either scaling the sewerage pipes from the second floor or not turning up after going home for vacations. Suresh Birhor, Sundarlal Birhor, Santosh Birhor, Chandolal Birhor, Sawan Birhor, Ganesh Birhor, Togolal Birhor, Sahdeo Birhor and Mantu Birhor are the lucky nine who stayed back for brighter prospects. They passed Class X and XII board examinations and are now waiting for government jobs. Their applications for job have been accepted by the district administration and sent to the state government for further formalities. \"We have forwarded their applications along with credentials to the government and are awaiting their response,\" said Shahsi Bhusan Mehra, district welfare officer.He said that they have initiated the process of recruitment of nine Birhors in Class-IV grade (peon). Chandolal said that they are quite upbeat about getting the government jobs soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17108439", "title": "19-yr-old girl accuses boy of raping her", "text": "MYSORE: A youth was arrested on charges of rape and cheating of a 19-year-old girl at Kyatamaranahalli here on Monday. Police said Santosh, 21, a native of Siddlingapura, had come two years ago to help his grandmother Siddamma construct a house in Kyatamaranahalli. Meanwhile, he fell in love with a girl who was working in an incense sticks factory.On September 13, he went to the girl's workplace and asked her to come to Kengeri in Bangalore so his elders could see her and discuss the wedding. But instead of taking her to his sister's house, he took her to a secluded place and allegedly raped her. Promising to marry her, Santhosh dropped the girl at her house in Mysore the same day. With him dragging his feet on wedding, the girl filed a case against him, accusing him of rape, cheat and fraud, at Udayagiri police station. He has been sent to 15-day judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17108937", "title": "Nilam causes sudden fall in temperature", "text": "PATNA: The nip in the air has nothing to do with the early arrival of winter. City's meteorological department claims the sudden fall in temperature and cloudy weather for last two days is just an aftereffect of the Nilam cyclone that lashed the shores in southern India earlier this week.\"It was because of the residual effect of the cyclone in south India that parts of West Bengal, Odisha and Jharkhand had rainfall on Friday and the cloudy weather in the state is also the result of the cyclone,\" said Patna meteorological centre director A K Sen. \"This cyclonic effect will soon get over and the onset of winter is expected only after November 15,\" said Sen.The Met office in Patna is not adequately equipped to forecast the onset of winter at such an early stage.\"But based on the analysis of winds and other factors, we can say it is likely to arrive on time. Usually a drop in the mercury to 13 degrees or below heralds the onset of winter but currently the temperature in the state is averaging to16 to 17 degrees which is normal,\" he said and described the recent drop in the mercury by three degree C as normal.The colder nights and warmer days currently may not be the sign of winter, but this is definitely the period when one should be cautious against flu virus, say doctors. \"These days nights are colder and it is the coldest around 4am while afternoons are warmer. Those suffering from joint disorders may experience sudden increase in pain while the blood pressure of cardiac patients may shoot up and they may experience a sudden vessel constriction during morning walks,\" said Dr Diwakar Tejaswi.Tejaswi prescribed since the elderly and children are more vulnerable to flu, they should wear warm clothes both in the night and early morning.\"Children are also more prone to cough and chest infections and, therefore, air conditioners should be avoided and light blankets should be used for them when they are sleeping,\" the doctor said and also prescribed vaccination against flu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17109290", "title": "Tarang-2012 begins with exhibition on human anatomy", "text": "KANPUR: The annual cultural festival of Ganesh Shanker Vidyarthi Memorial Medical College (GSVM) 'Tarang-2012' began on Monday. The science exhibition titled 'Pratibimb' was the highlight of the opening day in which more than 1,600 students of various schools learnt about functioning of the human body from the future doctors.The Ganeshians taught students of the city about human anatomy. Nearly 30 stalls were set up at GSVM ground. The visitors were attracted towards the preserved human body parts like hands, legs and intestines. The medicos also put on display the preserved twin babies, half-developed feotuses and types of cancers in brain, lung and breasts.The exhibition was inaugurated by district magistrate MP Agarwal. Chief medical officer RP Yadav and social activist Mohan Lal Gupta were also present.Stalls of various departments of the MBBS studies like anatomy, paediatrics, skin and others were established. The medicos of GSVM, JK Cancer Hospital and cardiology department explained students about the functioning of the human body through charts, posters and models.The students from class IX to XII of schools like BNSD, Mount Carmel, KDMA, Jaipuria and others visited the exhibition. Most of them found the exhibition highly informative.The students also took part in the literary, slogan writing and caricature events.In 'Abhivyakti', the literary event for the students from class XI and XII, the first prize won by students of UP Kirana Seva Samiti Vidyalaya. The second and third prizes were given to students of DPS, Azad Nagar.The students also took part in slogan writing competition on AIDS awareness in which Sashwat Tripathi of Shri Ram Public School won the first prize. The second and third prizes were given to Shivam Mishra of OSVM Inter College and Shivani Singh Chauhan of UP Kirana Seva Samiti Vidyalaya.In caricature making competition on 'India Against Corruption', Antra Mishra from Mount Carmel School made the best caricature. The second and third winners were Amitabh Sonker and Nayan of Jaipuria School.The medicos then staged a nukkad natak (street play) titled 'Chetna' to create awareness on AIDS. The students and their teachers appreciated the medicos for their efforts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17106980", "title": "Drug exports under brand name to stay", "text": "MUMBAI: Pharma companies can breathe a tad easier. It is learnt that the government has dropped plans to enforce a ban on use of brand names while exporting medicines. Recently, the health ministry had directed the industry to use generic names for medicines instead of brands while applying for manufacturing licences. The government was planning a similar ban in export licences as well.Though this was yet another move by the government to make drugs cheaply available to patients, it threatened to snowball into a major problem for the industry, which mops up over $12 billion through exports. The move would have resulted in confusion, delays and loss of export turnover for companies.The government is expected to clarify the issue of export licences by issuing a notification over the next few days. \"Based on our discussions with officials, the government has agreed that it will not ban the use of brand names in export licences. We have sought a clarification (on the issue) from the health ministry, and this is expected soon,\" an official from the Indian Drug Manufacturers' Association said.The industry was apprehensive that the certificate of pharmaceutical product (CoPP) issued by the government for exports will also be issued in the generic name. The certificate is mandatory for exports in many countries.Significantly, the government may agree to drop its controversial ban on the use of brands in the domestic market as well, the official added. For instance, if a company manufacturing Crocin applies for a renewal of licence, then it will be issued in the name of 'paracetamol', its generic name, and not the brand name (Crocin). For those applying for a fresh licence of a new medicine, it would be issued in the generic name.This would become an even bigger problem and lead to confusion and loss of revenue for companies when many players export the same molecule. Several companies have already earned a huge recall value in overseas markets through their brands.The issue proved to be another dampener for the industry, which is already reeling under anxiety over impending price controls and recent policy flip-flops.However, experts point out that in certain cases prices shoot up due to the marketing efforts undertaken by the company in building and promoting its brand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17109718", "title": "Govt admits it erred in calling 'job applications' from ex-judges", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government admitted before the Rajasthan High Court on Monday that its method of considering former judges for appointment as information commissioners was improper. The court, thereafter, gave two days' time to the state to tell how it would mend its method.During the hearing of a public interest litigation (PIL) last week, the court was informed that the state government's decision to call 'job applications' from former district court judges was \"derogatory\". It was argued that it was wrong to ask former judges to write applications for jobs like a common man, as if the government were recruiting junior clerks. A division bench headed by Chief Justice Arun Kumar Mishra had then called for an explanation from the state government.Advocate general GS Bapna agreed before the division bench on Monday that the government method was erroneous and would be rectified. Bapna was later asked to tell the amended process the government would adopt to consider former judges for the appointments.Petitioner's lawyer Vimal Chaudhary told the court that the Supreme Court's judgment on the subject passed on September 13 this year mentioned that the former judges should be appointed in consultation with the chief justice of the state. \"For the appointment of advocates, too, on the posts the government should consult the state's Bar Council instead of inviting job applications,\" Chaudhary said.The apex court passed a significant judgment on the functioning and appointments in the information commissions at the Centre and state levels. It was decreed that information commissions shall work in benches of two members each, and one of the members shall have to be a judicial officer while the other shall be an 'expert' (including an advocate with 20 years of legal practice as well as experience social work).For the manner in which judicial officers could be appointed, the apex court judgment read, \"The appointment of the judicial members to any of these posts (chief information commissioner or information commissioners at Centre or state levels) shall be made in consultation with the Chief Justice of India and chief justices of high courts of the respective states, as the case may be.\"The PIL seeking appointment of information commissioners in the state was pending since last year, but after the apex court's recent order that the information commissions shall have to work in benches of two, the high court demanded the state government to tell what it was doing to appoint the information commissioners to ensure compliance of the September 13 judgment.Rajasthan Information Commission (RIC) has been functioning with just a chief information commissioner, even though nearly 8,000 appeals are reportedly pending with the commission with a waiting period of at least a year for each appeal. The RTI Act, though, requires appointment of up to 10 information commissioners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17106997", "title": "SC quashes Bhandarkar rape charge", "text": "MUMBAI: The Supreme Court on Monday quashed an eight-year-old rape case filed against film-maker Madhur Bhandarkar by actress Pretti Jaiin, citing her wish to not pursue the charges as well as non-observance of laid-out legal procedures by a Mumbai magistrate.Bhandarkar had moved the apex court this March against a Bombay high court order in which it declined to dismiss the case. When the hearing commenced in the SC on Monday, the director's counsel said Jaiin did not wish to pursue the case since she was planning to get married soon.Bhandarkar's counsel, Harish Salve and Shreyansh Mithare, began Monday's proceedings saying there was a \"new development\". The announcement of Jaiin's marriage plans sent a buzz through the court.The bench of Justices H L Dattu and C K Prasad asked if Jaiin was marrying Bhandarkar. \"No,\" promptly replied Jaiin's counsel B H Marlapalle, a former judge of the Bombay high court. \"Bhandarkar is already married. She will be marrying someone else.\" Marlapalle said the actress wanted to \"move on\": \"Eight years have passed since the FIR was filed. She wants to start life afresh. She is already engaged.\" He suggested that no purpose would be served in keeping the matter pending.The judges took into account Jaiin's wish but thereafter heard the matter on merit. In 2004, the actress had accused Bhandarkar of \"indulging in sexual intercourse with her 16 times from 1999 to 2004\" on the promise of casting her in his movies. Jaiin had claimed that whenever she resisted, he threatened and coerced her.Bhandarkar's appeal in the apex court said both the HC order of March 2012 and an order passed by an Andheri magistrate in September 2011 were wrong and ought to be set aside since they caused \"grave injustice\" to the film-maker whose movies have won \"critical acclaim\".The Andheri magistrate, Babanrao Pantawane, had in 2011 held that there appeared to be an \"ingredient of an offence of rape and criminal intimidation against Bhandarkar\" and ordered that criminal action\u00e2\u20ac\u201dwhich could include arrest and trial\u00e2\u20ac\u201dmust start against him. Prior to this order, the Mumbai police had twice asked for the rape case to be closed, arguing lack of evidence.The magistrate's directions sent Bhandarkar rushing to the Bombay high court, which first stayed all further progress in the case. But in March this year, the HC rejected his plea for Jaiin's complaint and the magistrate's order to be quashed. The matter thus landed in the SC.On Monday, finally, things swung in Bhandarkar's favour. The Supreme Court judges asked if the magistrate had recorded the statements of anyone apart from Jaiin. They were informed that he had not. Bhandarkar's lawyers said the magistrate ought to have recorded the statements of witnesses too, since serious charges of rape had been levelled against the director. The SC said, \"The magistrate did not follow the procedure laid down under section 202 of Criminal Procedure Code and chose to examine only the complainant (Jaiin).\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17107835", "title": "JICA grant to prop up power supply in city", "text": "HYDERABAD: Power problems in and around the state capital could be now resolved with the Japan International Co-operation Agency (JICA) sanctioning a loan of Rs 940 crore for new substations under a transmission system modernization and strengthening project in the Hyderabad metropolitan area. The project is expected to be completed by June 2014.With aid from JICA, APTransco is mulling construction of sub-stations under the special scheme using underground cables in areas under Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation to meet the ever-increasing demand for power and to provide satisfactorily to the twin cities, sources said.On Monday, Hiralal Samariya, the CMD of APTransco, said that the laying of the underground cables to connect them with substations was on in full swing. Another senior official said that keeping in mind the rapid increase in demand for power, APTransco was laying special focus on the strengthening of transmission systems to provide quality power.As part of the modernisation plan, APTransco is planning several sub-stations and transmission lines in municipalities to provide quality power to meet the ever-increasing demand in the IT sector, special economic zones (SEZs) and at upcoming residential and commercial complexes in and around the twin cities. Sources said that since it was becoming increasingly difficult to erect conventional towers and sub-stations, APTransco had proposed the GIS substations which occupy less space and are maintenance-free.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17109199", "title": "Pledge to uphold Bhupenda's principles", "text": "GUWAHATI: With a makeshift boat in the backdrop as an emphasis of Hazarika's immortal metaphor for unification, hundreds of people took a pledge to uphold the values, ideals, philosophy and teachings of Bhupen Hazarika on the occasion of his first death anniversary on Monday.Organized by the Dr Bhupen Hazarika Cultural and Literal Forum, hundreds of Hazarika's devotees from different walks of life walked into the historic Latasil Playground for the solemn occasion. To mark the occasion, the forum also formed a human chain with hundreds singing \"manuhe manhor babe\" -the bard's immortal creation - in unison.Amarjyoti Choudhury, pro-vice-chancellor of Tezpur University and adviser of the forum, took the initiative and led the people in forming the human chain along with members of the forum at the helm as well. School children were present on the occasion. With the words \"aami ei naor jatri' (we are all passengers in the same boat) embedded on the makeshift boat, the message of ethnic unity and unification of the diversification of the entire human race became all the more active with the presence of different communities as well.\"Just like the Brahmaputra that has been flowing for thousands of years, his works and songs will live forever. In this land where Sankaradeva, Madhab Deb, Aazan Fakir lived and spread the message of love and understanding among us, Bhupen Hazarika's contribution towards the flourishing of Assamese culture and language will live for long. I am especially pleased by the presence of the younger generation. And and with their interest, his legacy will continue,\" said chief minister Tarun Gogoi.Culture minister Pranati Phukan, Hazarika's son, Tez, and wife Priyamvada were also present. The pledge was taken to continue with the ideals that Hazarika had always strived for and the implementation of the values in a coherent way. \"The main aim is to instil his spirit among youngsters and to propagate his ideals and philosophy in society. We also want a digital archive and a time capsule so that his work can be preserved. His humanitarian aspects need to be spread,\" said Amarjyoti Choudhury.A group of Manipuri women, who were present at the event, said, \"Last year we decided that we will observe the solemn occasion. He spoke about the unification of human race. Towards the evening, we will light lamps to honour the event,\" said L Champa Devi and M Vijaya from Manipuri Basti Maira Paiki Mahila Sangtha.\"We wanted the samadhi to be in the model of Rajghat but the work is still lagging. One year has passed and work should have started by now. He is our soul. His songs will always be embedded in our hearts and souls,\" said Aasu adviser Samujjal Bhattacharjee.Across the city, people lit earthen lamps to mark the solemn occasion. AASU took the initiative of lighting 10,000 earthen lamps at the historic Latasil playground. The same was seen at his \"samadhi sthal' where his ardent devotees lit more than 20,000 earthen lamps.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17108452", "title": "Six National Institute of Engineering students bound to Germany", "text": "MYSORE: Six students from National Institute of Engineering (NIE) have been selected for German Academic Exchange Service (DAAD)-Sponsored South East Asian Network for Disaster and Environmental Engineering (SEAN-DEE) Lab at University of Kassel (Germany).Accordingly, Ashwini Sawanth, Mrummaya Mudigere, Srinivas Shenoy, Vidya V K, Prajwala M S and Ichita M K will receive a total allowance of 980 Euros from DAAD (Germany). The fortnightlong SEAN DEE lab, which is under way, comprises lectures from University of Kassel professors, field trips and laboratory sessions, which will provide a comprehensive preview of the happenings in disaster and environmental engineering. It also provides ample exposure to the students in the arena at the international level. The students are being accompanied by Ganesh Prasad of the department of civil engineering.NIE has collaborated with University of Kassel to work in the area of disaster and environmental engineering.The programme has networked five universities/ institutes from south east Asian region -- three institutes from Bangladesh and one each from Nepal and India.NIE principal G L Shekar, associate professor of mechanical engineering, director NIE-CREST Shamsundar and professor of civil engineering, NIE Ganesh Prasad are the co-ordinators for the programme. Professor of civil engineering University of Kassel, Germany Uwe Dorka is the chief co-ordinator of the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17108076", "title": "People line up to contribute to IAS officer Armstrong Pame's road", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nagaland IAS officer Armstrong Pame's initiative to build a 100-km state highway in Manipur involving the local community has generated huge interest among alumni of St Stephen's College.Manipur PWD secretary Ram Muivah told TOI that he and other senior state government functionaries were receiving calls from several former students of the college asking whether the project was completed and how they could contribute. Pame is a former student of St Stephen's.\"This step by Pame has been welcomed by all. The link (known as Tamenglong-Haflong road) will prove crucial for locals here, though it's a kuchcha road. Some work had happened on this stretch long back, but was stopped after there were issues relating to its alignment,\" Muivah told TOI.Once completed, this road will link Manipur with Nagaland and Assam.Sources said besides financial help from people from across the country, the IAS officer played a key role to convince authorities to utilise NREGS fund to clear this state highway, which is usually used for construction of rural roads and other works in villages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17109309", "title": "Unique address plates for Kanpur houses soon", "text": "KANPUR: Kanpur Nagar Nigam has invited tenders for installation of unique address plates outside each of the city's 5 lakh houses.Nagar Nigam sources said the entire process is expected to be completed within a week after which the plates, carrying a unique identification number for each house, would be nailed first in the vicinity of Nagar Nigam. There would be no charges levied on the house owners for this.According to UN Tiwari, additional city commissioner II, the Nagar Nigam had floated the contract for unique address plates around one and a half years ago. A company had entered into the contract with the corporation, but did not start the assigned work and its canceled was cancelled subsequently.According to the terms and conditions of the contract, the installing agency had to maintain the plate for three years, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17108446", "title": "11 bids for construction of Mulayam Singh Yadav's dream project", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow Development Authority (LDA) has inched closer to bringing to life the dream project of Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav , the Jai Prakash Narain International Centre, in Gomtinagar, with the authority receiving 11 bids from construction and design consultancies from across the country. The authority had invited final bids (financial and technical) on October 31 and is currently working to shortlist the party depending on their qualifications and past experience in similar projects.The firms approached include those from Lucknow, Noida, Delhi, Ahmadabad, Housing and Urban Development Corporation (HUDCO) and also a multinational firm. The 11 consultancies who have shown interest in constructing the project include architectural wing of the government-owned - (HUDCO), Rajiv Kumar Associates from Lucknow, JAG Design from Ahmadabad, Sthapati Associates from Lucknow, Nelson Planning and Design Private Limited, Noida, Design Associates from Delhi, Dutta and Dutta from Ahmadabad, ENARC Consultant from Noida, multinational Chelsea West (also operating in New York ), Arch and Design from Lucknow and Archohm from Delhi.An official said, \"The government attaches a lot of prestige to this project and we are paying a lot of attention to the minutest of details. Right now, we are evaluating technical bids which could take another 15 days. We will evaluate consultants on a number of parameters like financial turnover, experience in similar nature projects and experience in other types of projects, conceptual plan and finally their presentation. We have a criteria and would be marking them accordingly.\" The authority will give 70 per cent importance to the technical bids and then finalise the consultant depending on their financial bid.The project could take another two and a half years to complete and is estimated to cost Rs 350 crore to the government. It would comprise a modular convention centre based on international standards and an Olympic-size swimming pool. The project got an amount of Rs 150 crore sanctioned to it five years ago but with the passage of time, more components have been incorporated in the design and the cost of construction has risen over twice. This iconic structure would be a green building and would also include a 100-room guest house, a library and a museum.\"Once the evaluation of the technical bids takes place, we will open financial bids and finally select most suitable consultant\", added the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17109651", "title": "Joint op yields portions of 'missing' gold", "text": "JAIPUR: The gold \"hera-pheri\" case between Pune and Jaipur may have had a cryptic script but the alert cops managed to decode a portion of the haul.The Jaipur and Pune Police jointly investigating the case in which three persons, including a woman duped a jeweller of gold in Jaipur and Pune have managed a major breakthrough on Monday when Pune Police in recovered 4.5 kg gold here. Likewise, the Jaipur Police investigating the cheating case of MI Road-based jeweller too have recovered nearly 3.5 kg gold from Ahmedabad.It may be recalled that Pune Police on November 3 had arrested three fraudsters involved in duping 7 kg gold in Pune and 4 kg gold from Jaipur following a timely tip off by the Jaipur Police.Senior police officers of the Jaipur Police commissionerate were tight lipped on the developments but confirmed that the team was able to recover 3.5 kg gold cheated by the conmen , including three persons from a Punebased jeweller in June.\"They asked us for logistic support and we provided them with some of our men to visit some city-based jewellers who had allegedly mortgaged the cheated gold from Pune in Jaipur,\" confirmed a senior police officer of the Jaipur police commssionerate on Monday.According to the sources, Pune Police raided few jewellery outlets in Kishanpole Bazaar area in the city and recovered 4.5 kg gold.Police said the fraudsters, after cheating the jeweller in Pune had came to Jaipur for their next target. During that time, they had \"mortgaged\" 3.5 kg gold with a city jeweller. \"They did similar act after cheating a leading jeweller in Jaipur by mortgaging the gold in Ahmedabad,\" said a senior police officers.Since this case is being jointly investigated by the Jaipur and Pune Police, the Jaipur police through the mutual information sharing has managed to recover 3.5 kg gold which was cheated by the same people on October, 20.However, when contacted, BL Soni, police commissioner was in no mood to divulge the details.\"All I know is that the three persons including a woman were arrested in Pune. Our team will issue a warrant to produce them in a Pune court. We have got some solid clues on the whereabouts of the gold taken from Jaipur and we definitely recover it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17108732", "title": "Skeleton of 1,400-year-old 'vampire' dug out", "text": "LONDON: A 1,400-year-old 'vampire' skeleton with metal spikes through its shoulders, heart and ankles, has been discovered in Britain, a new report has claimed. The skeleton dating from 550-700 AD found buried in the ancient minster town of Southwell, Nottinghamshire has shed light on rare 'vampire' burials in Britain.Long dismissed as myth and legend, the vampire is associated with spooky stories, the 'Daily Mail' reported. It is believed to be a \"deviant burial\", where people considered the 'dangerous dead', such as vampires, were interred to prevent them rising from their graves to plague the living. Only a handful of such burials have been unearthed in the UK till now. The discovery is detailed in a new report by Matthew Beresford, of Southwell Archaeology. The skeleton was found by archaeologist Charles Daniels during the original investigation of the site in Church Street, which revealed Roman remains. Beresford said when Daniels found the skeleton he jokingly checked for fangs.\"Throughout the Anglo-Saxon period the punishment of being buried in water-logged ground, face down, decapitated, staked or otherwise was reserved for thieves, murderers or traitors or later for those deviants who did not conform to societies rules: adulterers, disrupters of the peace, the unpious or oath breaker,\" said Beresford. \"Which of these the Southwell deviant was we will never know,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17109857", "title": "DAVV exam row likely to get murky", "text": "INDORE: A day after the first PhD entrance examination, Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya (DAVV) and aspirants remained at loggerheads. The university authorities have started gearing up to declare the results as per the schedule. On the other hand, the aspirants have decided to file a petition in court on Monday. The students rued that language cannot be a basis to judge a candidate's knowledge.Bhupendra Singh, one of the aspirants said, \"Even candidates opting English language have supported us saying that if they would have been served question papers in Hindi, their performance might have affected.\"\"Though the university authorities have promised a probe into the incident, we are not sure of any action. We will knock the doors of court on Monday,\" Singh added.A group of aspirants who had appeared for the entrance examination on Sunday had visited the administration campus of the university to meet the vice chancellor and submit their memorandum. As the VC was on official visit to Bhopal , the students handed over the memorandum to the reader. The memorandum stated that there should have been an option in the examination form to mark the language preference. One student said, \"When national-level NET and other prominent examinations are conducted in English then why is the university going by its own rules.\"The university authorities have decided to declare the result by November 9. Public relation officer Dr M S Parmar said, \"We will declare the results as was decided earlier. It will hardly take much time to scan OMR sheets and get list of meritorious candidates.\"When asked about what about the students who are upset with the language barrier in question paper, he said, \"As UGC and university rules do not mention to serve question paper in English and Hindi, students will be at the receiving end. It is expected from research students to know at least this much English.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "a couple of months ago, a fighting yuvraj singh completed an emotional comeback into the t20 fold; he didn't, however, sugarcoat his words as he described the quiet tumult in his mind", "code": "17109744", "title": "Yuvraj and Harbhajan: A tale of two Singhs", "text": "A couple of months ago, a fighting Yuvraj Singh completed an emotional comeback into the T20 fold; he didn't, however, sugarcoat his words as he described the quiet tumult in his mind: \"It's like being selected for India for the first time.\"Today, he is back in the Test team too; it should have signalled his final triumph over a tumour that could have destroyed him. But even he knows that this is just a beginning; indeed, he has to start all over again to translate a throbbing dream into reality.He has, of course, already seen 37 Test matches, with three hundreds in the bag too; but he will be the first to concede that it is still an unfinished assignment. By now, he should have been closer to 80 Tests and maybe 6,000 runs; the 1775 against his name probably only mock him every night that he goes to bed.Just before he declared his tryst with the tumour, he had made a more significant proclamation: \"It is the right time to focus on my Test career. I want to be remembered as a good batsman in the longer format of the game.\" He played just two more Tests, against West Indies, before he was discarded.Yuvraj was a disappointed man as he thought he ought to have been part of the third Test too; fate though had other plans for him, pulling him out of the field and taking him all the way to the US to fight another battle. That alone would have shattered most, even if it were to turn out to be a non-malignant tumour later; but, maybe, it was the dream that kept him going.He recovered and scored a double century in the Duleep Trophy which underlines two things: he is fit enough for the vigours of Test cricket, and hungry for the big runs too. He will be a man possessed now and nothing but bad luck, or indeed cruel fate, can stop him.If Yuvraj was a certainty, Harbhajan Singh will be considering himself lucky to be in the 15; he hasn't exactly been striking terror among batsmen but his desire to be back in Team India cannot be questioned. If anything, he can be blamed for trying too hard.The selectors have shown rare wisdom in bringing him back into the side even though his figures are not overwhelming; with Australia to follow England, he can be the X-factor this season, especially on home tracks. A couple of good spells, and a rise in his confidence, should make him a force to reckon with again.Harbhajan is on the threshold of a significant landmark: he needs just two more games to complete 100 Test matches. He knows he may have to wait for some time as R Ashwin and Pragyan Ojha have shown the class to be the first choices. But don't be surprised if the captain chooses to make it a three-pronged attack.He too has a dream, to be India's spin spearhead; he wants to carry the country's grand tradition in this art. It has not been easy as the game has made rapid changes, demanding each bowler to adapt to a new format every other day. Spinners have been forced to become defensive.Harbhajan was special because of his aggressive nature; he needs to bring that back into his arsenal to make this second coming monumental. Can he complete an emotional comeback too?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17109823", "title": "Nobel laureates' presence adds glitter to gold medals", "text": "BANGALORE: It was one of the defining moments in 22-yearold Shreya Chakraborthy's life. For not everybody, not even university gold medal winners, are fortunate enough to be honoured in the presence of Nobel laureates, besides a host of luminaries from various fields.\"I have never felt so important in my life before,\" said Shreya, who walked away with three gold medals for topping in MCom from Tumkur University. The occasion was the varsity's convocation at Raj Bhavan, attended by high-profile guests: Nobel laureates Rudolph Marcus and Eric Maskin, Carnatic singer Radha Viswanathan, author and social worker Sudha Murty and Justice Jawad Rahim.The luminaries were among 17 persons presented with honorary doctorate degrees. \"Though I got a gold medal two years ago for my bachelor's degree, receiving it in front of important people is surely a special moment,\" said Shreya, who wants to take up a career in academics.Some 20 students from Tumkur University were awarded gold medals in disci plines like Economics, English Sociology, Political Science Kannada, MBA and Physical Education. While 10 students got medals for their perform ance in bachelor's course, oth ers were awarded for master's\"I want to inculcate sport ing spirit among children and this award has boosted my moral to do so,\" said 25-year old Chandrashekhara Giri yappa, who bagged a gold medal in Physical Education", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17109753", "title": "Catching a breath gets tougher", "text": "LUDHIANA: The burning of stubble by farmers these days has resulted in a spurt in the number of patients suffering from asthma and other naso-bronchial allergies visiting city hospitals for treatment.Doctors say smoke due to burning of stubble goes up in the air and increases the concentration of smog which aggravates naso-bronchial allergies including bronchial asthma, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and bronchitis. They add that the huge variation in temperature during the season has also aggravated the condition of patients.Says Dr Jasbir Dhanoa, (medicine), Christian Medical College and Hospital (CMCH), \"I am getting about 20 cases of bronchial allergies these days. Of these about nine-ten are of asthma, three-four are of COPD, while the rest are of bronchitis. The number during routine days is four-five times less than these days\".\"The smoke emanating from burning of stubble aggravates the problem for patients. Winter too makes things worse for patients suffering from asthma, COPD and bronchitis.\"Experts say whereas asthma is common in all age groups, COPD is mostly found among smokers and elderly people, while bronchitis hits all age groups,\"There is a high level of smog in the air, especially during the time when stubble is burnt. It is the worse season for asthmatics as they find it difficult to breathe. Asthmatics are found in all age groups but children and elderly are the worst sufferers. COPD is mostly seen in elderly people and smokers, who are more prone to it. Bronchitis occurs in all age groups, though children are a bit more prone to the disease due to less immunity,\" said Dr Gurpreet Singh, senior consultant, department of pulmonary medicine at SPS Apollo Hospital.\"The symptoms of all these diseases are cough, greenish sputum and shortness of breath,\" said Dr Gurpreet.The burning of stubble by farmers these days has resulted in a spurt in the number of patients suffering from asthma and other naso-bronchial allergies visiting city hospitals for treatment.Doctors say smoke due to burning of stubble goes up in the air and increases the concentration of smog which aggravates naso-bronchial allergies including bronchial asthma, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and bronchitis.Dr Gurpreet Singh, senior consultant, department of pulmonary medicine at SPS Apollo Hospital said the number of patients with naso-bronchial allergies has increased manyfold these days and some patients (two-three a day) are even being admitted to the hospital. The symptoms include cough, greenish sputum and shortness of breath, say experts.Bronchodilators and steroids are recommended for such patients, especially during this season.Dr Jagjdeep Whig, former head of the department of the chest diseases at Dayanand Medical College and Hospital said, \"Though treatment for these diseases includes use of bronchodilators and steroids, preventive measures are still the best way of minimizing their impact. These include avoiding cold water and cold food, covering face with mask, wearing warm clothes and consulting a doctor immediately after the symptoms occur.\"Speaking of the effect of smog on children, Dr Naveen Bajaj, a neonatologist at Deep hospital said, \"The worst sufferers of bronchial allergies are children in the age group of one-five years as they have less immunity\". He said, \"Of the bronchial disease cases I see, bronchitis and asthma are in equal proportion,\" while adding that there has been a three-time increase in number of cases of naso-bronchial allergies these days than routine days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17099889", "title": "Kareena Kapoor Khan is the hottest cracker this Diwali", "text": "With Diwali just around the corner, firecracker stalls have already cropped up in designated areas of the city. Like every year, the firecrackers are named after popular Bollywood actors and this time, it's Kareena Kapoor Khan who, if we may say so, is the hottest selling patakha.Sarika Wagh of a cracker stall says that people get attracted to the pictures on the packaging and buy them. This time, the multi-colour sparkle and flower pots with Kareena Kapoor Khan's picture are among the top favourites,\" says she. Apart from Kareena, Priyanka Chopra , Deepika Padukone , Asin, Sonakshi Sinha and Aishwarya Rai Bachchan adorn the covers of most of the firecracker boxes. Vijay Agarwal, who has been in this business for 40 years now, adds that crackers with Hindi film actors sell like hot cakes. \"This time, it's not only Bollywood but even Hollywood's Angelina Jolie is quite a rage. The crackers are a bit more expensive, but people don't mind shelling out extra bucks for them,\" says Agarwal. Aishwarya Rai Bachchan is seen in her Jodhaa Akbar avatar on most cracker covers. Veteran actress Hema Malini , who still is remembered as the Dream Girl, is also on some of the boxes. So are Hrithik Roshan and Preity Zinta as a couple on the cover of a multiple aerial star bomb. \"The crackers are priced between ` 500 and 10,000 depending on the popularity of the stars,\" says Vijay Kumar Arora of another cracker stall. \"Usually youngsters opt for these crackers, and demand for patakhas with their favourite actor's picture imprinted on them. The multi-colour aerial bomb, with 120 shots, which has an image of the Rangeela girl Urmila Matondkar is also one of the most popular crackers amongst youngsters,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17109313", "title": "Obama to poll-vault on hurricane", "text": "T P Sreenivasan feels that the balance may have tilted in favour of Obama after he weathered the recent superstorm Sandy bravelyThe Barack Obama-Mitt Romney match is not over yet. But in the last set, Obama has moved from 'deuce' to 'advantage'. The results are still uncertain since the polls are so close that the margin of error is more than the percentage advantage that Obama has. The super storm Sandy may well have tilted the balance in favour of the incumbent president, who weathered the storm bravely. Even the Republican governor of New Jersey turned to Obama rather than Romney at critical moments as Obama had the state apparatus under his control. Just as the economic meltdown came to Obama's rescue in 2008, Sandy may well give him another term.Many of the factors that favoured Obama in 2008 are absent in 2012. He is no more the messiah of change, the unbeatable orator or the hope of the whole world. The change that he promised did not materialize, though he showed signs of initiating change. But he is still the man who broke the glass ceiling and changed the colour of the occupants of the White House. He is the president who fought terror and killed Osama Bin Laden , brought many American soldiers home, spelt out a vision of a nuclear weapon-free world, envisaged cooperation with the Islamic world, engaged China and won a Nobel Peace Prize. His achievements have not been spectacular either in domestic or in foreign policy, but he can take credit for not leaving the United States in a worse state today than it was when he took over. If he gets a second term, he will be in a better position to keep his promise for change.Romney, on the other hand, started off as an underdog, when the Republican Party was in the doldrums, but showed his mettle in the campaign and intimidated Obama in the first debate. His clear vision of an administration, with a clear taxation policy, energy policy and employment generation has impressed the voters. He has also played down the rightist posture of the Republican Party by addressing the problems of the lower sections of the society. Those who may still be nursing the wounds of a person of Obama's background and race occupying the White House may rally around Romney to seek vengeance. His strong showing is indeed impressive and even his Mormon background, which was initially a disadvantage, is not a negative factor anymore.Foreign policy has not been a major factor in the elections in the US, but Obama's record is creditable in this area. Romney's projection of foreign policy is not fundamentally different from Obama's. Romney merely wanted to score points on the assassination of the US ambassador in Libya and on China. Romney's worldview is yet to be clear, but it appears that he is likely to follow the existing policy.As for India, the general wisdom is that it will not matter much who gets elected, because India-US relations have reached a plateau and the strategic partnership will continue, regardless of the occupant of the White House. The general consensus on the importance of a partnership with India to take care of American interests in Asia will continue. India is certainly a factor in the efforts of the US to engage and contain China. Neither Obama nor Romney has a particular fascination for Pakistan , though its status as an ally will not change under either of them. The only issue on which India has reason to complain is Obama's policy on outsourcing. He has repeatedly called for more business in Buffalo than Bengaluru, because of the rise in unemployment beyond the tolerable level of 7.2%. But India has not helped him either. The stand-still in nuclear trade on account of the Liability Law and our decision not to buy American fighter aircraft have hurt his strategy for enhancing employment. Romney has no position on outsourcing, but we cannot expect him to encourage it in the present economic situation. Indian-Americans have always been bipartisan, with a slight slant towards the Democrats. In the case of Obama, there was the added attraction of diversifying the race of the presidents. This time, the Indian-Americans have been lying low, but some were seen to be raising funds and supporting Romney. As Indian-Americans become richer, they are attracted to the Republican Party, as the Republicans are considered friendlier to the rich. The fact that Republican presidents, except Nixon , have been friendlier towards India has also been a factor in their thinking. Those who lobbied for the nuclear deal are convinced that George Bush had made such a contribution to India that his Party should be rewarded. But die-hard Democrats among Indian- Americans will stick to Obama.The Malayalis, who outnumber Indians from other states, except the Gujaratis, are predominantly Democrats and they have shown affinity for Obama for various reasons. Sunny Wycliffe, a committed Democrat, has been hard at work for Obama and is confident that Obama will win. \"The Indian-Americans have much to gain from the policies of the Democrats. It was Bill Clinton that initiated the strategic partnership with India and Obama has made further progress in this area. We should stick by Obama,\" he said.The writer is former Indian ambassador to United States of America and is, currently, the vice chairman of Kerala State Higher Education Council", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17108522", "title": "Army recruitment drive for students", "text": "MANGALORE: If you have the zeal to serve the nation, here is a golden opportunity. Indian Army launched a recruitment drive exclusively for engineering students at Canara Engineering College in Bantwal on Monday.The recruitment drive will also be held at Vivekananda Institute of Technology, Puttur and Manipal Institute of Technology, Manipal till Friday.On the first day of the drive Major MB Thimaiah, Colonel S Jiggo and Lieutenant Colonel Vinayagan conducted preliminary screening of army job aspirants. Explaining about the recruitment process, Major Thimaiah told TOI that the preliminary screening is conducted for the third year engineering students of 22 engineering colleges in the region. \"The recruitment is meant only for boys for the post of Captains. We have received a good response and over 200 students attended the drive on the first day,\" he said.He said candidates, who are selected during preliminary screening, will be called for a final interview to be held by Service Selection Board (SSB).The selected candidates will be given a stipend of Rs 21,000 per month till they complete their course. Engineering students of any stream can attend the preliminary screening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "17107738", "title": "Govt hospitals come under Centre's lens", "text": "Alappuzha: The Central team led by Union Planning Commission director H P Sharma on Monday began to visit various government hospitals in the district to review the progress of the implementation of various projects under National Rural Health Mission (NRHM).The team will hold a meeting with state health minister and his officials in Thiruvananthapuram on November 9.District medical officer C Muraleedharan Pillai said the team has evaluated the implementation and the progress of the various projects of NRHM including 108 emergency ambulance services, 'Ammayum Kunjum' project and 'Vidhyala Aarogyam' project.Pillai said that the team expressed satisfaction after completing their visit.It was on Sunday evening, the six-member team reached here.The team held meetings with the DMO and the NRHM district head on Monday.\"They have demanded details about various projects implemented for the infrastructural development of government hospitals in the district. They also inspected the treatment facilities, waste management and the availability of potable water in the hospitals,\" said the DMO. 'The team visited the Women and Children's Hospital, Alappuzha General Hospital , Ayurveda Hospital, Chettickadu Taluk Hospital and collected data from patients, doctors and hospital staff,\" said Pillai. After completing the visit, they would meet state health department officials and later they will submit a report to the central government.Unicef consultant Sanjeev Upadhyaya, Institute of Health and Family Welfare assistant professor K S Nair, National Health System Resource Centre consultant Ajithkumar Singh, Maternal Health consultant of United Nations Population Fund Sunitha Paliwal are the members of the team.District medical officer C Muraleekrishnan, NRHM district programme manager L Manoj accompanied the team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17107711", "title": "'Govt inaction leading to tension'", "text": "HYDERABAD: In the light of the communal tension that gripped areas around Charminar on Sunday night, Hyderabad MP Asaduddin Owaisi said the issue was not that of Hindus versus Muslims, but the 'expansion' of the Bhagyalakshmi temple and 'inaction' on the part of government bodies such as the department of archeology and museums (DAM), Archeological Survey of India (ASI) and police that was leading to tension.Speaking at a press conference organised under A banner of United Muslim Action Committee (UMAC) at MIM headquarters in Darussalaam, Asad alleged, \"The police department is actively involved in the extension of the temple. The Supreme Court has ruled that no construction can be carried out at the site. The police along with the collector's office and ASI should implement GOs 262 and 263. If the government fails to protect the Muslim minority we will do whatever we can to protect ourselves.\" Owaisi also said, \"Innocent boys have been picked up both at Sabzimandi and Musheerabad. CCTV cameras in Sabzimandi were not functioning. Police have imposed curfew in Sabzimandi but are not brave enough to announce it.\" Owaisi demanded the chief minister to implement the Communal Violence Prevention Bill. He said tension began mounting in the weeks preceding Bakrid and questioned the role of the department of animal husbandry (DAH) in stopping cattle from being brought to the city.UMAC convener and All India Muslim Personal Law Board joint secretary Abdul Rahim Qureshi noted that right-wingers had prevented the entry of buffaloes and oxen into the city. \"Those who were transporting the cattle were beaten up. Police have failed to act objectively,\" Qureshi said. He alleged that the Muslims incurred a loss of around Rs 1 crore due to the violence in Sabzimandi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17107079", "title": "Women who fought off robbers to be honoured", "text": "MUMBAI: The police will felicitate 61-year-old Uma Ganatra from Matunga and her 28-year-old neighbour, Krupa Thakkar, for foiling a robbery on Sunday night and helping residents of the area and cops nab four of the accused as they fled.The four had been rummaging through cupboards of the empty flat they had struck and were about to flee with the locker with valuables inside it when the two women confronted them.The felicitation programme will be held at Rafi Ahmed Kidwai Marg police station on Tuesday when additional commissioner of police will confer the honour on the two women.Ganatra stays alone in her first-floor flat of Shri Kacchi Lohana building near Andhra school in Matunga (E). \"Around 8.20pm I heard some unusual sound coming from the second-floor flat of my relative, Jayesh Thakkar. Since I knew that they had locked their flat and gone to their hometown in GGujarat, I got suspicious. I asked my neighbour, Krupa, to come along with me and check out the apartment. We discovered the front door standing ajar,\" said Ganatra. As the two women yelled out to know who was inside, initially no one responded. Suddenly, three robbers, armed with choppers, pounced on them, throwing them to the ground, said the police. \"We picked ourselves up and yelled for help,\" said Ganatra, a social worker. In the melee, Ganatra and Krupa got injured on their hands.Alarmed by the commotion, local boys and policemen patrolling the streets gathered on the road. The gang had come to the buildingin a taxi, which was waiting outside. As the four sped away in the cab, the boys and the policemen chased and caught them.The accused have been identified as Imtiyaz Shaikh (21), Mohammed Tamanna Ansari (25), Janardhan Urmatla (31) and Jehangir Shaikh (22). Two choppers and Rs 5,000, stolen from the flat, have been recovered. \"Mohammed and Imtiaz have past crime records. The gang conducted recce of the building twice before targeting Thakkars' flat,\" said investigating officer Dhanraj Gaikwad. On Sunday night, one accused entered the building through the terrace, said Gaikwad, adding he kept coordinating with his aides over mobile. Two hours later, the other three sneaked inside, and with the help of heavy tools, broke open the door latch of Thakkar's flat to enter inside.The police found that the Lohana building did not have a wall, a guard or CCTV cameras on the premises, which made the house an easy target for thieves. Agreeing with the police that they should have had some security measure in place,A resident of the building, Jaisal Kothari, said, \"The absence of a watchman, a proper wall or CCTV cameras made the building an easy target for thieves.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "muzaffarpur", "code": "17108887", "title": "Police still clueless in girl abduction case", "text": "MUZAFFARPUR: A definite clue to the mysterious kidnapping of 14-year-old girl Navruna, daughter of Atulya Chakravarty, from her bedroom in Jawaharlal Road area 47 days back, is still eluding the police, which have engaged a 15-member team including some officers staying in New Delhi and Kolkata for the last 12 days.Strangely enough, no call has been received by the victim's family so far from kidnappers either for ransom or for pressurizing the family to sell six kathas of their prime land in Ghirni Pokhar Jawaharlal Road area. Atulya Chakravarty and his brother Manik Chakravarty are still insisting that Navruna was kidnapped, most probably for putting pressure on them to sell out the property on kidnappers' terms. But total silence from the kidnappers has baffled the police as well.Senior SP Rajesh Kumar admitted on Monday that even after relentless efforts, the police have not been able to get a definite clue to the crime. But after interrogation of three arrested persons, it has become clear that the girl was kidnapped by someone living very close to the family, either relatives or neighbours.The SSP lamented that the family members had misguided the police with their contradictory statements thrice in course of the investigation. He said the family withheld the information that they had received Rs 21 lakh as advance from three property brokers for the sale of their land. Now, the police are trying to verify whether they had received Rs 50 lakh more from brokers or not. From bank accounts, it has come to light that both brothers have got Rs 5 lakh each and the rest 11 lakh has been given to other nine claimants of the property.The SSP said that the family members also gave contradictory information about the exit of criminals and the girl from the main door with the help of a duplicate key and the presence of two dogs in the house. However, the police are still working out on the theory of her abduction allegedly by her lover. The girl is 14 years old and she had written in her diary that she would marry a smart, handsome and rich boy who could tolerate her anger too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17109787", "title": "Stalls on roads add to traffic chaos", "text": "LUDHIANA: With shopkeepers in busy markets encroaching large part of roads with their stalls ahead of Diwali, residents are facing more traffic jams. Markets in Model Town, Ghumar Mandi, Dugri Phase I, Sarabha Nagar, Jawahar Nagar, BRS Nagar and College Road, among others, are worst-hit by the problem.Davinder Singh, a businessman of Model Town, said, \"Shopkeepers have encroached upon one fourth of the road in our area, especially near Krishna Temple. Their stalls leave little space for vehicles, causing massive traffic jams.\"Harminder Singh, a businessman of Ghumar Mandi, said, \"The road here is already narrow and traders' encroachment hardly leaves any space for commuters. The authorities must act tough against the violators.\"Amarjot Singh of Sarabha Nagar said, \"Parking space is inadequate because of which people park on roads. And compounding the problem in the festive season are traders who temporarily extend their shops till roads. How can authorities blink such violations?\"Baljeet Singh Toor of Dugri Phase 1 said, \"The municipal corporation and traffic police should clear the roads, so that already hassled commuters are spared of the harrowing snarls.\"MC commissioner R K Verma said, \"We are aware of the problem. Action will be taken against the violators. We are working closely with the traffic police to check traffic bottlenecks.\"MC zone D commissioner Ajay Sood said, \"Encroachment of roads during the festive season is a big problem. We are trying to remove these.\" A traffic police officer said, \"The encroachments have to be removed for smooth movement of traffic.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17109072", "title": "Officials ready to enforce noise laws", "text": "RANCHI: Cracker rules are most likely to go up in smoke this Diwali. Almost every youth is waiting to have a night-long blast and have drawn up huge lists of firecrackers they propose to buy. So get ready to plug your ears after sunset on the night of lights.\"I know high decibel bombs are banned and an FIR can be lodged but who cares? I have been bursting deafening crackers since my high school days and no one has stopped me as of now. Policemen on duty also join us in the celebrations,\" said the son of a leading businessman here.All crackers with decibel levels above 125 are officially banned during Diwali. \"But no one has ever stopped us. Even last year we enjoyed ourselves till midnight. Since it is a once-a-year celebration, I don't think anyone should object,\" he added.A senior IAS officer, who has served as the deputy commissioner of Ranchi, confided that despite having sweeping powers the administration does not lodge FIRs against offenders on grounds of \"religion\". \"If the DC orders an FIR against a person he will himself become the subject of criticism at home. Instead of lodging an FIR, we ask policemen to keep an eye on revellers and try to stop them,\" said the officer.The secretary of the Jharkhand State Pollution Control Board (JSPCB), S K Sinha, admitted that there has been gross violation of rules. He said no one follows the ban between 10 pm and 6 am. The board has not received any information of FIR from any part of the state.\"Bursting of all types of firecrackers, including those which do not emit sound, is banned after 10 at night. So we have decided to ask all DCs to take a written undertaking from traders and manufacturers that they are not going to sell and produce such crackers. In case there is any violation, the state can punish them by seizing their licences,\" said Sinha.An officer at the board said they are going to monitor pollution levels at important locations across the state. \"Our role is limited to issuing instructions and monitoring pollution. We hope the new strategy pays off,\" said the officer.The district administration has decided to act tough and strictly enforce noise pollution rules during Diwali. All crackers with decibels above 125 will be prohibited and they will follow the ban on noise between 10 pm and 6 am. The Ranchi deputy commissioner, Vinay Kumar Choubey, said, \"The laws will have to be followed by everyone. The agencies will be in place to discourage the use of crackers exceeding the noise limit.\"The DC is likely to convene a meeting with officials of the JSPCB before Diwali. \"In the meeting we will discuss the details of the enforcement mechanism. This year, the district administration will strongly deal with violators,\" Choubey added.Recently, changes have been made in the noise pollution rules inviting fines up to Rs 1 lakh and imprisonment of five years. The DC will be responsible for the enforcement of the rules in Ranchi.At city roundabouts like the Albert Ekka Chowk, Kutchery Chowk, Sahid Chowk, Karwala Chowk, Sujata Chowk and Kokar Chowk, noise pollution is seen in its worst form during Diwali. \"Local businessmen, mostly youths, buy and burst a huge number of firecrackers here,\" said a pollution control board official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17109803", "title": "40k textile workers may leave for good", "text": "SURAT: This year's Diwali vacation is weighing heavy on the country's biggest man-made fabric hub in the city. As migrant workers begin to leave the city for month-long vacation to their home towns in Odisha, Uttar Pradesh and Bihar, industry fears that about 10 per cent of textile workers (about 40,000 of the total four lakh) are not likely to return.The man-made fabric industry houses about 6.5 lakh powerloom machines, 400 dyeing and printing units, 50,000 embroidery machines and more than one lakh texturising machines.While the textile industry is yet to close down for the vacation starting November 10, migrant workers have already started moving out of the city with their family members and relatives.Most of the weaving units have been operating five days a week and have stopped the night shift due to the dwindling demand of polyester fabric and the rising prices of yarn.Industry experts said migrant workers have lot of employment opportunities in their hometowns following fast paced development of infrastructural projects in Bihar, Uttar Pradesh and Odisha. Also, migrant labourers have ample opportunities to earn money in different government schemes like NREGA.Devesh Patel, president, Katargam Weavers Association, told TOI, \"The standard of living in the city is very costly for migrant workers compared to their hometowns. Hence, many are looking out for jobs in their native places.\" If migrant workers continue to leave for another few years then the industry will not be left with any, he added.Prakash Prajapati, a weaving unit owner at Pandesara, said, \"In the last three years, I have lost 50 migrant textile workers. This year about 10 textile workers in my unit have shifted permanently to their hometowns in Bihar and Odisha.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17108965", "title": "Dejected lovers end lives in Jamshedpur", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Apparently not being able to marry, two young lovers ended their lives early on Monday. Victor Masih (25) and 19-year-old Tania hanged themselves from the footbridge adjacent to the Golmuri golf course.Masih, resident of Yamuna Road and Tania, resident of nearby Nanak Nagar in Tinplate , were in a relationship for the past few years butcouldn't get married owing to social and religious reasons. Preliminary investigations by police suggest that they were in a relationship for over two years. Golmuri police station in-charge, Indu Bhusan Ojha, said, \"More details will follow later as investigation is on.\" Police have also said that Masih was a married man and has a one year-old son. Police have also found an empty poison bottle from the site. The two bodies have been sent to the MGM Hospital for autopsy.Psychiatrists have expressed regret over suicide rate going wild in the Steel City. Dr A K Mishra, said, \"Suicide is not the answer to any critical issue.\"Over 150 people have ended their lives here in the past 10 months of 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17107059", "title": "Chavan cannot decide fast: NCP", "text": "MUMBAI: The NCP has for a while been peeved with chief minister Prithviraj Chavan's style of functioning. The NCP has made it known on several occasions that it doesn't approve of the CM's \"inability to take quick decisions\".NCP MLA and party spokesperson Nawab Malik said on Monday, \"Chavan is a decent man. But, he lacks the skill to take swift decisions.\"The already fragile Congress-NCP ties have become strained following the NCP's attack on its poll ally-the Congress.Close on the heels of the Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC)president Manikrao Thakre's statement that the NCP was a party of \"goons\", Malik has taken the Congress to task.Citing details, Malik said it is the Congress party which has a \"legitimate claim to being a party of goons\". \"In the 2009 assembly elections the Shiv Sena MLAs topped the list of public representatives facing police cases be it political or criminal. The NCP stands fifth in the list. Thirty-six Sena MLAs face police cases, while the Congress tally is 26 and 24 NCP MLAs follow them,\" Malik said. \"The independent and BJP MLAs facing cases are 36 and 26, respectively,\" Malik saidNCP chief Sharad Pawar too criticized the MPCC chief. Manikrao Thakre for his remark.Speaking in Karad on Sunday, Pawar asked, \"If the NCP is choc-a-block with goons then why is the Congress our ally in Maharashtra and at the Centre?.\"Meanwhile, Chavan and Pawar met at the Sahaydri guest house on Monday evening. They discussed the issue of revival of ailing district co-op. banks among other things.AT least six DCBs and several land development banks are currently in the red. The RBI has even barred these DCBs from accepting fresh deposits. While the state government and these institutions were banking on release of central funds due to the state under the Vaidyanathan package, union finance minister P Chidambaram had earlier raised an objection over the release of funds arguing that the validity of tapping funds under the project had lapsed.Sources said that Chavan and Pawar discussed alternative ways to bail out these banks till the funds are made available. The centre has asked NABARD for a report on the release of funds.Both leaders also decided to rein in the ongoing liberal war of words between leaders from both parties, sources said. The decision on raising cap on subsidized cooking gas was discussed too. The government is likely to take a final decision in this regard in this week's cabinet meet.Meanwhile, in a clear indication that the cabinet reshuffle was due in the coming days, CM Chavan said that talks were underway with the NCP in this regard. Chavan said that reshuffle will take place before the winter session. Sources said that the reshuffle could take place in the third or fourth week of November.Malik evidently took a cue from his boss and lashed out at Thakre. in a clear indication that the NCP loved to be at loggerhead with the Congress party.This year in July, Chavan while speaking at a private function had given a fitting reply to his detractors within the Congress and the alliance-NCP. Chavan while speaking at the function claimed the Democratic Front (DF) government under his leadership displayed greater transparency and efficiency. \"The rate at which I clear files is far better then my predecessors. I clear an average of 30 files day, as against 29 and 28 flies cleared per day by my predecessor,\" Chavan had said. Chavan's statement was seen as answer to the Congress MLAs and NCP legislators who are of the opinion that decision taking process in tenure of Prithviraj Chavan has slowed down in comparison to earlier chief ministers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "expert view", "code": "17108210", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcAct before it gets worse\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "Expert View: Prakash SinghUP is witnessing dangerous communal polarisation. There have been eight communal incidents in the state in the past eight months of the Samajwadi Party rule. The incidents were controlled with heavy deployment of police and paramilitary forces. However, if the existing trends are not arrested, there is every possibility of the situation going out of hand.Why has the communal situation in the state suddenly taken a nose-dive? The minority community, ever since the installation of the new government, has been showing an aggressive attitude. The fact that the Samajwadi Party was voted to power with their support and that it looks forward to their continued support in the forthcoming Lok Sabha election seems to have gone into the head of the extremist elements of the community. They are under an impression that they could take law in their hands and get away with it.This mindset was exhibited in a most brazen manner after the Alvida Namaz in Lucknow on August 17, when the hoodlums went on the rampage with the police remaining a mute spectator. Similar defiance of law was witnessed in Allahabad and Kanpur also. The government's appeasement was further shown when the chief minister, in a letter addressed to the district magistrates and superintendents of police, directed them to withdraw about 3,000 cases registered by the previous regime.It was alleged that the BSP government had been vindictive and had filed false cases against Samajwadi Party workers. The fact is that several of those being considered for release are criminal or communal elements and even suspected terrorists. The state government is making a mockery of the Rule of Law.No wonder, the communal elements, particularly those belonging to the minority community, are having a field day. There is, as a consequence, now backlash in the majority community and its communal elements are also becoming active, mobilizing the people and inflaming passions. The overall situation has thus become quite explosive.The political ineptitude is compounded by administrative inertia. The police officers at the top level today are incapable of inspiring the force and giving it a sense of direction. Orders given by them are just not taken seriously by the subordinate staff. The earlier governments, howsoever incompetent or corrupt they may have been, were very clear in conveying to the district officers that communal violence will not be tolerated.It is high time that the government takes appropriate measures to arrest this downslide. It should, instead of tinkering with the criminal justice system, strengthen it by implementing the reforms mandated by the Supreme Court. Metropolitan towns should be placed under Commissioners of Police. Officers with leadership qualities should be at the highest decision making level. Communally sensitive districts should have particularly capable superintendants of police.Anti-riot schemes need to be updated. Police should refine its riot control measures and modernise its gear. Message down the line should be loud and clear - that any communal eruption must be put down with a heavy hand irrespective of persons, parties or communities involved and that any delinquency in the matter would be severely punished.If the state does not ensure this, it may witness conflagration on a scale and of dimensions which would erode the ruling party's credibility and raison d'etre.(The writer is a former director general of police, UP)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "17109246", "title": "Meghalaya has less indebted farmers", "text": "SHILLONG: Meghalaya is known to be one of the least agriculturally developed states but it has been revealed that the state accounts for the one of the least number of indebted farmer households in the country.While Meghalaya has merely 4.1 per cent of indebted farmer households, Arunachal Pradesh stands second with 5.2 per cent of the same, which are amongst the lowest in the country.\"We are looking at increasing institutional credit flow for reducing dependence of farmers on non-institutional sources of credit. The credit flow has increased from Rs 86,981 crore in 2003-04 to over Rs 4.75 lakh crore in 2011-12,\" said an agriculture department official.The official revealed that though the Centre is pushing for credit coverage for the entire farming community, only 50 per cent of total farmer households in India are under the agricultural credit net which includes both formal and informal sources of credit.\"With farmers suicide due to huge debts sounding an alarm across the country, the need of the hour is to find ways to emancipate the farming population from this perennial woe and this is an area where the government ought to shift its focus to,\" the official added.In fact, in hilly states such as Meghalaya, a large segment of small and marginal farmers are excluded from the institutional financial system. The flow of credit is skewed across states and regions. Even within the states, there are sharp differences in credit flow to developed regions, regions with greater access to physical infrastructure and regions closer to urban centres as compared to underdeveloped regions.\"Due to a lack of banking penetration in remote areas, farmers, specially small and marginal, are largely dependent on moneylenders for credit against collateral. The government's agricultural credit schemes are far from their reach making them vulnerable to higher cost of credit,\" observed a senior official.According to a National Sample Survey Organization report on indebtedness of farmer households, of the 89.35 million farmer households in the country, 43.42 million are under debt. The report says that the most important sources of loan in terms of percentage of outstanding loan amount are banks (36 per cent) followed by moneylenders (26 per cent) and co-operative societies (20 per cent).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17107168", "title": "'Not industry honchos but touts prey on strugglers'", "text": "MUMBAI: Pretti Jaiin may have been the first actress to hint at \"casting couch\" in the Hindi film industry, but its existence has been the subject of whispers before and hence.Filmmaker Mahesh Bhatt says the industry has been in denial. \"Yes, the casting couch does exist. But the real players, whom I consider to be the movers and shakers of the film industry, do not indulge in this kind of debauchery.\" Jaiin's accusations against filmmaker Madhur Bhandarkar were quashed on Monday.There are some in Bollywood who endorse Bhatt's view, but add that the phenomenon is more prevalent in the suburb of Lokhandwala, where multitudes of aspirants reside though no movies are made. Industry insiders say the purported culprits are touts who, pretending to be casting directors and coordinators, are often seen hanging around production houses.\"They use our names to lure newcomers,\" complains a source in a big production house. \"We have filed cases against such dubious casting directors.\" A struggling actor explains, \"Boys are more exploited today than girls. You can clearly see this happening at coffee shops in the suburbs.\"Bollywood is not the only hunting ground for the exploiters. The world of television is as scoured for victims as the universe of films.Former TV honcho Priya Mishra, who recently filed a molestation case against Raja Mukherji, says, \"I heard from actresses about directors and producers while I was with television channels, but I did not take them seriously. After what happened with me however, I can say that it does exist and people should voice their protest.\" Mukherji denied Mishra's charges, saying he was being falsely implicated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17108449", "title": "UP to take a call on public-private partnership model in higher education", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief secretary Jawed Usmani has called a meeting of higher education officials on Tuesday to know the latest status of the public-private partnership in higher education. Usmani on October 26 wrote a letter to higher education officials directing them to look into the models given by UGC applicable for bringing in private investment in higher education, talk to potential stake holders, and find out what models are being followed by other states in higher education.According to the higher education officials, three models viz: outsourcing, reverse outsourcing and hybrid have been studied. The outsourcing model is based on 'build, operate and transfer' concept, which is sponsored by a business organisation. The reverse outsourcing model is where the state government is the financial supporter, while a business outfit takes care of the maintenance. In hybrid model, there is participation of both state government and private firm both in terms of finance and maintenance. Sources in the state government said that it is likely that a committee will be constituted to look in for private investment for higher education on Tuesday.Apart from PPP model, which will be the prime focus, higher education officers will present the status report on the issue pertaining to revision and updating of 50 courses in the academic session 2012-13. It is to be noted that of the total of 160 courses running in state universities, 67 have already been revised. Of the remaining 93, the government has set a target of updating 50 courses till the end of this academic session.Chief secretary has also asked the higher education officials to ensure that all universities and colleges undergo NAAC (National Assessment and Accreditation Council) evaluation, so as to improve the standard of education. Besides, the higher education secretary was instructed to write to the district magistrates of Gonda, Muzzafarnagar and Moradabad in context of making the land available for opening of colleges.The state government has decided to open colleges in five minority populated districts, which included these three districts. Higher education officials will have to update the chief secretary on this front.Education officials are hopeful of a positive development at the meeting which is scheduled at 10 am at Lal Bahadur Shastri Bhawan on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17107195", "title": "BEST's Diwali gift: 16 new double-deckers for SoBo", "text": "MUMBAI: In an early Diwali gift for citizens, public transport undertaking BEST has introduced 16 additional double-decker buses between Colaba and Worli.The buses, which started plying last weekend, operate from Monday to Saturday. On Sundays and holidays, four double-deckers will be available on the route -Bus No. 124.Apart from the double-decker buses, two single deckers will operate on the same route daily while nine single deckers will be pressed into service on Sundays.A senior BEST official said there was a huge migration of passengers from taxis to buses. TOI was the first to highlight this shift due to the hefty hikes in auto and taxi fares. This newspaper also indicated that the passenger growth in BEST buses was about 1.5 lakh to 2 lakh daily (during weekdays) after the fare hikes were announced on October 11.\"The Colaba-Worli route is predominantly a routewhere maximum passengers depend on taxis for travel. But recently, we saw a spurt in bus commuters on this route and this is the reason why we were compelled to deploy the double deckers from November 1,\" said a senior BEST official. \"With 16 double-decker buses plying during weekdays, we can easily accommodate several passengers, especially women and senior citizens, in our spacious buses. Also, they can travel at incredibly low costs,\" the official said.For example, if you are travelling a distance of 10 km between CST and Worli, you pay Rs 15 as bus fare. But the same distance covered by a taxi would cost you Rs 130. to the cabbie. So, you save more than a hundred rupees on a single trip daily. Sources said there are several office-goers who travel by cabs from Worli to Fort daily and they can now switch to the double deckers and save nearly Rs 5,000 a month (Rs 200 daily X 26 days)__which is quite a lot of money.\"If passengers have a bus pass, the ticket price will be cheaper and one can travel any number of times,\" said a commuter rights activist.It is learnt that the BEST operated double deckers on the same route more than four years ago, but they switched to the single deckers for reasons best known to the administration. \"But now, we can make huge profits if we run the double deckers. There is a big demand and we will succeed in wooing passengers to the BEST,'' an official stated. A taxi union leader said that the fare hike did not affect business of taxis in south Mumbai. \"In fact, our cabbies are now earning more after the hikes,'' he claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17108252", "title": "Maruti union plans fresh protest", "text": "GURGAON: The Maruti Suzuki Workers' Union (MSWU) is planning to stage a protest outside deputy commissioner P C Meena's office, demanding reinstatement of over 546 workers sacked by the company after the July 18 violence at its Manesar plant.Om Prakash, a representative of the union, said: \"The management had arbitrarily removed 546 workers despite only 211 being charged by the Special Investigation Team (SIT) constituted by the state government.\" The union members will also go on hunger strike and submit a memorandum to the district administration.A company source, however, said there was no question of taking back the sacked employees. The executive said that the workers would get Rs 5,400 as Diwali bonus. \"All the workers will get Diwali bonus. The management wants a cordial and peaceful atmosphere in both the plants.\"Regarding the Manesar plant reaching its normal production levels, the executive said that over 1,000 units were being churned out daily and the number is likely to go up. The plant has adequate number of workers at present, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17107782", "title": "New packaging norms to be implemented: Deshmukh", "text": "NAGPUR: Food and civil supplies minister Anil Deshmukh on Monday warned that strict action would be taken against those manufacturers of food products and consumer goods violating new regulations regarding packaging standards. The new norms have come into effect from November 1.Addressing a press conference, Deshmukh said products would not be allowed to be sold in odd fractions like 72gm, 93gm etc. Henceforth they would have to be fixed weights of 25gm, 50gm, 100, 250 or 500gms or more. \"After I noticed that some products like toilet soaps were marketed in odd size and wildly varying packs like 73gm with price tag of 75gm mentioned on it, I took up the matter with the Union government.\"There was an urgent need to have these products in standard packs with all makers following it to remove confusion for a consumer who wants to compare and contrast the products by size and cost,\" explained Deshmukh.He claimed his concept was accepted by the Union government which issued a notification on it recently. If consumers find packs in odd weights they can complain to the weights and measures department at toll free landline number 022-22886666 or personally at the department's local office, he said.Deshmukh also warned sweetmeat makers to ensure that good and hygienic quality of 'mawa'/khowa' is used for producing sweets which are in great demand during the Diwali festival. \"We have been keeping a strict tab on wholesalers selling substandard 'mava'. Consumers should remain alert and if they find vendors, shopkeepers selling stale sweets or less in weight, they should promptly complain to the department,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17106586", "title": "Tia is a very talented actress, claims Aftab", "text": "Aftab Shivdasani is happy about his latest release 1920 - Evil Returns and claims that his co-star Tia Bajpai is very talented .\"Tia is a very talented girl. I didn't get time to play pranks on the sets because the atmosphere was intense. However, we had lot of fun on the sets and people will know Tia's talent when they watch 1920 - Evil Returns ,\" said Aftab.On being asked about Aftab's compliment, an elated Tia said, \"That's really a big compliment. Aftab helped me a lot when we did those intense scenes.\"\"We both discussed about life and such real life incidents on sets. He didn't play any pranks,\" concluded Tia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17109725", "title": "Exhibition on holy scripts on canvas and paper", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Faithfully highlighting the holy scripts, an artist from Ludhiana, Kamaljeet Kaur, started to paint Gurbani texts from Guru Granth Sahib on canvas and paper. And now, Kamaljeet is all set to organize an exhibition \"Sadaf\" at Punjab Kala Bhawan in Sector 16 from November 8 till November 11, timings 11am to 7pm.Her collection would include abstract paintings in varied fonts and text from the Hindu mythology including Gayatri Mantra and Om. Beautifying her works, Kamaljeet has used lamps, ceramics and silk stoles for calligraphy.Kamaljeet is a postgraduate in clothing and textiles has a great fascination for letters and water colours. \"The transparency and softness of this medium reflects her soul,\" reads her website. In her creative journey, she has also excelled in crayons and acrylics. She has achieved near perfection in Gurbani calligraphy and is good at English and Hindi calligraphy as well.\"I took to calligraphy of holy texts since not many were doing so. Painting scripts inspires me and I feel the exhibition would be a great success. Canvas and paper painting can be hung on walls,\" she explained. This way, Kamaljeet feels she can promote the Punjabi language as well. \"The calligraphic texts are listed on my website too.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "17107739", "title": "Engineering student dies of dengue at Ghaziabad hospital", "text": "GHAZIABAD: In yet another suspected case of dengue, a 22-year-old engineering student died on Monday morning in a private hospital in Ghaziabad. The victim reportedly died of multiple organ failure. The city health department has, however, refused to consider it a dengue case saying that another test will be done to know the exact cause of death.The deceased, Vibhor Garg, was a resident of Kavi Nagar area and the only son of his parents. The deceased's father, Vijay Garg, runs a glass factory in Ghaziabad. The family said that Vibhor was suffering from fever from Thursday and had been admitted to Columbia Asia hospital on Saturday. \"Initially, we suspected that he was suffering from general fever, but after his condition deteriorated we admitted him to the hospital. His kidney and liver were damaged and on Monday at 4am he breathed his last,\" said the deceased's cousin, Anuj Garg.\"When Vibhor was admitted to the hospital, his platelets count was 1.25 lakh, but soon it went down to 28,000. On Sunday, first his kidney failed and he was put on dialysis, then his liver stopped working,\" Garg said.Chief of medical services in Columbia Asia hospital, Dr Ashish Chandra, said that when Vibhor was admitted to the hospital there were strong symptoms of dengue, but the exact cause of his death is yet to be ascertained. \"Vibhor had high fever and his blood pressure was very low. His initial dengue and malaria reports were negative. He died of multiple organ failure and prima facie it seems to be case of unspecified viral fever,\" Chandra said.Ghaziabad CMO, Dr Ajay Agarwal, said, \"The blood samples will be sent to the laboratory and only after the report will we know the exact cause of death.\"Vibhor's father has alleged that the hospital failed to diagnose the disease at first which led to delay in treatment. The family also alleged that the hospital refused to give them a hospital to take the deceased's body to the hospital, but relented after they protested in the premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "17109167", "title": "12 years of Sharmila fast against Armed Forces (Special Powers) Act", "text": "IMPHAL: Irom Sharmila Chanu completed 12 years of her hunger fast against the controversial Armed Forces (Special Powers) Act on Monday, marking the day with activists' renewed resentment over the government's failure to repeal the military act.The day also saw civil bodies meet to hold a discussion on the subject. The Sharmila Kanba Lup (Save Sharmila group), a women's body set up to show solidarity with Sharmila's unrelenting struggle, also organized a massive protest demonstration in Imphal.Sharmila (41) has been fasting since November 5, 2000, a couple of days after Assam Rifles personnel gunned down 10 civilians including a National Child Bravery Award winner near a bus stand at Malom village along the Imphal-Aizawl highway.\"Sharmila completes the 12th year of her fast today (Monday) and she is entering the 13th year of her stir. She will continue till the oppressive act is repealed. The state government as well as the 60 legislators are watching her struggle but are not taking steps to scrap the act. We are not happy with their attitude towards her struggle,\" Irom Singhajit, Sharmila's elder brother, told TOI.\"While Jammu &amp; Kashmir chief minister Omar Abdullah has the guts to directly approach the Centre to repeal the act, our CM, Okram Ibobi Singh , and his council of ministers as well as the ruling Congress MLAs have failed to do so and are ignoring people's wish,\" he said, adding these politicians have no political will at all to serve the people.Echoing Singhajit, Sharmila Kanba Lup convener S Momon Leima slammed both the state government and the Centre for flatly ignoring Sharmila and the people's demand to scrap the draconian act which gives sweeping powers to the armed forces to the extent of permitting them to shoot people on mere suspicion. \"We will continue to protest until the act is withdrawn to save Sharmila,\" she vowed.Fondly called 'Memngou' by her family, Sharmila is being force-fed through her nose at the state-run Jawaharlal Nehru Institute of Medical Science (JNIMS) close to her Kongpal Kongkham Leikai residence in Imphal East.The Ibobi Singh government had lifted Afspa from Imphal municipal areas covering seven assembly constituencies in 2004 in the aftermath of a massive public protest against the rape and brutal killing of Thangjam Manorama Devi by Assam Rifles troops in that year.Taking serious note of the growing incidence of crimes in Imphal by rebels, from abductions and killings to grenade explosions targeted at residences and offices of people, public places and at government forces, Ibobi Singh said that the Centre may re-impose the act in these areas.A few days ahead of the 10 assembly polls in January this year, Sharmila called politicians 'shameless people' as they failed to get the act scrapped despite their numerous promises to do so during electioneering.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17108624", "title": "Student found dead at BJ Medical College hostel", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A post-graduate medical student of BJ Medical College was found dead in mysterious circumstances from the postgraduate hostel campus in Shahibaug on Monday evening. Shahibaug police have sent the body for postmortem to ascertain cause of death.According to police, Dr Shailesh Hegde, a PG student of anesthesiology, was a native of Mangalore and lived in the hostel campus. He complained of fever and body ache for the past four days. He reported for duty for a few hours on Monday but retired to the hostel after telling fellow doctors that he wasn't feeling well. \"When his friends went to him late evening, he was asleep. However, when he did not wake up after several calls, the friends took him to hospital where he was declared dead. We have sent his body for postmortem to know cause of death,\" said A S Shukla, inspector of Shahibaug police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "17108873", "title": "National School of Drama artists recreate \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcpost-partition madness\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "GAYA: Staging two plays based on the stories of somewhat controversial and one of the better known fiction writers of the Indian sub-continent Saadat Hasan Manto, a group of Delhi artists including alumni of National School of Drama ( NSD), on Sunday evening recreated what the critics call 'post-partition collective madness'. The Delhi artists staged 'Khol Do' and 'Mouzel' at the Renaissance auditorium.The plays directed by theatre veteran Devendra Raj Ankur featured character artists like Amitabh Srivastava, Gauri Deol, Hema Bisht and Durga Sharma. Bisht played severely traumatized Sakina, a victim of sexual exploitation at the hands of her own self-proclaimed protectors and Mouzel, an extremely humane Jew girl in 'Khol Do' and 'Mouzel' respectively.Manto, the celebrated master in the art of breaking taboos portrayed Mouzel as an apparently wayward and street smart girl with a very tender heart ready to make the supreme sacrifice to save a rival in distress, something that does not come easily to conventional fiction writers, commented Renaissance president Sanjay Sahay. Manto peeped beneath the skin to discover wonderful human beings in the non- believers.The contrast between those wearing a religious mask and genuinely humane has been beautifully, though not very subtly, exposed by Manto through the two leading characters of 'Mouzel'.Whereas Mouzel's apparently lustful lover so easily discards his principles for the sake of fun, so to say, Mouzel, the not so dogmatic and apparently irreligious girl hates pretentions till her last moments. Like his other plays, Dev Raj Ankur, the director dispensed with the paraphernalia of the 'set' and presented the dramatic version of Manto's story without, in anyway compromising with the spirit of the stories and the extremely powerful narrative, according to culture buff Ashok Kumar, more than made up for the shortcomings of an imposing 'set'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "17109245", "title": "Village headman dies, five houses gutted in inferno", "text": "ITANAGAR: One person was killed and five houses were gutted in a devastating fire mishap at Kadu (Loglu) village, 10 km off the Koyu circle headquarters under East Siang district, on Sunday.A delayed official report informed here on Monday that Mintem Kadu, one of the house owners and the village gaon burah, was burnt to death in the tragic fire incident that occurred at around 4 pm.Household property worth lakhs of rupees were destroyed in the blaze. The exact cause of the fire is yet to be ascertained.Meanwhile, local MLA Tako Dabii in a fax message from Delhi sought immediate relief measures to be provided to the victim families from the DC, Pasighat. Local leaders and villagers have also extended their supported and are providing food and shelter to the victims, the report added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17108704", "title": "Prarthana goes down fighting in first round", "text": "PUNE: India's Prarthana Thombare came tantalisingly close to registering an upset victory in her debut match on the WTA tour before losing 3-6, 6-2, 6-4 against Chang Liu of China in the opening round of Indian Open Challenger tournament on Monday.The 18-year-old world number 956, who was given a wild card in the tournament, matched her opponent, ranked 574 places above her, stroke for stroke through the two and half hour encounter. But the lack of experience saw her exit in the $125,000 tournament.The junior national champion began on a promising note as she attacked her opponent's serve to take the first game of the match. However, Liu returned the favour immediately.Both the players barely managed to hold their serves and Prarthana grabbed the initiative when she claimed the seventh and ninth game off Liu's serve to pocket the first set.Prathrana looked to go for the kill in the second set and paid the price for the change in tactics as she lost the set in no time and set the stage for an enthralling decider.With the Shiv Chattrapati Sports Complex courts slightly on the slower side, both players resorted to a strategy of counter punching the opponents serve and it became difficult for both of them to hold on to the advantage.Liu was the first to get off the block, breaking Prarthana in the first game. The duo traded breaks till to stay even at 3-3 before the Chinese made the most of her experience to force Prarthana into committing a slew of errors and pocket the match.\"It was a great experience to play in this tournament and I thank the promoters Netsurf and MSLTA for giving me the opportunity,\" said Prarthana after the match.\"The slowness of the court and some errors on my part cost me crucial two points. And she simply raised the game in the last few games,\" Prarthana added.In other matches, 2009 Junior Wimbledon champion Noppawan Lertcheewakarn of Thailand overcame a spirited challenge from Israel's Julia Glushko 6-3, 7-5 to advance to the second round.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17107356", "title": "Probe launched into Wen family wealth", "text": "China's ruling Communist Party has launched an internal inquiry into allegations that Premier Wen Jiabao's family amassed $2.7 billion, after he himself asked for a probe to clear his name, according to a report on Monday.Hong Kong-based South China Morning Post reported that Wen himself sought a probe against the allegations made by the New York Times that his family has amassed a huge wealth during his 10-year tenure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17108401", "title": "Govt to roll out 300 additional ambulance", "text": "LUCKNOW: State health and family welfare minister Ahmad Hasan said the state government is planning to expand the 108 Samajwadi Ambulance Seva.In the first phase of the scheme, 133 ambulances were sent to 13 districts, and as per the expansion plan, 300 additional ambulances will be launched soon.Hasan said, \"The aim behind the expansion is that more people get primary treatment and ambulance service for free. The service will be started in all districts by December so that every person of the state can benefit from it.\"Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav launched the Samajwadi Swast Seva in Lucknow on September 14.Hasan said immediate and free treatment has been provided in 14,286 emergency cases so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17109856", "title": "Pain and gain for England in drawn tie", "text": "MUMBAI: England will leave for Ahmedabad, for their final warm-up game against Haryana, with mixed feelings.While Nick Compton (64 not out) and Joe Root (24) got some decent practice, with the former scoring his maiden fifty of the tour in three attempts, the bruise on Stuart Broad's left heel will give the visitors some headaches.Broad, who was stand-in captain in the drawn match, was taken for a scan on Sunday as he complained of discomfort after wheeling in 10 overs against Mumbai 'A'. His injury comes on the back of Steven Finn's injury that has kept him away from the first two warm-up games.Broad took the field on Monday, but didn't bowl and could be rested for the final preparatory game so that he's fit for the first Test. Earlier, England spinners Monty Panesar (3/64) and Samit Patel (3/44) wrapped up the Mumbai 'A' tail for 286, 20 minutes before lunch.The visiting English media waited in anticipation for a good start from their openers, who had been patchy so far. By twenty past one, though, the focus had shifted to the Indian squad named for the first two Tests and there was sudden excitement over the inclusion of Harbhajan and Yuvraj Singh. Perhaps, the visitors saw it as a warning after being deprived of spin all this while.England went into lunch at 13 without loss, Root scoring the runs with boundaries to fine-leg and third man.Compton, who was yet to open his account at the break, began with an edge between slip and gully for four off Kshemal Waingankar. There was a chuckle among the English scribes when the scorecard read 16-0 : It happened to be the visitors' highest opening stand on tour till date.Root failed to prolong his stay as he padded up to a Shardul Thakur delivery that cut in - following one that shaped away from him - to trap the batsman leg-before. That left the stage for Compton to steal the show, and he responded with a cautious 64 off 162 balls. The race for the England's second opening spot is on and Compton admitted being disappointed in the first tour game.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "17109806", "title": "'Saurashtra has got only injustice in 10 years'", "text": "RAJKOT: In the saffron forte Saurashtra on Monday, former chief minister and Gujarat Parivartan Party (GPP) president Keshubhai Patel accused his bete noire Narendra Modi of doling out empty promises to the local industries and said that the region has not benefited at all under his rule.\"Narendra Modi had said that engineering and foundry industry in Rajkot will be developed as automobile hub. But nothing has happened so far. They are giving away incentives to Tata for setting up Nano project but industries in Saurashtra have got nothing till date,\" Patel said, addressing a media conference.Criticizing BJP's 'Dhan daan' drive, Patel said that instead of giving any sops to Morbi's ceramic unit, government has only harassed those industrialists who did not give money to the party.Patel also alleged government has slapped closure notices to many dyeing and printing units in Jetpur.\"Modi has laid red carpet to big industries but has paid scarce attention to small-scale industries in Saurashtra, which have suffered a lot during the last 10 years,\" he said.Patel also said that he would contest from Visavadar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17107707", "title": "Special panel may probe Noida farmhouse scam", "text": "NOIDA: Evidence collected by the Uttar Pradesh Lokayukta in the inquiry into alleged financial irregularities in allotment of farmhouse plots in Noida may be handed over to a special committee for further investigations. Lokayukta Justice (Retd) NK Mehrotra said that copies of around 305 files received as evidence during an enquiry conducted in Noida on Monday might be handed over to a special committee or to a chartered or cost-accountant to verify anomalies in the allotment procedure.Justice Mehrotra, who questioned eight serving and retired officials of Noida Authority for over seven hours, said that a proper assessment would be done to determine the 'actual cost' of plots. \"It has to be assessed whether the costing procedure adopted during actual allotments was accurate or if the cost of plots, as determined by a separate procedure by the incumbent chairman of the Authority, is correct,\" said Mehrotra.In an inquiry conducted in March, the present chairman of Noida Authority, Rakesh Bahadur, had alleged a loss of around Rs 1,000 crore to the state exchequer through 'wrong interpretation of the Authority's bylaws' during allotment. Bahadur had blamed former chairman Mohinder Singh and 14 others for causing this loss while allotting 152 farmhouses.The Monday inquiry gathered evidence regarding the process through which the farmhouse scheme was launched, besides determining the basis of the costing procedure of plots. It has been alleged that Authority officials had bypassed the report prepared by UPICO, the consultant appointed for the allotment process, in order to favour certain individuals and companies. \"Officials were questioned to determine as to whether the UPICO report was taken into cognizance in determining the allottees,\" added Mehrotra.Meanwhile, the two-member committee set up to inquire into alleged financial irregularities in the Gautam Buddh University in Greater Noida, has also submitted an interim report to the Lokayukta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "17108398", "title": "CM hands out jobless, Kanya Vidya Dhan doles in Bahraich", "text": "BAHRAICH: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Monday distributed cheques to beneficiaries of the unemployment allowance and Kanya Vidya Dhan Yojna of Devipatan division at the Baharaich police lines grounds. On the occasion, the chief minister announced several projects worth crores of rupees comprising construction of 50 connecting roads including National Highway 28 connecting Lucknow to Nepal via Bahraich, re-construction of 10 bridges, setting up five new power sub-stations, tehsil status to Jamunaha block of Shravasti district, nursing training institute for girls, financial aid to Taalimi Society of Bahraich Dargah Shareef of Devipatan division and tourist circuit status to the Katarniaghat wildlife sanctuary.The chief minister reached the police lines by helicopter at 10.20 a.m. and distributed cheques to 25 beneficiaries each of the unemployment allowance and the Kanya Vidya Dhan before flying to Katarniaghat wildlife sanctuary. Later, district administration distributed the cheques to 9,943 beneficiaries of unemployment allowance (2,924 candidates from Gonda, 2038 from Balrampur, 4087 from Bahraich and 894 from Shravasti) and 5,027 beneficiaries of Kanya Vidhya Dhan Yojna (1,956 girls from Gonda, 991 from Balrampur, 1,472 from Bahraich and 608 girls from Shravasti).Speaking on the occasion, the CM said previous government spent all the money on the statues and stone structures. He said a statue of the former CM was recently broken by miscreants, but it could be replaced immediately with one of her many statues lying in spare.The chief minister assured he would never install his statues and would rather spend all the money on development, so that the youth could get employment and till the time they got a job, they would be given unemployment allowance. The CM said his government would focus on establishing communal harmony and setting up industries in the state.He said that when Mulayam Singh Yadav was the chief minister he had announced to give the unemployment allowance and the promise was fulfilled though resources were scanty and financial condition of the state was poor. \"But we are fulfilling the promise of giving the unemployment allowance, tablet PCs and laptops. The Rani Laxmi Bai Yojna would be implemented in the entire state and poor Muslim girls who have passed class X would get unemployment allowance too.\"The CM said foreign direct investment (FDI) in multi-brand retail will not be allowed in Uttar Pradesh, as small-scale industries and retailers would get unemployed. None of the multinational companies forayed in India have benefited farmers. In reply to a question, he said that he supported Congress at the Centre to keep away communal forces and not on the issue of FDI.The CM said prior to Bahraich such programmes were organised in Safai, Jhansi and Lalitpur as well but the kind of arrangements made here were excellent. The Samajwadi Party manifesto was presented amidst a musical programme by a group from Barabanki and the CM gifted them Rs 11,000 rupees. Labour and employment minister Vaqar Ahmad Shah welcomed the CM.Bahraich: Assuring the masses he was opposed to statue building, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Monday took on BSP leader and former UP CM Mayawati to reassert his government's commitment to spending money on creating employment opportunities for UP's youth.In Bahraich to distribute the Kanya Vidya Dhan and unemployment allowance, Akhilesh said he had immortalised the former CM by replacing her statue after it was recently vandalised. Saying the Samajwadi government would focus, instead, on utilizing government funds for giving out unemployment allowance to the youth till they got jobs, Akhilesh said the state government was also making efforts to bring more industries into UP. Apart from the unemployment allowance, distribution of free laptops and tablets, the chief minister also said his government had decided to implement the Rani Laxmi Bai yojna across UP and give unemployment allowance to poor Muslim girls who had passed Class X.Defending his government for the recent spate in communal violence, Akhilesh said no one would be allowed to tamper with the law and order conditions. Attacking the Centre's decision to allow Foreign Direct Investment in Retail, Akhilesh said his government would not allow the scheme to be implemented in UP since it would impact, adversely, small scale industries as well as retailers. Alleging that none of the multinational companies who forayed into India benefit the farmers, Akhilesh also said that though the SP government supported the Congress at the centre to keep communal forces at bay, the CM was opposed to the implementation of FDI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17107810", "title": "Can't take England lightly: Pragyan Ojha", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With the call for turning tracks growing louder and louder for the upcoming Test series against England, left-arm spinner Pragyan Ojha feels that it would be a huge mistake if India takes their opposition lightly.First it was Virat Kohli , then skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni and finally, Harbhajan Singh all have called for spinner-friendly wickets against England, so that India can avenge the ignominy of the 4-0 whitewash that they faced last year.However, Ojha who is an important cog in India's wheel opines that though India has the advantage going into the series but England is also a force to reckon with.\"Well, they are the number 2 side in Test cricket and the ratings speak for themselves. Though, we will have the advantage but we should not take them lightly. They have a number of players who play spin really well,\" said Ojha, when asked about how he rated the English team.With Harbhajan Singh being selected in the Test team, the three-spinner theory is also doing the rounds. Ojha, however, said that the selection totally depends on the team management and the nature of the wicket they encounter before the match starts.\"Look it totally depends on the wicket, on how things go, how we practice and the team management will decide. Right now I have no idea. I am totally focused and want to do well in the series,\" said a candid Ojha, on the sidelines of the Punjab-Hyderabad Ranji Trophy match.However, he added that playing on the sub-continent he would definitely like to bowl on spinner-friendly wickets.\"I think as a spinner I will definitely want more spinner-friendly wickets. It's a very important series for us and if we do well it'll be great. What's important is to bowl consistently and then you grow as a spinner,\" emphasizing on his role in the team.Ojha also congratulated Yuvraj Singh and Harbhajan Singh for their comeback into the Test team.\"I have learnt a lot from Bhajju paa. Its great to know that he is back in the Test team. He has been a constant source of encouragement for me and I look forward to play along with him,\" said Ojha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17107736", "title": "Expedite IAF crash probes, says Antony", "text": "NEW DELHI: Defence minister A K Antony on Monday asked the Indian Air Force to quickly complete all pending courts of inquiry into recent air crashes so as to better understand reasons behind them. There have been over 60 air crashes in the last five years.An official said Antony's instructions came during the meeting of the consultative committee of the defence ministry. \"Antony asked the IAF to complete all pending CoI proceedings into air accidents as early as possible and take appropriate remedial measures,\" he said.Vice-chief of air staff Air Marshal D C Kumaria briefed the members of the committee about various steps being taken to improve the safety record of IAF. He told the meeting that 63 category-I air crashes, in which planes were damaged beyond economic repair, had taken place in the last five years. Most of these crashes involved fighters, officials said.On the safety of IAF's helicopter fleet, Antony told the meeting that an inspection of all helicopter detachments was carried out after it emerged that a large number of chopper accidents took place when they were away from the parent base. \"These inspections resulted in highlighting several shortcomings and action is being taken on a priority basis,\" the defence minister was quoted as telling the members.Antony said a joint committee comprising representatives of defence ministry, IAF, Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd, DRDO and DGAQA has been constituted to monitor implementation of the recommendations of the court of inquiry specially for category-I aircraft accidents.The minister said another area of focus to improve safety records was the training standards of young fighter aircrew. The basic flying training task was shifted from HPT-32 to Kiran aircraft, and to make up for the deficiencies of training resources, the availability of Kiran aircraft is being enhanced to strengthen the foundation training of pilots, he said. \"Procurement of 75 Basic Trainer Aircraft has been fast-tracked and the first training course on the new trainer aircraft 'Pilatus' will commence in July 2013,\" the ministry said in a statement.It said MPs cutting across party lines complimented IAF for progressively bringing down category-I accident rates over the past 30 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "17107897", "title": "Protest against move to acquire land for setting up Malayalam University", "text": "MALAPPURAM: Though the revenue department has expressed confidence about acquiring land for the proposed Thunjath Ezhuthachan Malayalam University without evacuating people and acquiring farmland in Athavanad and Vettam in Tirur, local people have already come up in protest against the move.The university was formally inaugurated by the chief minister Oommen Chandy last week at a function held at Thunjanparamba. But the land for setting up the campus is yet to be identified. The government is planning to acquire land at Athavanadu and Vettam near Tunjanparamba for the university.The local residents have already submitted a complaint regarding this to the chief minister, when he came for the inauguration of the university. They have also approached V S Achuthanandan and Kodiyeri Balakrishnan demanding their intervention in the issue. The local people alleged that the location was not suitable for setting up a campus, as it was a highly populated area. \"There are other areas near Tirur where government land is available. We do not know why they are interested in this place to build the university,\" said Shafi, a local resident said.Meanwhile, janakeeya samarasamithi leaders have alleged that the authorities were threatening local residents who protested the land acquisition move. \"But we will not drop the agitation plans. The authorities should look for land somewhere else to set up the campus,\" samithi leader P K Chandran said.But, MLA C Mammootty said that the government was planning to acquire 100 acres of land for constructing buildings at Aathavanadu. \"The proposed land acquisition would not affect farm land or houses in the region,\" he said. \"Revenue department has informed that they would acquire land without affecting the farmland and families in the area. We hope that the land acquisition process would be completed smoothly,\" MLA said.In the meantime, it has been decided to construct a building on a 20 acre plot inside the Thunjan Memorial College campus, for the proposed university. The building will be handed over to the college, once the university becomes fully functional.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17107151", "title": "HC panel to look into shelter home 'abuse'", "text": "MUMBAI: Rapping the state and crime branch for its handling of the case about alleged sexual abuse of inmates at the Navjivan Mahila Vastigrah in Mankhurd, the Bombay high court on Monday appointed a panel to look into it. A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar expressed its dissatisfaction with the crime branch probe and asked deputy commissioner of police (highway traffic division) Rashmi Karandikar to look into the case. The other panel members\u00e2\u20ac\u201dAsha Bajpai of the Tata Institute of Social Sciences and psychiatrist Dr Harish Shetty\u00e2\u20ac\u201dwill visit the shelter home submit a report on the allegations of sexual abuse of inmates.The HC was hearing a suo motu petition on the alleged abuse of women at the shelter, following a newspaper report on the statement of a woman inmate who had escaped.Government pleader D A Nalavade told the court that the crime branch was probing the allegations. An affidavit filed by DCP Ambadas Pote said there was no evidence of any incident of rape or sexual assault of the inmates. The affidavit further said that NGO members who visited the shelter home had never heard of any incidents of armed men entering the premises and raping the inmates.The court rapped the crime branch for only probing the specific allegation. It also raised questions as to why no FIR had been registered in the case yet. The court pointed to the victim's videotaped interview stating that men would visit the shelter home and women caretakers would ask the inmates to go with the men and that those who protested were tortured. \"One witness' statement is enough to register an FIR,\" the judges said.The case will be heard on November 24. The panel has to submit its report by that date.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17107919", "title": "Shilpanagaram project enters second phase", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Kozhikode is all set to reaffirm its title of 'City of Sculptures' with the inauguration of the second phase of the 'Shilpanagaram' project. The project was inaugurated at the ADM Bungalow here on Monday. Artist Namboodiri inaugurated the second phase of the project by chiselling a granite stone. District collector K V Mohan Kumar presided over the function.Seven sculptors including two women sculptors from different parts of the state are participating in the 21 day camp. The camp is being organized by Lalithakala Academy in association with district tourism promotion council. Sculptors Jeevan Thomas, Rajashekharan Nair, Valsan Kolleri, Anila Jacob, K P Pradeep Kumar, Nijeena Neelambaran and Rajeev are participating in the camp.Sculptures carved by the artists will be installed at select locations at the Kozhikode Beach, said district collector K V Mohan Kumar, who is also the chairman of DTPC.A camp exclusively for women sculptors will be conducted in the third phase of the project, he added.The food and accommodation for the camp members has been arranged by DTPC. Remuneration for the artists and their assistants and the amount required for purchasing granite stones is being offered by the Lalithakala Academy, said camp director Jeevan Thomas.Meanwhile, Raghavan Atholy, a Kozhikode-based sculptor, who staged protest at the inaugural venue alleging bias on the part of the organizers, was taken into custody by the police. Raghavan Atholy who was taken to Chevayoor police station was later released.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17107552", "title": "Govt cracks whip on random auto fares", "text": "KOLKATA: The state government is aiming at bringing parity in the fare structure of autos that ply at different parts of the city and its suburbs. As a first step towards achieving the goal, state transport minister Madan Mitra held a meeting with the auto unions of North Kolkata and North 24-Parganas on Monday. The minister will hold another meeting with the unions of Howrah, South 24-Parganas and South Kolkata on Tuesday.However, Mitra on Monday made it clear that the government had no intention to increase auto fare. The fare will be restructured only if it is found that the autos are plying less kilometers with a rate higher than the standard rate. \"The government has received complaints that some autos on different routes have increased the fare by Rs 2 or more. So I asked the police officers to check if the auto drivers were fleecing the passengers,\" he said.During the meeting, Mitra had asked Kolkata Police DC (Traffic) Dilip Adak and Bidhannagar police commissionerate DC (Traffic) Pranab Kumar to see that the passengers are not forced to pay more. He also asked the auto unions to submit their existing fare structures to the police stations so that the cops can gauge if they were charging the right fare. Besides, the minister advised the drivers to stop charging exorbitantly at night. He asked them to submit a list if the autos were plying by splitting routes. Even a police complaint cell had been set up, so if autos are not running the full length the passengers can lodge complaint.In the meeting it was discussed if the transport authority can set up a fare structure, because at present the auto-unions decide the fare structure, which the minister felt was unfair.The auto unions, on the other hand, complained that they were facing a crisis of LPG gas as the pumps were not having adequate stock. West Bengal Petroleum Dealers' Association president Tushar Kanti Sen said the shortage is being felt since the Centre had clamped the allocation of gas cylinders for domestic use. \"Since domestic cylinders were diverted for filling up autos, there was no shortage earlier. But the situation has changed after subsidized cylinders were capped,\" he said.Sen informed the minister that Petronax was willing to set up some LPG centres in the city and it'll cost around Rs 1.5 crore for setting up each centre.The auto unions also raised the issue of conversion of some autos as around 4,000 autos that had been registered were waiting for permits to ply in the city. According to sources, Mitra wants to regularize the autos that had applied for conversion from two-stroke to four-stroke engines. Apparently, he has set January 31 as the deadline for the conversion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17107783", "title": "Lover \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcmarried\u00e2\u20ac\u2122, woman kills herself at his house", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 20-year-old woman committed suicide at her boyfriend's house in the capital after she came to know that he is married. Ranjana, from Naraina in southwest Delhi, allegedly hanged herself from a ceiling fan at Vikash Jain's rented house in the same area on Saturday evening, police said on Monday.Jain (25), who found the body, has been detained for questioning. No suicide note has been found, said cops.\"Ranjana's family members said she had a key to Vikash's house. On Saturday, she went to his house to give him his lunch,\" said a police officer. Ranjana's mother, however, said she had left home, saying she was going to office.Sources said Ranjana and Vikash had started seeing each other a few months ago, and she wanted to get married. However, Vikash reportedly told her that he was married.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17108811", "title": "DNA test facility at Patna Forensic Science Laboratory soon", "text": "PATNA: Deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) test at the Forensic Science Laboratory (FSL) in the state capital would soon be a reality as the government has purchased the machine from the US at the cost of Rs 2.10 crore. Bihar police are also to install high resolution cameras at strategic locations in the state capital for continuous surveillance on the city's main streets.In the absence of DNA test facility in Bihar, the state police send samples either to Hyderabad or Gandhi Nagar (Gujarat) FSL. Since these two FSLs are already overworked with samples for test from different parts of the country, the state police get the test result after several months. With DNA test machine in the state, police would get result fast which would expedite investigations. According to DGP Abhayanand, the machine will become operational by December end.The civil works at the place where the machine would be installed has been completed and approved by the supplier's personnel. As per the schedule, it would be installed on November 12. The DGP said a reagent is required for DNA test. The state government has spent another Rs 25 lakh for purchasing the reagent which would reach the FSL here on the same day the DNA equipment would be installed.As per the agreement reached between the supplying firm and the state government, the firm's technicians would train the young scientists at the FSL about proper handling of the equipment. Some of the scientists have already worked on DNA equipment.According to sources, eight young scientists would work on the machine. Once it gets operational, Bihar police would be able to solve complex crime cases which hitherto was very difficult for the investigating officers to reach the right conclusion.According to reports, the city surveillance scheme (CSS) would also be in place very soon. Some of the cameras purchased for the purpose were used at the JD-U's Adhikar Rally on Sunday. \"It had definitely helped in keeping tab on the crowd assembled at the Gandhi Maidan,\" said a senior IPS officer.The DGP maintained that 50 such cameras would be installed on the busy city thoroughfares as it would not only help in monitoring traffic but also the hoodlums who dare commit crime on the roads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17107201", "title": "Brothers die in bike crash at Malabar Hill", "text": "MUMBAI: Two brothers returning after meeting their mother in the hospital died after their biked skidded off the roadnear Hanging Gardens at Malabar Hill on Sunday night. The police have registered an accidental death report. The Tardeo residents-Himmat (25) and Umesh Chouhan (22)-are survived by their two married sisters and old parents. Both were unemployed.Police said their mother Mangala Chouhan, who works as a sweeper with the BMC, was admitted to Elizabeth hospital on Thursday. \"Mangala was suffering from diabetes , blood pressure and heart ailments. A week ago, Mangala's husband Khimji had suffered a stroke and was undergoing treatment,'' said a relative Arvind Chouhan. Arvind said Umesh was not wearing a helmet. \"A woman who witnessed the accident immediately took out the cellphone from Umesh's pocket and called the last dialled number. She informed us and the police about the accident. By the time we reached, police had shifted the Himmat and Umesh to Nair Hospital.''While Umesh was declared dead on arrival, Himmat died on the way to the hospital with multiple head injuries, said police. Police said that from the scene of crime, it appears that the bike was at a high speed and the driver had lost control.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17109185", "title": "Over 100 UFOs seen along China border", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Army troops deployed along the China border from Ladakh in Jammu and Kashmir and Arunachal Pradesh in northeast have reported more than 100 sightings of \"Unidentified Flying Objects\" (UFOs) in the last three months.Agencies including the Army, DRDO, NTRO and the ITBP have not yet been able to identify these luminous flying objects.The 14 Corps, which looks after military deployment along Kargil-Leh and looks after the frontiers with China, has sent reports to the Army Headquarters about the sightings of UFOs by an ITBP unit in Thakung near the Pangong Tso Lake, Army officials said here.Reports suggested that these yellowish spheres appear to lift off from the horizon on the Chinese side and slowly traverse the sky for three to five hours before disappearing.The officials confirmed that these UFOs were not Chinese drones or satellites.They said Army had also moved a mobile ground-based radar unit and a spectrum analyser to verify the identity of the object but could not detect the object that was being tracked visually, indicating it was non-metallic.Army officials expressed concern over the inability of agencies to identify the object which some believed could be a Chinese surveillance equipment.Sources said similar reports had emerged about five-six years ago about sighting of such objects but the matter was not taken up at higher levels.Reports suggested that a group of mountaineers had seen a UFO in 2004 in Lahaul and Spiti valley in Himachal Pradesh and investigations were launched into the incident by various agencies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17109271", "title": "Traffic snarls: Public to blame as much as police", "text": "KANPUR: The scenario in the city is no different during the ongoing 'traffic month'\u00e2\u20ac\u201dthere are snarls everywhere you go and throughout the working day. The chaotic scene at congested pockets of the city remains the same worsened further by encroachments and public flouting traffic rules. Tempos parked on the roads haphazardly only compound the sorry situation. Movement of hand-pulled rickshaws and horse-carts on busy paths like Mall Road and Mahatma Gandhi Road are another cause for traffic bottlenecks in the industrial city.Though there is nothing ever new about traffic snarls, the major one on Monday evening was result of the festive rush in markets blocking smooth vehicular movement. People were unable to find parking place for their vehicles. On November 1, when the traffic month was being inaugurated at Narhona crossing in the presence of top district police officials including deputy inspector general Amitabh Yash, district magistrate M P Agarwal, additional district magistrate city Anup Srivastava besides several other prominent persons of the city, the public was still caught in a traffic jam somewhere or the other at a number of places in the city\u00e2\u20ac\u201dincluding the venue, Narhona crossing.When TOI probed into reasons for the jam and the mess at Govind Nagar on Monday evening, encroachment of the road by shopkeepers of the furniture market on the main road emerged as the prime factor followed by poor traffic sense of the commuters and mismanagement by traffic police. The jam in Govind Nagar area forced people to escape through the arterial roads to reach Vijay Nagar and head towards their respective destinations. Those who had to move towards P Road and Jarib Chowki were left with no option but to inch through vehicular rush.Drivers of four-wheelers were seen taking a U-turn to avoid getting stuck up in the jam but with long rows of tempos and autos even the pedestrians were stuck up with space not enough even to walk. A jam was witnessed also at other major localities like Gumti, Jarib Chowki, P Road and Kalyanpur.There is no check on encroachments by the shopkeepers. The traffic police personnel make hardly any effort to curb the crisis which is routine causing wastage of time and fuel of the public.The worst hit are markets near railway crossing. Encroachments near the railway crossing add to the woes of commuters, maximised by prolonged closure of the crossing gates when trains pass. Such a situation is witnessed at all the busy railway crossings in the city.Allahabad railway crossing at COD and Cantt railway crossing at Jarib Chowki, Gumti and Kalyanpur are busy railway crossings which lead to traffic congestion at all times of the day.Once the railway crossing open, commuters crisscross the path in a hurry and often enter into arguments or brawls with each other. In a short span of time, the queue of the motor-cycles and cars stretches to not less than a kilometer and leads to utter chaos.The situation at busy commercial places in the city like Ghantaghar, Moolganj, Meston Road, Maniram Bagiya, Birhana Road too is just as bad if not worse.Traffic cops on duty face a tough time managing the rush. Some impatient commuters add to the confusion in these busy markets by jumping signals or leaving their vehicle unattended.\"In a hurry, people flout all traffic rules. When this happens at busy crossings, it leads to a jam or people entering into heated arguments with each other. They often jump traffic lights installed at prominent crossings, adding to traffic woes \", said a traffic police inspector talking to TOI.He added that public should respect traffic rules and follow them to ensure the city gets some respite from traffic congestion.The situation at Ramadevi was no better. Long queue of vehicles especially heavy ones was visible. The busy crossing which falls on national highway-25 connects Kanpur and Lucknow and it was in a bad shape too on Monday. Whatever space was left on the highway had been captured by fruit vendors. As a result, the wide highway had turned into a narrow lane.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17109845", "title": "Maha Panchayat for constitutional status to Dr Ambedkar memorial", "text": "INDORE: President of Dr Ambedkar Parinirvan Samman Programme Committee Indresh Gajbhiye on Monday said a National Dalit Maha Panchayat will be organized on December 6 on New Delhi-Chandigarh highway. The Maha Panchayat will be organized if the UPA government fails to provide constitutional status to the proposed Dr Ambedkar Memorial in Aligarh, New Delhi.Gajbhiye, who is also chairman of Madhya Pradesh SC Corporation (Cabinet rank) was addressing the media persons at Residency, here, said that the memorial should be developed and provided constitutional protection as accorded to Raj Ghat under the Rajghat Samadhi Act.Lakhs of people from across the country are expected to attend the Maha Panchayat.\"Prime minister Manmohan Singh has cheated the scheduled caste people in the name of memorial report by Narendra Jadhav committee,\" he said adding that the report does not mention about the constitutional protection to the proposed memorial. \"The scheduled castes have been deprived by the UPA government,\" he reiterated.Gajbhiye further said that the Aligarh memorial has been proposed on 1 to 1.5 acre land. \"The properties around the memorial must be acquired to develop it,\" he said.Gajbhiye said that his demand is not a political one, and should be seen as in the national interest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17108922", "title": "Computer training must for grade C govt employees", "text": "PATNA: The state government is training all its grade C employees in computer skills as part of its plan to strictly enforce the Bihar Government Servants (Computer Competency for recruitment and confirmation) Rules, 2011 in giving increments to the staff below 50 years of age. The rules will be applicable in fresh appointments as well.Under the rules notified in Bihar Gazette on May 24, 2011, the Grade C employees of different government departments to the block level are being imparted computer training in different phases.The information &amp; technology (IT) department is acting as a nodal department to facilitate computer training to the employees so that they pass the tests conducted by the DOEACC Society, an autonomous scientific society of the Union ministry of communications and information technology, which is now known as National Institute of Electronics and Information Technology (NIELIT).IT minister Shahid Ali Khan told TOI that the training programmes were being conducted by the DOEACC-approved IT training agencies across the state.The DOEACC official, P K Singh, said more than 300 approved IT training centres have been assigned the job of giving training to the state employees and most of them were providing regular training after being approached by different government departments and agencies.The rules provides: \"Notwithstanding any otherwise provision contained in Service/Cadre Rules of the state government where passing of computer competency is required for appointments and no special qualification has been prescribed, the certificate of passing a course of DOEACC Society shall be determined by the department of IT for confirmation in each service/cadre.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17109016", "title": "Cyber crime cell makes no headway in solving cases", "text": "TRICHY: The Cyber Crime Cell, established eight months ago in Trichy, has not achieved much progress in cracking the cases, according to police. They say that most of the cases, which are mostly related to ATM frauds and online cheating, are complicated.Earlier, cyber crime cases were handled by the regular police at the respective police stations. During that time, the investigation of such cases was dragging for a long time and the police were struggling to crack them. The delay was attributed to the work pressure due to other cases. To speed up the probe, an exclusive cyber crime was set up on February 17.Since the establishment of the cell, complaints started pouring in at regular intervals. Complaints about missing mobile phones, ATM fraud, online cheating and harassment through mobile phones were lodged by the people in Trichy.However, the cyber crime police team could not make headway in many of the cases. Police claimed that a lot of complications in going through such cases delayed the process. Recently, the cell received a complaint from a woman that her identity was misused by some miscreants and an account was created in her name on Facebook. Moreover, the offenders posted obscene comments and pornographic contents through the fake account.A police official said, \"The case is being investigated but the account can only be blocked by a nodal officer of the Facebook. But, the process would drag for a long time.\"For instance, two complaints, received in connection with ATM fraud in February and March were pending with the police. In the two cases, the money was stolen as the customers did not block the card after they lost their cards. Though the police located the ATM centres where the culprits accessed through the stolen cards, they could not be arrested.In this case, police blamed the banks for installing poor quality CCTV cameras inside and outside the ATM centres.Recently, a man complained that he lost Rs 33 lakh to a fake online lottery company. Similarly, a youth claimed that he paid Rs 3 lakh to a fake company, which offered him a job abroad, through online. Both the cases are under investigation, police said the police.Meanwhile, the cyber crime police cracked five out of seven cases about mobile phone missing and succeeded in detaining offenders in harassment cases.However, some of the police said that a full-fledged cyber crime lab would further help them to track the cases easily. The cyber crime police also appealed to the public to be aware of the increasing number of various types of cyber crimes to prevent them from complications.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17107546", "title": "Restaurant worker goes missing", "text": "KOLKATA: A 35-year-old man, who had joined a fast-food restaurant chain only a week ago, went missing after he left his home for his work on Friday. Though his family alleged that he has been abducted, police are yet to confirm it.Biswanath Dutta, the restaurant employee, had been working in the housekeeping department at the food joint's Kasba outlet for the last one week. On November 2, Dutta - a resident of Halisahar, North 24-Parganas - had left home for work after he received a call from his superior, Nepal Biswas. But he did not return home till late on Friday. His family members alleged that they contacted Dutta's employer but the latter refused to cooperate with them to trace him.The family later lodged a complaint with Bijpore police station.Kartick Dey, one of Dutta's friends , alleged that the Dutta family has been receiving some peculiar phone calls since Friday. But none asked for any ransom in any of the calls, he confirmed.On Monday, Dey reached the Kasba outlet of the restaurant chain and inquired about his friend. But Dutta's superiors - Moumita Pramanik and Nepal Biswas - did not cooperate with him, Dey complained.From the outlet, Dey then went straight to Kasba police station and informed the cops about the apathy of the employers to trace Dutta. Receiving the complaint, cops from the police station reached the outlet for an inquiry.\"Dey informed us about the missing person. We visited Dutta's workplace but did not find anything unusual. We checked the attendance sheet and have gone through the CCTV footage. But we found that he did not turn up there on November 2,\" said an investigator.Three days after the complaint was lodged, police on Monday said they had no clue about the whereabouts of Dutta. \"We have informed other agencies to trace him. His cellphone is also switched off,\" said a senior police officer.Before joining the restaurant chain, Dutta worked at a shopping mall off Eastern Metropolitan Bypass.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "17109087", "title": "New post created for Mary Kom", "text": "IMPHAL: The Manipur government on Saturday appointed Olympics bronze medalist M C Mary Kom as superintendent of police (sports), a new post created in the department to upgrade her designation.Chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh had announced in August his government's decision to promote Mary to the rank of SP (sports). Singh had also given Mary three acres of land for her boxing academy.Mary's husband Onler Kom said, \"We have been informed by officials that the process for handing over the land for setting up a boxing academy is almost complete.\"The Union sports ministry and the North East Council have already assured boxer to help with the construction cost for the academy christened 'MC Mary Kom Boxing Academy'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17107628", "title": "New York salon pianist plays ragpickers\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 green sonata", "text": "NEW DELHI: Fifty-two-year-old Mohammed Nazir and his wife Manwara Begum are no stars. They don't have fans jostling for their autographs or photos. In fact, they aren't sure if their employers in Netaji Nagar - from whose homes they pick up the garbage - even know them. But on Monday evening an entire auditorium with a 50-strong audience were captivated by the notes that comprise their names.For as the fingers of Kimball Gallagher, classical pianist from New York, flew over the keys, it was not just rapturous melody that filled the air but also a musical rendition of the names of the two ragpickers.Bringing together music, environment and a message on the city's ragpickers, NGO Chintan along with Gallagher organized a piano night, 'Economy by Means'.\"The idea is to spread the message of judicial use of resources and the concept - use less, waste less. This will be represented in the composition Gallagher will play,\" said Bharti Chaturvedi of Chintan. Starting the show with LV Beethoven Sonata in C-Sharp Minor, a composition made from three notes played 268 times in four minutes, Gallagher brought to fore the beauty of melody made from a limited number of notes.\"This is the need of the hour. To use minimum resources in the best possible way,\" Gallagher said. Seeking to revive salon culture, Gallagher is on a tour of India and has already played in Bangalore, Pune and Mumbai. Drawing inspiration from an old tradition popularised by Johann Sebastian Bach, he has woven his composition around the names of the two ragpickers.How did Gallagher achieve this?\"There are seven notes in music - A, B, C, D, E, F and G. These notes are arranged with subsequent alphabets in a matrix so that each letter is located under a musical note. The name is then spelt out with the corresponding note,\" Gallagher said.However, the assignment of notes is just the skeletal structure of the composition, he said, for \"after this a lot of melody is put in place\".As Gallagher played his composition, Manwara and Nazir, initially unaware, livened up once they realised what he had done. \"He had spoken to us before but we did not realise this is what he was planning,\" a beaming Nazir said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17109680", "title": "Efforts to bring CNG to state intensified through MoU", "text": "JAIPUR: The state-owned public sector unit (PSU) Rajasthan State Petroleum Corporation Limited (RSPCL) entered into a pact with the Gas Authority of India Limited (GAIL) to form a joint venture, Rajasthan State Gail Gas Company. In a new venture signed on Monday, RSPCL will act as the nodal agency and facilitate GAIL in acquiring land for stations and develop other necessary infrastructure for city gas distribution network.The agreement will intensify the efforts to bring compressed natural gas (CNG) in the state. The first project of the new firm will kick off from Neemrana, where the company is expected to develop a CNG station for industrial use. \"The state government will get huge benefits from the joint venture. The government will provide the necessary infrastructure like laying of pipe lines and setting up of stations. In lieu of this we will get access to pollution free CNG and PNG from GAIL,\" said Ajitabh Sharma, managing director, Rajasthan State Mines and Minerals Limited.He added, \"Through the new company we will also plan to bring pipelines from the existing trunk line of Hazira-Vijaipur-Jagdishpur in the state. This will benefit many industries and domestic users in Rajasthan.\" In the joint venture GAIL will have stake of 26% while RSPCL will have 24% share. The rest 50% will be contribute from the private investors and financial institutions. Officials from GAIL maintained that signing of MoU is just a stepping stone for the venture. \"We will make a proper business plan in next one year. It is certain that the state government and GAIL will bid for CNG stations jointly,\" said a GAIL official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17108612", "title": "Suspected ISI agent tried to infiltrate Army", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Naushad Ali Saiyad, 23, who was arrested from Rajasthan by the crime branch on suspicion of being an ISI agent, was attempting to enlist in the Indian Army. Saiyad, who hails from Jodhpur, confessed his intention to crime branch officials.Naushad, who is now in crime branch custody, told police that his ISI handler - Tahir Khan of Karachi - asked him to join the army and supply inside information to the Pakistani intelligence agency.Thus far, three ISI agents other than Saiyad have also been arrested by crime branch - Sirajuddin Fakir from Ahmedabad along with his accomplice Mohammad Ayyub Shaikh and Idrish Pinjara of Jamnagar. Fakir, who works for a private contractor supplying poultry products to army cantonments in Gujarat and Shaikh were arrested for providing information of the Indian Army's movements and activities in Gujarat. Pinjara was nabbed for providing information about the Indian Air Force base in Jamnagar.Of the three, Naushad is the most educated - a graduate. \"This is why he was chosen for the Indian Army infiltration assignment. After being directed to by Tahir, Naushad visited a local office of the Army in Rajasthan and inquired about their next scheduled recruitment. Saiyed had also begun regular physical training and exercises for to prepare for recruitment,\" said crime branch officials.\"ISI officials used family ties of the three - Naushad, Fakir and Pinjara - to use them for espionage. All three told us that their sisters have married Pakistani nationals and now live in Karachi. All three's sisters say ISI agents visit them often and pressurize them to get relatives in India to work on subversive assignments. The three were recruited by Tahir during one of their visits to Pakistan,\" said crime branch officials. The trio told crime branch that they fell in line with the ISI officials' demands because they feared that their sisters would be tortured by Pakistani forces. All three women are yet to be granted Pakistani citizenship.Crime branch officials said: \"Whatever information the trio have passed on to the ISI till date, is not critical. However, we believe that these spies could have been used for more critical spying assignments in the future.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "17109719", "title": "Restaurant in Jaisalmer haveli shut down", "text": "JAISALMER: The restaurant inside Jaisalmer's protected Patwa Haveli has been shut down by its owner.The Times of India on October 29, 2012 had reported how a restaurant - in a blatant breach of rules - was opened by a private hotelier at 3127B haveli during Dussehra. The owner on Saturday decided to shut it after the district administration and the officials of the art and culture department issued a warning following the TOI report, 'An eatery in the middle of Jaisalmer's protected haveli.'The department officials wrote a letter to the chief medical and health officer issuing directions for cancellation of food licence to the restaurant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17109716", "title": "Gujjar quota: OBC panel to submit report within a week", "text": "JAIPUR: The Other Backward Classes (OBC) commission is ready to submit its report of recommendations with regard to quota benefits for the OBC communities, including the Gujjars, to the state government within a week.\"We will submit the report within seven days,\" commission's chairperson Justice I S Israni (retd) told TOI on Monday.In September, the commission stated it was likely to submit its report in October, but it got delayed after the Gujjars and certain other OBC communities questioned the correctness of the survey data provided by the state government. There were reports that as per the survey data provided to the commission there were many communities far more backward than the Gujjars who have been holding statewide agitations-some of them even violent-to get their quota in government jobs increased.Following the Gujjars and other communities' reservations about the survey data, the state government directed its different departments to provide lists of OBC communities' employees working with them. The added information was provided to the commission last month, said sources.The Gujjars under Col Kirori Singh Bainsla have repeatedly registered their protests with the state government about the delay in the commission's report and ultimately the obstructions in resolving the quota issue. Last week the Gujjar leader said it would be difficult for him to keep the community men calm for long. The state government, nonetheless, managed to buy time from the community leaders yet again.\"Col Bainsla met the chief minister and we also had a meeting with the chief secretary on the issue. The government assured us that the matter would be resolved by November 10, so will wait till then before regrouping ourselves for another round of agitation,\" said Himmat Singh, spokesperson of the Rajasthan Gujjar Aarakshan Sangharsh Samiti.The current issue pertains to whether the Gujjars, along with the Rebari, Banjara and Garia-Lohar communities, could be put in a separate category, the Special Backward Classes (SBC), and given a separate 5% quota in government jobs and admission to educational institutes. The SBC category was created by the Vasundhara Raje-led government that drafted the state's reservation Act in 2008.However, the Act was stayed by the Rajasthan high court as the overall quota limit in the state jobs shot beyond the 50% limit put by the Supreme Court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17109202", "title": "Bicycle brigade spreads Bhupen message in 85-km ride", "text": "GUWAHATI: As the state was getting ready to commemorate balladeer Bhupen Hazarika on his first death anniversary on Monday, with the first ray of the sun striking Assam , a brigade of 150 fans of the singer took off on a tribute journey on bicycles from Nalbari to Guwahati.The group started their 85-km journey from Boritapa Thutikata Milan Bazar in lower Assam's Nalbari district early in the morning and ended it at the singer's cremation site on the Gauhati University premises after a few hours.The bicycle brigade was in high spirits after completing the journey, which was undertaken with an aim to popularise the ideals of Hazarika, whose mission in life was to arouse people's consciousness so they think about others.\"Bhupenda always encouraged us to work united for the cause of humanity. The purpose of our journey was to spread Bhupenda's message that every human being should work for the sake of other human beings. Through this bicycle journey, we spread the message among villagers along the way that the interest of the country comes first,\" said Babu Purushottam Das, an athlete who set a record in the India Book of Records by walking 104 km backward in 24 hours and 14 minutes in May last.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "gary fisher, a pioneer in the sport of mountain biking, sees a big market for the off-road biking sport. he is in india with a range of bicycles designed by him to popularize the sport. in an interview with aditya dev, fisher reveals his plans for india", "code": "17108128", "title": "'Demand for high-end bikes going up in India'", "text": "Gary Fisher, a pioneer in the sport of mountain biking, sees a big market for the off-road biking sport. He is in India with a range of bicycles designed by him to popularize the sport. In an interview with Aditya Dev, Fisher reveals his plans for India:What is the future of mountain biking in India? There is a lot of potential for the sport. There are many routes/tracks yet to be explored by riders. Events and races have started to take place, but there is a huge opportunity to present it in a more organized manner highlighting the positive aspects. It can turn out to be great if developed in a appropriate manner.What are the businesses opportunities you see in India? It is the main reason for my visit to India - to interact with bikers. There are a lot of young riders who are aware of the brand and latest specifications on bikes. The demand for high-end bicycles has been going up, which are not very expensive as compared to the balance it provides between physicality and mentality.How long do you plan to stay here and what are the other activities you have lined up? I am here till November 8. Like today (November 4) when I rode with cyclists from Delhi-NCR, I would participate in a similar activity on November 7 in Bangalore. I am looking forward to visiting India again in a few months' time, when I will be part of a racing event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17107310", "title": "3 Mantralaya makeover tenders put on hold", "text": "MUMBAI: With the Mantralaya makeover bid hitting choppy waters, chief secretary Jayant Kumar Banthia has instructed the public works department to prepare estimates for basic restoration of the three floors gutted in the June 21 fire.While the state government had estimated Rs 110 crore as the cost of the entire project, bids received for just one component (the biggest) came in above Rs 160 crore. Negotiations with the lowest bidder, Unity Infrastructure, which quoted Rs 163 crore, have not been \"satisfactory\" so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17109491", "title": "Drive against drunk driving should be seen as a good step", "text": "Delhi Police's proposed drive against drunk driving should be seen as a good step rather than a party-pooper. Considering the number of lives that are lost in road accidents in Delhi and how often they involve someone being intoxicated at the wheel, it is about time we cracked down on this menace. In fact, we would like this to become a regular feature rather than sporadic drives. A sustained campaign against drunk driving in which the police take strict action is much more likely to yield lasting results, as the Mumbai experience shows, than one-off drives that last a week or fortnight.Related story : Festive drive to arrest drunk driving", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17108858", "title": "Important to study fine arts, literature and archaeology together, say experts", "text": "PUNE: Lack of synthesis between archaeology, fine arts and literature is one of the biggest lacunae in Indian archaeology, said experts at a regional archaeology workshop on 'archaeology of western Maharashtra' in the city on Monday. They said that if the three elements are studied in collaboration, a deeper analysis could be done of India's past which, in turn, could lead to exciting results.Several senior archaeologists had gathered in the city on Monday for the workshop, jointly organised by the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI), Mumbai circle, and Deccan College Postgraduate and Research Institute.A P Jamkhedkar, former director of the state archaeological department, said, \"Archaeological history of a site and the artistic findings must compliment each other. Archaeologists should not only study and analyse the skeletal remains, pottery and artifacts, but also art evidences found at the excavation site.\"The art depicted at the excavation sites on walls and caves was a way of expressing philosophy of pre-historic people, G B Deglurkar, president, Deccan College, said. \"Archaeology should be studied with art.\"Deglurkar cited the example of a sculpture of a dancing girl found at one of the sites and said that it depicted the emotions, expressions and thinking of pre-historic people. Similarly, architecture of the temples also means several things. \"Temples are social institutions and villagers gather around a temple. Somewhere they would have left evidences of their thoughts and that could have been expressed in art form,\" Deglurkar said.Deglurkar suggested that temple art is a very good source of evidence when it comes to interpreting a comprehensive view of human life.V P Bhatta, director of Deccan college, said, \"A synthesis of literature written about Indian archaeology and the evidences found at excavation sites is necessary. If the two are matched, it could lead to some great results.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17109078", "title": "Fireworks that bind people", "text": "RANCHI: When it comes to Diwali celebrations, every individual tries to score over their neighbours by bursting a cracker which is either more noisy or produces more lights. Although India borrowed the concept of using firecrackers from Asian countries like China and Japan in the 15th century, Indians ignored the European style of making a gala community celebration.The concept of community fireworks was also in practice in Ranchi in the 90s. People still remember and appreciate the fireworks displayed by students' federation. \"Later Chandrashekhar Azad Durga Puja Samity organized it on the Ranchi lake,\" said Uday Shankar Ojha of Ranchi Mahaveer Mandal who is also the convener of Ranchi Mahanagar Durga Puja Samity.It is on occasion of Dussehra that effigies of Ravana, Kumbhkaran and Meghnath are set on fire with crackers s at four places in the capital which is followed by a fireworks show. It is considered the only community fireworks display. Many senior citizens are of the pinion that it is better that instead of bursting crackers and making noises in residential colonies, everybody should gather at an open space and enjoy fireworks. Some youths in AG Colony have taken to this idea and participate as a community in the revelry during Diwali. \"We saw our seniors bursting crackers during cricket matches and decided to go the same way during Diwali,\" said Rajkumar, a member of a local club which manages the collection of funds and purchase of firecrackers.According to Ojha, people need to rise to the occasion and since firecrackers are a huge waste of money and pollutes the environment for the pleasure of a handful people, that day is not far when there will be more community celebrations. \"During this Holi, people played 'sukhi Holi' in Ranchi because of scarcity of water and similarly when they understand that fun of one night may cause health hazards to their loved ones or neighbors, they abstain from using fireworks at home,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17108775", "title": "Film festival delegate registration crosses 7,000 mark", "text": "PANAJI: The delegate registration for the 43{+r}{+d} International Film Festival of India (Iffi) 2012 - to be hosted in Panaji from November 20 to 30 - has already crossed the 7,000 mark. The registration had been thrown open to film enthusiasts from July onwards.The last date for film lovers to register for the Iffi is November 7 at a fee of 300. Registrations can be done online through the official website www.iffigoa.org. Those who miss the opportunity can register between November 8 and 12 with a late fee of 200, which takes the registration cost to 500.Members of the Goa Cinephile Club can also renew their registration on the Entertainment Society of Goa website for a fee of 1,300. The Goa Cinephile membership enables film lovers to not only enjoy the vast array of international films but also provides access to the archives of a vast selection of films at the ESG and its well-stocked library. The registration can be renewed from November 8 to 12 for a late payment charge of 200, taking the total amount to 1,500.If delegates have any queries related to the registration, they can call 0832- 2428111 (during office hours) or email at info@iffigoa.org or registration@iffigoa.org.The Ifii 2012 Road Show will start on November 7 and continue till November 16. The road show will be flagged off by Vishnu Surya Wagh, ESG vice-chairman on November 7 at 4pm from the Maquinez Palace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17107812", "title": "Aamir Khan roped in for drive against malnutrition", "text": "NEW DELHI: Marking former Prime Minister Indira Gandhi's birth anniversary, President Pranab Mukherjee will launch one of UPA-II's most ambitious campaigns against malnutrition on November 19.The campaign mooted by the ministry of women and child development (WCD) will star Aamir Khan as a \"sutradhar\" and will roll out in four stages.According to the National Family Health Survey (NFHS-3), 20% of Indian children below five years are wasted (acutely malnourished) and 48% are stunted (chronically malnourished). Importantly, with 43% of children underweight (with a weight deficit for their age) rates of child underweight in India are twice as higher than the average figure in sub-Saharan Africa (22%). The consequences of this nutrition crisis are enormous. In addition to being the cause of one-third to half of child deaths, malnutrition leads to stunted physical growth and cognitive development that last a lifetime. The economic losses associated with malnutrition are estimated at 3% of India's GDP annually.Now, the WCD ministry, headed by Krishna Tirath, hopes that with this drive \u00e2\u20ac\u201d accompanied by efforts to put in place a restructured Integrated Child Development Scheme (ICDS) \u00e2\u20ac\u201d will help tackle the scourge of malnutrition.The first stage of the media campaign is expected to alarm people and shake them out of their complacency by citing examples of India's achievement that could have been bettered if there was an improvement in nutritional health of the young generation. The drive also expects to highlight the symptoms of malnutrition that are otherwise ignored, a senior official said.The second phase \u00e2\u20ac\u201d to run for six weeks \u00e2\u20ac\u201d is expected to talk about the \"battle\" of malnutrition that must be fought. The next phase will give action points to encourage people to tackle the problem while the final part will discuss the government's plans and schemes in this direction. Issues such as the importance of maternal health and exclusive breastfeeding for up to six months that are usually ignored will be addressed and reiterated.The government hopes that Khan's star power will be give traction to a subject that has failed to garner public interest so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17107827", "title": "Ad scam: Corporation agrees to vigilance investigation", "text": "KOCHI: The Kochi corporation has recommended vigilance investigation into the irregularities reported in the deal signed between a private agency and the civic body for displaying advertisements on lamp posts. Mayor Tony Chammany announced the decision at a council meeting held on Monday.However, despite the local body agreeing for a vigilance inquiry, opposition councillors disrupted the proceedings of the council seeking resignation of town planning standing committee chairman K J Sohan.The finance committee had reported that the civic body lost Rs 9 lakh per month due to the deal. Following this the local body suspended two members of the staff. At the council meeting, opposition councillor M Anilkumar raised the issue demanding a higher-level investigation. While the mayor tried to pacify the opposition, two UDF councillors -development committee chairman T J Vinod and V K Minimol backed the LDF councillors' demand. BJP councillor Syamala S Prabhu also joined the protestors.As the mayor remained reluctant, opposition members rushed towards the centre of the hall shouting slogans. With the scene turning unruly Chammany announced that he would hold a brief meeting with the chairpersons of various standing committees and announce a decision. After the meeting he made the announcement a vigilance investigation. \"When LDF was in power, a similar example was set by UDF councillor N Venugopal. He had demanded resignation of a former health standing committee chairperson when irregularities were reported in a certain deal,\" Anilkumar said. Though LDF insisted on its demand, Chammany said it was not possible to give such an assurance. Expressing disapproval over corporation's stance, opposition councillors staged a walkout.Disciplinary action was taken against two members of the staff after finding discrepancies in awarding the tender. Following allegations in the council, the mayor had asked the finance committee to look into the issue and submit a report. It was found that there was no detailed agreement between the company and the civic body. The agency owed around Rs 65 lakh to the corporation. Though the period of tender ended in March 31, 2012 it was alleged that the civic body had not taken any measure to recover the loss.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17108606", "title": "'Dengue virus moving to rural areas, can cause bigger damage'", "text": "PUNE: Of the four serotypes of dengue virus (DENV), DENV-2 is predominant among the three viruses currently co-circulating in Pune, A C Mishra, director, National Institute of Virology (NIV) told TOI on Monday. Mishra observed that dengue virus is moving more and more towards the rural areas and this is likely to increase the magnitude of the disease in near future.\"There are four dengue viruses -- DENV-1, DENV-2, DENV-3 and DENV-4. Of them, the first three viruses are co-circulating in Pune. The analysis of the samples tested at NIV shows that DENV-2 is most predominant among the three. Most samples are testing positive for DENV-2 virus,\" Mishra said.Since 1990, the dengue virus has remained stable. \"There has been no drastic change in the characteristic of dengue virus since 1990,\" Mishra said, adding, \"Whenever a new virus serotype is introduced in the population, chances of severity increases. However, in Pune, as of now, no new serotype has been seen.\"Talking about the reasons for current spurt in dengue cases in Pune, Mishra said it has more to do with the growth of mosquito breeding spots in the environment.\"With rapid urbanisation and water scarcity, people tend to store water, thus increasing the chances of mosquito breeding The dengue virus transmission also increases,\" Mishra said.Dengue is emerging as a major public health concern in India. Since the first epidemic in Kolkata during 1963-64, many places in India have been experiencing dengue infection. One of the largest outbreaks in North India occurred in Delhi and adjoining areas in 1996. The 1996 epidemic was mainly due to dengue virus 2. DENV-2 has remained a predominant strain since 1990.The seasonality of transmission of dengue with increased activity has been observed in the post-monsoon season. Even in the post-epidemic period (2004 and 2005) increased dengue virus activity was seen in post monsoon period - September to November - with peak in the second and third week of October. Similar observation was made in 1997 following the 1996 epidemic.\"These findings indicate that during epidemic and non-epidemic years, dengue infections are mostly seen in post-monsoon season. Hence, preventive measures should be followed at the very onset of monsoon,\" states the report by the National Vector-borne Disease Control Programme.The incubation period of dengue fever is approximately four days. The person will come down with fever, muscle and joint pain and present a discrete rash. In Pune, dengue virus has infected over 500 people and claimed fives lives in October and November.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "faridkot", "code": "17108960", "title": "Nishan's mother, friend get 3-day police remand", "text": "FARIDKOT: The Faridkot district court on Monday remanded Navjot Kaur, the mother of prime accused Nishan Singh in abduction case of a minor girl, and Dimpy Samra, a property dealer, to three-day police remand even as the police department moved an application requesting the court permission to shift the girl from Jalandhar-based Nari Niketan due to security concerns.Navjot and Dimpy, who are allegedly the prime conspirators behind the abduction, were arrested on Sunday from Chandigarh.\"The police have requested to shift the minor girl for providing her better safety and proper care as it has become crucial following the medical test,\" said IG (Bathinda range) Nirmal Singh Dhillon.The girl who was rescued last month from Goa, a month after her abduction from here by Nishan Singh, and has been staying in a Nari Niketan in Jalandhar after she had refused to accompany her parents home.The court is likely to decide on the police request of shifting the girl and permission for carrying the DNA test of the prime accused on Tuesday.Hundreds of youths and members of various student and social organizations held a demonstration here on Monday, demanding a CBI inquiry into the case and the girl's return to her home. Raising slogans against the Punjab police, they alleged that the police department was still shielding the accused under political pressure. Later, they held a dharna in front of the district court complex.\"Until the girl gets back home and the case is transferred to CBI, agitations and protests will continue,\" said Rajinder Singh, a youth leader.To maintain law and order situation, a large number of police personnel were deployed in the city in the wake of the demonstration call. All buses and vehicles which entered the city were checked at police nakas set up outside the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17107203", "title": "Expats keep eyes glued to US poll", "text": "MUMBAI: As the US presidential poll gets underway on November 6, every expatriate American in the city wears his heart on his sleeve, picking blue outfits over red, or praying that the donkey pips the elephant to the post. Both Democrats and Republicans say the presidential campaign has seldom seen a closer fight than this.Osama bin Laden is hardly a factor for his killing is seen as a national duty, above partisan politics.Keeping in sync with the sentiment back home, Mumbai's voters chose their candidate based on healthcare and economic programmes.On Monday, a team of visiting Americans from the Simon Wiesenthal Center in Los Angeles was here to inaugurate an exhibition on the Holocaust. \"Imagine not being home right now!\" said Dr Alfred Balitzer, who had worked with the Reagan White House and participated in presidential campaigns for 40 years. His colleague, Rabbi Abraham Cooper , said they had cast their ballot before leaving for Mumbai.On October 15, US consul general Peter Haas hosted an election party where more than 100 people voted. \"It was almost like we were in the US. Each time a ballot was cast, somebody would bang on a drum and loud cheers would go up,\" says Roshika Singh. The contingent from American Womens' Club was there in strength.Over Tuesday and Wednesday, all eyes will be glued to TV and news sites. Sports coach Kerri Wethington says America needs to vote in Mitt Romney's Republicans. Five key tax increases by Obama have her worried. Actor Stacy Bee also gives the thumbs up to Romney's fiscal policy. \"I came to India to escape Obama's healthcare policies.\" of Obama. These caused my business a huge loss back in Minnesota.\"But Magda El Zarki, a computer science professor at IIT-B, puts her stamp on the Democrats. \"Definitely don't want Mitt. He is useless in the international domain, will be a disaster for women's issues and the middle class will slide even further back,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17108807", "title": "Hearing advance bail plea, court sends marital dispute for mediation", "text": "PUNE: For the first time, a local court has referred a matrimonial dispute case to a mediator.The court was hearing an anticipatory bail plea filed by a software engineer and his family on Saturday. The man moved the court fearing arrest in a matrimonial dispute case filed by his wife, who is a constable at the immigration counter of the Pune airport.Additional sessions judge V P Utpat noticed that the police had not registered a case against the man and others even as their lawyers M M Sayed, Iqbal Shaikh and Qadir Shaikh pleaded for an interim bail.The woman's lawyer, Aneeta Katariya, opposed the bail plea on the grounds that her client was subjected to severe cruelty after marriage. After hearing both sides, the court directed the in-charge of the Yerawada police station to give a 72-hour notice to the man and others before arrest.Judge Utpat referred the couple for mediation and directed the mediator, R K Malabade, to submit his report by November 23.Mediation is an informal process during which an impartial third party, the mediator, assists disputing parties in reaching a mutually acceptable agreement regarding their dispute. The mediation session is intended to identify pertinent issues, clarify any misunderstandings, explore solutions, and negotiate an agreement.Katariya said that after the court order, the couple appeared before Malabade through their respective lawyers. The court order has provided an opportunity to the couple to settle their dispute.\"This is for the first time that a dispute relating to subjecting a woman to cruelty under section 498 (a) of the Indian Penal Code was referred for mediation while hearing the anticipatory bail plea. If the mediation helps in reuniting the couple, then the court order will have an impact on the society,\" Katariya added.Iqbal Shaikh said that the couple attended the first meeting with the mediator, but their dispute has not been settled yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17107511", "title": "Kashmiri kids on Kolkata tour watch soccer star in action", "text": "KOLKATA: On Sunday, as Mohun Bagan took on Sporting Clube de Goa at the Yuva Bharati Krirangan in their I-League match, a group of 20 schoolkids in yellow jerseys cheered from the gallery. The cheers got louder whenever Mohun Bagan midfielder Mehrajuddin Wadoo was in control of the ball.There was reason for this. The footballer from Srinagar, who holds several international caps, had provided that crucial link that may inspire the youngsters to achieve their dreams. The children are from classes VII-XII of village schools in the remote Ramban district of Jammu and Kashmir. Some of them may have heard or even read of Mehrajuddin, but most were coming to know of him for the first time ever.\"As part of Op Sadbhavna, we take children from remote parts to showcase the development of the country. The star footballer was an added attraction. As they cheered, others around them cheered as well. This proved to them that people from Jammu and Kashmir are well accepted elsewhere in the country. This will certainly motivate them to think big and join the mainstream,\" said an officer accompanying the children.The children are on a five-day trip to Kolkata and the surroundings from Saturday. The trip has been organized by the Army's 58 Rashtriya Rifles and Uniform Force.Mehrajuddin not only spoke to the teenagers in Kashmiri but also introduced them to Okolie Odafe, who scored a hat-trick in Sunday's match. \"It was great to know that somebody from our state can make it this big. He told us that we can also achieve a lot if we try hard,\" gushed Class-IX student Saddam Hussain . His friends Imtiaz Ahmed, Mushtaq and Muzaffar Hussain were equally thrilled.Mehrajuddin has worked hard to promote football in the Valley. In 2007, he and a couple of friends set up the Football Players' Welfare Association. It organizes coaching camps for youngsters, holds friendly matches and sends players outside the state for necessary infrastructure. There were no facilities in the Valley when the Mohun Bagan star started playing football in the 1990s.\"Every Kashmiri who lives outside the state is happy when meeting people from home. They watched me play and I believe they too can become successful in life.I am nobody great, but will be extremely proud even if they pick up something from me. Most of them had never got the opportunity to watch me play,\" he said.The children visited Santiniketan on Monday and will tour other parts of the city before leaving for Bhubaneswar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17109824", "title": "Depression, stress may hit immunity of zoo animals", "text": "-- Suparna Baksi GangulyZoos today are at the cross roads between balancing welfare of animals in cap tivity and entertaining visitors As of March 31, 2011, there are 198 zoos in India of which the impor tant ones are 71.The Central Zoo Authority of India was created in 1991 with the primary objectives of monitoring zoos in adhering norms and standards , upgrading technical skills of zoo personnel, regulating ac quisition of animals, encouraging research on captive breeding of en dangered species, helping zoos with scientific and contemporary man agement and conducting education programmes.However, zoos are frequently in the news for the wrong reasons which include unnatural animal deaths, inappropriate enclosures inclusion of common animals and birds which needn't be kept cap tive, lack of trained personnel and naturalists and lack of knowl edgeable monitoring teams at the local and state level.Deaths in zoos have always been prevalent but in today's world these are thrown into greater fo cus, highlighting the serious la cunae in the zoo environment. All animals have rich and varied lives in their natural environment which is impossible to meet in cap tive conditions. The result is that animals succumb to stereotypies repetitive behaviours only found in captive animals. A government study revealed that 54% of ele phants showed stereotypies (born out of monotony or stress). Lions in zoos spent 48% of their time pac ing, a recognized behavioural problem. Social animals have been housed in isolation for years in spite of CZA's guidelines and di rectives. Deaths due to tuberculosis , pneumonia and trypanosomiasis have been common.Lack of knowledge of both indigenous and exotic wildlife is a reason why animals die in captivity . Thorough studies of all animals in the wild and the diversity in which they live naturally may be helpful in simulating conditions in captivity leading to greater welfare and health. Depression , loneliness , monotony, stress may be reason for the decreased immunity level of zoo animals leading to disease and death.(The writer is president and co-founder trustee, Compassion Unlimited Plus Action)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17108393", "title": "Science Express to arrive at Charbagh on November 7", "text": "The Science Express will arrive at Charbagh station on November 7 and be stationed at platform number 8 till November 10. As a result trains which operate from platform number 8 will be shifted to other platforms. The train number 14210 will operate from platform number 3 instead of 8. Other trains which will have their platforms changed are train number 54231, 54256, 54281, 54293, 54294, 14216, 14209, 54283, 54253 and 54232.National meet: In the process of empowering rural masses and the country as a whole under the NAIP-ICAR project, Central Soil Salinity Research Institute has developed low cost technologies with wide range applicability and easy adoption. The national director, NAIP will chair the meet and will be hosted by director, IVRI and director, CSSRI at CSSRI-RRS campus on Wednesday at 10.00 a.m. The salient highlights of the technology developed are mass infertility control in bovines, mastitis prevention and control technology, highly efficient strains of soil rhizospheric microbes and low cost multiplication media for plant bio-enhancers.Shorthand training: Government will start a scheme to impart free training in shorthand and typing during office hours from November 27. The minimum qualification for interested employees is class 10{+t}{+h}.Min issues directions: Transport minister Mahendra Aridaman Singh has issued directions to principal secretary, transport to write to all the district magistrates to organise regular meeting of road safety council and to also call petrol pump dealers to participate in the meeting. The meeting should emphasise that petrol pump dealers should not sell petrol to those not wearing helmets.Funds approved: UP government has approved Rs 18.63 lakh for installing CCTV camera at sewage treatment plants in Jajmau and Kanpur under second phase of Ganga Action Plan.UP gets first prize: This year the cultural group of Uttar Pradesh has got the first award in national 'Phool walo ki sair' which is dedicated to national unity and communal harmony. The event took place at Jahaz Mahal, Mehrauli in New Delhi and vice-dirRae Bareli rector of Uttar Pradesh Information Directorate, Pradeep Kumar Gupta received this award from Union housing and urban development minister Kumari Shailja.Inter-battalion cross country championship held: The inter-battalion \"cross country championship-2012 of Army Medical Corps (AMC) Centre and College concluded at AMC Centre and College in Lucknow Cantonment on Monday. The race was flagged off by Maj Gen VK Rattan, deputy commandant and chief instructor, AMC Centre &amp; College. Six teams including number 1 Technical Training Wing (number 1 TT Wg), number 2 Technical Training Wing (number 2 TT Wg), number 1 Military Training Battalion (1 MT Bn), number 2 Military Training Battalion (2 MT Bn), Combined Team and AMC Records Team participated for the coveted trophy this year.Usmani to review Kumbh preparations today: Chief secretary Jawed Usmani will undertake the first ground assessment of Kumbh Mela preparations in Allahabad on Tuesday. He said that strict action will be initiated against all officers who have shown laxity in completing their works.Elected: Dr Mukesh Bansal, a senior cosmetologist and dermatologist in the city, has been elected as the state president of Indian Association of Dermatologist, Veneriologist and Leprologist in the 30{+t}{+h} Annual Conference of Cuticon-UP and Uttarakhand 2012 held on October 27 and 28 at Dehradun.SP slams Cong: Attacking the Congress for its failure to address concerns of rising prices, inflation and unemployment at its rally at Ramlila Maidan on Sunday, Samajwadi Party spokesperson Rajendra Chaudhary said that the national party had shown its inability to take up larger public issues.Exhibition: To make students aware of the life and works of mathematician Srinivasa Ramanujan, Lucknow Christian Degree College organised an exhibition on Monday. The exhibition was a part of the celebrations of LCDC for completing its 150 years of its existence. The Centre will celebrate Ramanujan's 125th birthday (December 22) as 'Mathematics Day'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "namakkal", "code": "17109391", "title": "After bird flu scare, Oman says no to eggs from India", "text": "NAMAKKAL: The Sultanate of Oman became the first country to ban poultry products from India since avian influenza commonly known as bird flu was reported a week ago from Bangalore. This is the second time this year that Oman has banned import of eggs from India.According to P Nallathambi, president, Tamil Nadu Poultry Farmers Association (TNPFA), the west Asian country accounts for 33% of eggs exported from India. He said at least 4.70 lakh eggs are exported from India daily to Oman, most of which goes from farms located in Namakkal, a small town near Coimbatore in Tamil Nadu. Nallathambi said that Oman announced the ban on Sunday and port authorities began to implement it from Monday.Poultry farmers fear that Oman's move may have a cascading effect on the industry and cause prices to crash. When the sultanate banned imports from India in March this year after bird flu was reported in Odisha, exports fell from 557.34 lakh eggs in March to 415.64 lakh in April. On an average, at least one container with 4.72 lakh eggs leaves from Indian ports, mainly Kochi, daily for Oman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17109110", "title": "Brief", "text": "College employee shot deadAn employee of a college was shot dead by unidentified assailants near Chhatarpur, about 42 km from the headquarters town of Palamau district, police said on Monday. The bullet-riddled body of Dharmendra Prasad Srivastav, who was working as a clerk with a college situated in Chhatarpur, was found this morning, superintendent of police Anup T Mathew said.Two held with ammunitionTwo persons with a 9mm pistol and three live bullets were arrested from Domtoli in Lower Bazaar locality in Ranchi on Monday. The arrested persons are Syum Alam and Jameer Ansari. Alam has a criminal background and had been to jail earlier. Pramod Pandey, officer-in-charge, Lower Bazaar police station said that the duo had some criminal plans with some of their aides in the same locality. \"They have been sent to jail. Raids are on to arrest their aides as well,\" said Pandey.Local goon arrested for extortionA local criminal demanding money from a city based businessman in the name of CPI Maoists leader Kundan Pahan was arrested in Ranchi on Sunday. Umesh Nag, 35, had called up Pratap Kumar who runs a hotel in Ratu locality on November 1 and demanded Rs 30 lakh. Kumar, informed the police about it who then asked him to strike a fake deal with him at a city-based hotel on Sunday. While the duo were dealing, Nag was arrested by Ratu police. S N Singh OC Ratu police station said that Nag was being interrogated for more information.HC rejects bail petition of Koda aideJharkhand High Court rejected the bail petition of Vijay Joshi, one of the seven alleged aides of former CM Madhu Koda facing charges of money laundering, on Monday. Justice H C Mishra rejected the petition of Joshi, who has been in judicial custody from March 2011 after being arrested from Kolkata. Joshi was charged with routing ill-gotten money of Rs 169.92 crore through Hawala between 2006 and 2008 when Koda was the chief minister of Jharkhand.Two of a gang held in RourkelaTwo members of a Jharkhand-based criminal gang involved in many offences were arrested and some arms and ammunition seized from them in Odisha's Sundargarh district on Sunday, police said. The arrest was made in the wee hours after a night-long operation by police personnel from Raibaga and Biramitapur, sub-divisional police officer (Biramitrapur), Suman Datta said.He said though the gang was not very active in Odisha there were some cases against them in Talsara, Kutra and one case under Biramitrapur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17107811", "title": "More violations come to fore in TDR scam", "text": "NAGPUR: The Wathoda TDR scam is murkier than what the general body exposed in its meeting held last month.With the investigation digging deeper, more violations are coming to the fore. The land for which the transfer of development rights (TDR) was issued was actually surplus land under the urban land ceiling (ULC) Act. It is said to be a brazen violation for approving the layout followed by granting TDR on the land despite having reservation for a fire station.Confirming the developments in the case, municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane told TOI that an inquiry is being conducted in all aspects of the case. \"We want to bring out the facts with the help of a thorough investigation,\" he said.According to the data available with the NMC's town planning department, the district administration declared land related to Wathoda TDR case as surplus land under ULC on September 7, 2002. The land was reserved for a fire station in the development plan approved in 2000.Documents state that the layout was approved by the competent authority of ULC at the district administration on July 31, 2006 despite having reservation.A senior NMC official told TOI that the layout may not be approved on the land declared surplus under ULC. \"It was necessary to delete the reservation by following proper method and then approve the development scheme that too after getting approval from the state government. The permission of NMC was necessary to complete the process. No such process was followed,\" he said.The official added that even NMC brought the point to the notice of the concerned authority from the district administration. \"NMC sent a letter to the district administration seeking NOC from the competent authority of ULC. In the letter, the point was highlighted by the NMC's town planning department. Still, the no objection certificate for issuing TDR was issued by the competent authority of ULC on January 13, 2011. Based on the development plan and NOC, the NMC issued TDR on the land,\" he said.A corporator on the condition of anonymity told TOI that the entire TDR becomes illegal if the issues raised in the earlier case are taken into account. \"NMC takes NOC from the competent authority of ULC to verify the same and avoid errors. The NOC was issued by ignoring the norms,\" he said.RTI activist TH Naidu said that builders and agents reaped the benefits from the ULC land instead of the real beneficiaries especially citizens hailing from economically weak backgrounds. \"Builders and agents too are the real beneficiaries in the Gunthewari Act and TDR cases. In its RTI reply, NIT admitted that it also received the application for regularization of Wathoda land. This may be another angle to the case and should be probed. The reservation chart displayed by NMC shows that some part of this land is deleted and included in the residential zone. I have already demanded an inquiry into all the 33 TDR cases approved by the NMC and NIT,\" he said.Corporator Praful Gudadhe exposed the Wathoda TDR case in the general body meeting following which an inquiry was ordered. TOI exposed the modus operandi by investigating all the approved TDR cases. Even Sena corporator Alka Dalal demanded a probe into all the cases and a hold on fresh transactions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17109440", "title": "Chennai: Special children strike a creative chord", "text": "CHENNAI: Sharath, a middle-school student with cerebral palsy , has composed a tune. The composition, which is still a work in progress, and five other songs written by students with cerebral palsy, autism , multiple disabilities and mental retardation over five days will be performed at an hour-long opera at Vidya Sagar on Wednesday.People do not need to be able to sing or play an instrument to compose music, believe five musicians who have come from the UK to work with disabled children. On Monday, they were jamming with students at the Vidya Sagar auditorium.Rishi, a 14-year-old boy, seemed to be watching Priyanka Devani, a musician from Edinburgh, in boredom. \"Akka, really bad,\" he said, and Devani stopped playing the trombone. \"Did you like the previous one better? I will play it again,\" she said calmly. Rishi kept time with his tambourine and the two finalised the tune for the song they had written on air, Africa and Touch. The session continued with Devani playing different tunes and pitches as Rishi chose what he felt would work best for his song. Once they completed a paragraph, she got different instruments to add riffs, checking with Rishi if he liked the tune.Devani is confident of getting the children to perform an entire song by Wednesday. \"On Day 1, I just wanted them to move, enjoy a rhythm and figure out the instruments they liked holding and playing,\" said Devani, who began learning music therapy when she was 18.Not all children are responsive or can speak. The non-verbal students, determined not to be left out, composed their music using hand, neck and eye movements. A girl working with Nigel Osborne, who used to be with the University of Edinburgh, made three sounds, giving him a starting note. She directed her composition with just hand movements, making him sing high, low and medium, slower and faster. Osborne has been working on music therapy and creating music for children with special needs from the 1970s. \"It's our job to use music to get children with mental retardation and other disabilities to express their emotions,\" he said.Music therapy though popular across the world, continues to be rare in special schools in the country. \"Music will make a difference, and we need to teach it to give children a holistic education,\" said Rajul Padmanabhan, director of Vidya Sagar. Vidya Sagar is planning to arrange a music workshop at least once a year, but getting faculty could be a challenge. \"We are so rich in music and classical arts, but musicians need to approach special schools to spread their art,\" she said.(Names of children changed on request)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17109279", "title": "50-day-old Damini finally leaves for home", "text": "JAIPUR: Fifty-day-old baby girl Damini, who was admitted to a private hospital with severe health complications 15 days ago, was discharged from the hospital to begin her new life on Monday. The Times of India had published the story about the plight of rickshawpuller father and his motherless daughter Damini titled 'With none to care, rickshawpuller dad 'shoulders' child on duty' on October 18.Damini's father Bablo, was a happy man on Monday when the hospital administration handed over his daughter after complete treatment. Bablo said, \"It all happened because of the prayers of people from different parts of the world. They also helped me financially. I also thank Fortis Hospital doctors, who took care of my daughter day and night.\"Bablo said, \"It is a new life for my daughter and me. I will take a room on rent for my daughter and my father. I will work hard to earn my livelihood. But, I will spend the money that Damini received from various people, on her health and education.\"The doctors who treated her said, \"Treating her was a medical and social challenge for the entire team, since she was critically ill and we have been anxiously watching and monitoring her health. We received hundreds of phone calls from various places of the world in last 14 days. It was an emotional time for us to see unknown people, crossing boundaries of caste, religion, race and nation and helping a little motherless girl from a small town of Rajasthan.\"At the time of admission, the weight of Damini was just 1,400 grams on October 21. She had difficulty in breathing and low blood pressure. She was immediately put on ventilator and ionotropic drugs to stabilize her blood pressure and respiration. Dr J K Mittal, Atul Jindal and Dr Deepak Shivpuri were continuously monitoring the baby. They said, Damini is now healthy, though she will require continuous care and supervision for a few more years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "panipat", "code": "17108881", "title": "Apna Ghar victim goes missing from Panipat charity home", "text": "PANIPAT: A mentally-challenged girl, who was shifted to Panipat's Mother Teresa Charitable Home from Rohtak-based Apna Ghar shelter home in May this year after sexual abuse and torture of inmates there came to light, has gone missing on Monday morning.The charitable home officials came to know that Puja, 20, has gone missing when she didn't turn up for morning prayers on Monday. Following this, the shelter home authorities carried out a counting and found that one inmate was missing.The matter was immediately brought to the notice of police as well as civil administration, said a shelter home official. A team of policemen from Chandni Bagh police station reached the shelter home and started investigations.Chandni Bagh police station SHO Ram Kumar said that the girl had been shifted to the said shelter home on May 25 along with ten other girls. Keeping in view the gravity of the situation, police have registered a case and started investigations, he said.The department has also announced a cash reward of Rs 5,000 for anyone providing information about the missing girl, he said, adding that police had so far not been able to ascertain as to when and how the girl managed to leave the shelter home.\"We are looking into the matter and special teams had been constituted to trace the missing girl,\" the SHO said.Tales of horrors unleashed at the Rohtak's Apna Ghar shelter home had shocked the entire nation in May this year, when the place was raided and inmates recued. The CBI, which is investigating the case, has filed a charge sheet against seven accused, including Jaswanti Devi, who used to run the shelter home. There are total 10 accused in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17108607", "title": "Dengue took more lives in rural areas this year", "text": "PUNE: Of the 50 dengue deaths reported in the state this year, the highest number of 28 deaths occurred in rural areas while 22 took place in urban areas.This shows that dengue is no longer concentrated in urban areas, but has started spreading in Maharashtra's heartland as well. State public health officials said this year's toll is the highest since 2006 when 26 people had died.With 1,256 cases registered so far this year, the virus has gripped the entire state, with most cases and deaths being reported from north Maharashtra and Vidarbha. Among the 50 deaths, the highest 19 deaths occurred in the northern part comprising Nashik, Dhule and Jalgaon, followed by Vidarbha with 12 deaths.A state health official attributed the rise in dengue cases to shortage of water leading to storage and rapid urbanisation. Unplanned growth and construction activities are also reasons for dengue cases in urban as well as rural areas, including small towns which are also witnessing urbanisation.In rural areas, the state has a team of 12,000 multipurpose workers who make door-to-door visits and take stock of the situation every fortnight. As many as 16 sentinel centres for diagnosis of dengue were set up in the state in 2008. It is one of the reasons why more and more cases are being detected, said the official.Pune city also saw five dengue deaths and over 500 dengue cases in the last three months. But the deaths in Pune has not been included in state's list.\"Deaths occurred in Pune have not yet been reviewed by the death review committee. Once the committee reports comes, they will be included or excluded as per the report,\" said state surveillance officer Pradip Awate.Climatic conditions favourable for dengue, water scarcity leading to increased storage of water, increasing construction activity, piling up of garbage, lack of public awareness about personal anti-mosquito measures and inadequate mosquito management have aggravated the situation. Since the mosquito, aedes aegypti, which spreads dengue, breeds in fresh water, it is imperative for every household to empty and clean all utensils and tanks at least once a week.Pune-based National Institute of Virology has undertaken a disease burden study. The objective is to create a model for defining the cost of dengue fever treatment. The model developed will then be applied while setting up a multi-centric study which will provide the health authorities with information on how much loss dengue causes the country. A national policy on prevention and treatment can be framed once the data is presented on how the illness affects the patient financially and what is the cost burden on the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17109575", "title": "Dr Anoop Mehrotra passes away", "text": "BHOPAL: Dr Anoop Mehrotra, professor and head of the department orthopaedics at the Gandhi Medical College (GMC), died at the age of 59, in the city on Monday.According to a press release, Dr Mehrotra died of heart attack early Monday morning. He is survived by his wife Dr Shikha Mehrotra (professor of anesthesiology), two sons Manu and Mohit and mother. Cremation would take place on Wednesday. Born in Moradabad, Dr Mehrotra was a gifted orthopaedic surgeon and is credited with the upgradation of trauma unit at Hamidia hospital. tnnHe was the only examiner, who conducted internationally accepted diplomate of national board (DNB) degree at GMC in the state. He was also the president of MP orthopaedics association.He was also known for his impressive collection of Ganesh idols and masks from across the world. His collection of masks was displayed at an international exhibition on masks at the Indira Gandhi Rashtriya Manav Sangrahalaya (IGRMS) in 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17107580", "title": "4 deaths in 5 days: How safe is Noida expressway?", "text": "NOIDA: Gautam Budh Nagar's first expressway was built over a decade ago on a 23.6-km stretch between Noida and Greater Noida, and was hailed as a marvel of engineering that brought the two cities closer to each other and Delhi. But soon, accident statistics started piling up. And now, with four people having died in the past five days, fresh questions are being asked about commuter safety on the stretch.The latest spurt in accidents has only added to the e-way's reputation of being a danger zone. In the past five months, around 20 people have lost their lives on the Gautam Budh Expressway, as it is officially called.During an on-the-spot assessment, TOI found that although the e-way was recently spruced up before the Formula One event, it continues to be without several basic infrastructural amenities. The expressway lacks emergency services like fire stations, tow trucks and ambulance services. The stretch has just two PCR vans, one at both ends \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Mahamaya flyover in Noida and Pari Chowk in Greater Noida.With an out-of-order interceptor and just one speed gun, police on the expressway have turned a blind eye to speeding and have virtually given up on enforcing speed limits.Frequent commuters complain that the service lane, meant for fixing vehicles that have broken down, is often used for overtaking from the left \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a blatant violation which often leads to accidents with stationary vehicles. Nearly 80% of accidents on the stretch involve stationary vehicles. But, in spite of the high accident rate, no safety audit of the expressway has ever been done since its opening in 2002.Traffic experts say, having created a high-speed access, the authorities should ensure that it is used judiciously. \"Such wide roads are meant for smooth and fast transit from one location to another and not for speeding unwisely,\" said Sanjay Verma, urban transport planner. To make matters worse, pedestrians can be seen crossing the road at will, something that's not allowed on expressways. Often streetlights do not work and cattle and even blue bulls (nilgai) are a common sight on the road.Verma, also an expert on road safety, said authorities need to identify black spots on the e-way and take steps to make these spots less dangerous. \"Warning signs of approaching entry/exits, amber blinking lights, road markings and designated lanes for driving as per speed of vehicle need to be in place,\" Verma said.Experts also said periodic audits should be undertaken for authorities to be up to speed with the changing requirements of commuters using the expressway. \"The number of vehicles using the expressway keeps increasing every year and there is a need to make changes accordingly and evaluate infrastructural problems,\" Verma said. \"The authorities need to inspect and upgrade the expressway as well as educate people on traffic discipline,\" he added.Times ViewThe alarming regularity with which accidents are occurring on the Noida-Greater Noida expressway and the fact that a large proportion of them prove fatal, highlights the importance of holistic planning in building and running such roads. Allowing for fast movement of traffic may be the primary goal of expressways, but they also have to ensure that speed does not come at the expense of safety. That means incorporating a lot of features at the planning stage, like adequate lighting and signage. It also means strictly enforcing traffic discipline so that those who violate the rules do not put themselves and others at serious risk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17111202", "title": "Leopold cafe was closed down for my film's shoot: RGV", "text": "The Samajwadi Youth Party is not too pleased with Ram Gopal Varma's decision to make a film based on the 26/11 Mumbai terror attacks. In fact, the political outfit has stalled the shoot of the project recently. Undaunted by the protests, Varma labelled the demonstrations 'fashionable'. To TOI he said, \"If they were sincere about their protest, I'd at least expect them to sit for a dialogue with me on what my intentions are in making a film on the 26/11 attack. I think political parties in our country keep jumping at the slightest pretext because that's the quickest and easiest way to get publicity.\"About his 'intentions', Varma claimed that the heinous crime moved the filmmaker in him. \"Whether it was the plight of the victims or the amazing heroism of the cops, or for that matter the inhumanity of the perpetrators all these aspects of the 26/11 incident deserve to be documented in a cinematic form for posterity,\" he told us.In fact, Varma said that his project would be based on authentic police records and eyewitness accounts. And it will concentrate on the emotional aspects of the incident and not target any religion or community.As for the political party's allegations about him shooting without permission on actual locations, Varma stated, \"We've taken all the required permission. That apart everyone is going out of their way to co-operate with us because I shared details with the people concerned on what the film is about and why I am making it. In fact they closed down Leopold Cafe where the first attack happened, for three days to facilitate our shooting.\"He even maintained that he had no 'intentions' to make a film based on the terror attacks when he visited Taj along with Vilasrao Deshmukh and his actor son Riteish unlike what the party claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "canacona", "code": "17109889", "title": "Pipeline burst hits 4,000 Chaudi Bazaar residents", "text": "CANACONA: About 4,000 residents of Chaudi Bazaar area in Canacona are facing a severe water crisis after the 30-year-old pipeline connecting Chapoli dam to the Shristall water treatment plant burst near the KTC bus stand on Monday.Ajay Bhagat, chairperson, Canacona municipality, said the pipeline needs to be replaced immediately. \"It has burst many times in the past, especially in this Chaudi Bazaar area. And every time it breaks down it causes inconvenience to thousands of users.\"A pole cordoning the burst pipeline is also causing traffic snarls at the spot, but residents are most worried about the water shortage. PWD officials said they are working towards plugging the leak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17109895", "title": "End garbage crisis this weekend, CM tells officials", "text": "BANGALORE: Chief minister Jagadish Shettar on Monday said it had become a challenge for his government to find a solution to Bangalore's garbage disposal problem by the weekend.\"A lack of foresight by those who ruled the state earlier has led to the crisis. It's a challenge to our government and by this weekend, we should find a solution to end the menace once for all,\" Shettar told a conference of deputy commissioners and chief executive officers of zilla panchayats here.Shettar said the challenge was to retain Bangalore's brand name as the IT capital and a clean city. Blaming previous governments for the crisis, he said: \"For two months now, we have been devoting a lot of attention to the issue. We are at the stage of finding a solution.\"He said the government was thinking of deploying advanced technology to manage garbage disposal, and several companies had come forward to produce power from waste. He also asked officials to take up a similar exercise in other major cities and towns to improve garbage disposal.Earlier, he lauded officials for checking bird flu from spreading across the state. \"The officials acted swiftly and tackled the situation before it went out of control,\" he added.He asked the official machinery to speed up implementation of budgetary programmes as the tenure of his government was nearing completion. \"We have little time left. Before we complete our term, all programmes announced in the budget should be implemented ,\" he added.Regarding complaints of pendency of files, the CM asked officials to take administration to the people's doorsteps and conduct Janaspandana programmes in their districts at least once a week.We must improveIf the chief minister, indeed, feels our work is not up to his expectations, then we must look into our mode of working and improve- Rajneesh Goel | Commissioner, BBMP", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17107428", "title": "No bail for 2 accused in Aug 11 riots", "text": "MUMBAI: The 37th metropolitan court has rejected the bail applications of two persons allegedly involved in the Azad Maidan rioting.The court rejected the plea of Salim Choukiya (24), who was seen running away with a policeman's SLR, and Faisal Hussain Shaikh who was accused of being present near the spot where a media van was being set on fire. Lawyer for the duo, Mahesh Vaswani, confirmed that the pleas were rejected. Public prosecutor Kiran Bendbhar had opposed the pleas on the ground that the case would be tried by the sessions court and hence should be rejected. She said the incident had claimed two lives, injured several others and caused damage to property.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "17107734", "title": "Ban on eggs affects hotels and bakeries", "text": "KOTTAYAM: The ban on bringing eggs from neighbouring states has adversely affected the hotel and bakery industry here. It has also raised the demand for eggs of country fowls and ducks.The government had imposed ban of poultry and eggs from Karnataka and Tamil Nadu following the outbreak of bird's flu at a farm in Karnataka.\"Since eggs are an important ingredient in bakery products, this sector is facing a crisis. Our production has been blocked,\" said a bakery manager. \"We used to buy eggs daily from the market. We will soon have to take a decision on our operations,\" he said. If the crisis prolongs, we will need to find an alternative as Christmas is approaching.Though the regular eateries haven't been affected much by the current crisis, the night food shops have been hit as omelette is an important item on their menu.Kunjumon, who operates a night shop in the town, said he had enough eggs till Sunday. \"From Monday I started using country eggs. But that is difficult to procure. I ordered 600 eggs from a farm in Kaippuzha, but I got only 300,\" he said. On an average, Kunjumon needs around 400 eggs a day.\"I spent Rs 5.25 for a country egg; eggs from Tamil Nadu were only Rs 4 each. However, I have to keep my shop open even though I suffer a loss,\" he said. Kottayam market used to get six truck loads of eggs daily from Namakkal and Erode in Tamil Nadu. There are five major dealers here, and eggs are supplied by three agents in Tamil Nadu. Each load contains around 1.5 lakh eggs.\"Since Thursday not a single load had arrived in the market,\" said Satheesh, a dealer. \"Now we are supplying duck eggs to night food shops,\" he said. Duck eggs reach here from Chennai on goods trains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17110082", "title": "Rutuja upsets Korea's Lee", "text": "PUNE: Eighteen-year-old Rutuja Bhosale scored the biggest victory of her life when she upset Korean So-Ra Lee in a three-set thriller in the first round of the $125,000 Royal Indian Open, at the Balewadi sports complex on Monday.The former national champion beat Lee, ranked 406 (298 rungs above the Indian ), 3-6 , 7-6 (3), 6-4 in two hours and 41 minutes to advance to the second round. The win helped her gain 22 WTA points, 10 more than what she would have earned by winning a $15000 ITF title.Prarthana Thombare put up an equally gallant show but went down 6-3 , 2-6 , 4-6 to Chang Liu of China. Prerna Bhambri and Rishika Sunkara reached the second round in doubles with a 6-4 , 6-0 win over Shivika Burman and Arantxa Andrady.The match began more than an hour behind schedule due to a delay in the opening ceremony. It was very amateurish of the organisers to have waited that long for the chief minister, who was the chief guest but failed to turn up, and then hold a hour-long programme to mark the launch of the tournament.In the other match, two points proved to be decisive for Prarthana in her 2-hour 21-minute battle against Liu.In the eighth game of the final set, she put an overhead smash into the net and then the Chinese, who has climbed 200 places in rankings this year, got the better of her with an accurate lob.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17109221", "title": "School vehicles \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcbandh\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 on Nov 19", "text": "CHENNAI: Parents of school-going children will have to find alternate means of getting their children to and back from school on November 19. Private matriculation schools across the state have decided to keep their vans and buses off roads to draw the government's attention to the difficulty in implementing the new rules.The decision comes a month after the government brought out regulations for running a school bus, under the Tamil Nadu Motor Vehicles (Regulation and Control of School Buses) Special Rules. The rules were framed after Sruthi Sethumadhavan, 6, of Zion Matriculation Higher Secondary School fell to her death through the floor of the school bus in July.\"We find some of the rules are not practical and want them changed. We are under a lot of pressure from not just the transport department, but also the education and police department over this,\" said V Chandrasekar, correspondent of Sri Vidya Mandir Matriculation Higher Secondary School in Krishnagiri and president of the state high-level committee to represent memos on the practical difficulties in implementing the rules in the Act.Schools said that when they tried adjusting the emergency exits in the vehicles to the required dimensions of 5x4 feet, the vehicle seemed unstable. They also said finding conductors with the required educational qualifications was proving difficult.Many were upset over being required to renew the vehicle's fitness certificate once in three months. Earlier they were required to renew it once a year. The formation of district-level committees comprising officials of the education and police department also rankled schools.Some have already informed parents they will be stopping school transport from the next academic year. S S Nathan, CEO, Bala Vidya Mandir Group of Schools, wrote to parents on November 1 saying the rules were too demanding and called for expertise in transport sector which was beyond the school's competence.\"As a school our main focus is on education and we offer bus service as a social responsibility to decongest traffic, etc. Hence the school is evaluating the possibility of suspending provision of bus services in order to focus and spend all the resources for the education and development of the students,\" Nathan said in the letter.This has upset parents. One said, \"the school has already advanced timings from 9.10am to 8.10am to avoid traffic hassles. Parents are hesitant to use private vans. We have always felt school vans were safer.\"MCC Matriculation School is also said to be contemplating stopping transportation from next year. Many school heads said that whether transportation was stopped or not, none would expand their fleet next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17107713", "title": "2 AP Hajis die in Mecca", "text": "Two pilgrims, Mohammed Ahmed of Medak and Haji mahboob Dowla Khatta of Anantapur, died due to natural causes in Mecca on Sunday. The duo were on a Hai pilgrimage. The funeral prayers of the deceased were conducted on Monday and both were buried in Mecca.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17107140", "title": "2 new foot-overbridges open on WR", "text": "MUMBAI: Western Railway has opened two foot-overbridges (FOBs) at Charni Road and Andheri, which were constructed above the tracks and without affecting the movement of trains.WR chief PRO Sharat Chandrayan said, \"The Charni Road FOB has been built in lieu of the old FOB. It will help in smooth movement from east to west towards Chowpatty.\"Another FOB has been opened near Andheri station between Andheri and Jogeshwari. He said, \"Construction work on 19 FOBs is going on at Kandivli, Goregaon, Malad, Naigaon, Virar, Dadar and Jogeshwari. Construction of two subways at Vasai and Naigaon stations is also in progress.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-06"}
