{"city": "nashik", "code": "14329357", "title": "Nashik: Parents get to know their rights at meet", "text": "NASHIK: The Forum against Commercialization of Education (FACE) organized a Parents-Teachers meet on Wednesday at Hutatma Smarak to create awareness about laws related to schools and their rights. Parents from different schools came together on one platform to share their experiences, while the volunteers from FACE spoke about government rules and the rights of parents and teachers.Milind Wagh of FACE spoke about the anti-capitation Act, which says that schools have to charge fees as decided by the government. \"Anything charged apart from that which is prescribed by the government is considered as donation. When a school sends proposal to the government for approving fees, tuition fees, library fees, lab fees, gym fees, caution fees, etc. are mentioned in it. This is studied by an expert committee and only then it is approved. Bills, receipts and audit reports need to be submitted by the school. Parents can ask the school to show them the fee approval letter from the government but not all parents are aware of all this,\" said Wagh.He said that if rules are being flouted then parents can complain to the nearest police station against the school management. The punishment could be fine of lakhs of rupees and three years' imprisonment. He pointed out that a school had recently given back excess amount of the fees to the parents under the law.Satish Nadgauda told the parents and teachers about non-salary grant, which the government has stopped since 2005. Non-salary grant given by the government is used for payment of property tax, maintenance cost of the school building, electricity and water bills and other important expenditures. \"Most public schools do not get this grant yet they are functioning well. They do not charge excess fees for the above expenditure,\" he said.Chhaya Deo, a FACE volunteer, spoke to the parents about Parents and Teachers Associations and said that it is the voice of the parents. \"The PTA should be formed within a month of the school reopening through an election,\" she said.Earlier in the meet, parents also shared their experiences. Suvarna Fegde, a parent who was forced to withdraw her children from New Era School after she protested against the school, said that parents should unite if they want to put a stop to malpractices in education.Suresh Desle, whose kids study at Rasbihari International School, addressed the parents in general about the excess fee hike in the school and the incidents that followed. \"We have to keep ourselves united and not pay excess fees as instructed by the deputy director of education. We should not even reply to the notice of defamation sent by the school to us,\" he said.Vijay Marsale, an ex-employee of the Silver Oak School, narrated how teachers are exploited and when he raised his voice against it he was sacked from the school. \"After winning the case in court, I was taken back but later charged with molestation of a lady peon and suspended. I will keep fighting for justice,\" he said.Senior freedom fighter Vasant Hudlikar, who was also present, recited a poem about India while comrade Shridhar Deshpande summed up the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14328364", "title": "Why ban? Let Ram Sena do social work: Francisco Sardinha", "text": "PANAJI: Taking a soft stand on the Shri Ram Sena in the state, the Congress on Thursday said that they want the government to monitor the activities of the Sena rather than banning the organization. This is a volte-face by the Congress, as its government had banned the entry of the Sena in 2009.\"I won't say that they should be banned, Francisco Sardinha, working president of the Goa Pradesh Congress Committee, said. \"This country is a secular country. If you ban them, they will come as another organization; however, we should see their movement. Each one is free to have his own idea here as long as they don't hurt others\", he added.Speaking to reporters in Panaji , Sardinha said that Goa is a tourist state. \"We celebrate on various days, for example Valentine's day, etc. Everybody can follow his own culture; even the Ram Sena can follow their culture without disturbing others.\"He added said that there is nothing wrong if the Shri Ram Sena comes to Goa to do good social work, but if their intention is bad and if they do anything wrong, then the administration should punish them. Sardinha also said that the government should not give any more casino licenses in the name of tourism in the state. \"If you want to discourage youth from going to casinos, then numbers should not increase at any cost\", he added.He also congratulated the BJP government for completing 100 days in office and also congratulated them for \"the increase in crime as compared to last year\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14329515", "title": "Manhandling of officer halts work at CFC", "text": "PUNE: Work at the citizens' facilitation centre on the premises of the district collectorate here came to a halt after the Haveli sub-divisional officer, Avinash Hadgal, was allegedly manhandled by some people, including a senior BJP worker, Jayant Bhave, son Thursday afternoon. The Bund Garden police had to rush to the spot to control the situation.The CFC has been witnessing heavy rush in the last few weeks. A large number of students and parents have been visiting the centre to obtain various certificates like domicile, nationality, caste, creamy layer, etc, which are needed to secure admission in professional courses.Hadgal, who is in charge of the CFC, said, \"There was a heavy rush at the centre since morning. We had deputed two women staff near the main door to assist and applicants. When the rush increased, it became difficult for the staff to control the crowd. Soon after, some people started shouting and tried to enter the office forcefully. I tried to speak with them and urged them not to create nuisance. However, they caught me and pushed me around.\"\"Bhave was one of them,\" Hadgal alleged.Bhave said, \"I was at the CFC to get a certificate. I waited there for a long time, but the staff failed to issue the certificate. When I questioned Hadgal about the delay, he tried to hold my hand\".BJP city unit president Vikas Mathkari, who visited the centre after the incident took place, said many applications have been pending with the CFC. \"Despite repeated requests, no steps are being taken to increase the staff and provide prompt services. The certificates are to be acquired within a stipulated time period. There is unrest among applicants because of the delay in disbursement of documents,\" he said.Resident deputy district collector Anil Pawar said a complaint has been registered with the Bund Garden police station. More staff have been deployed to clear pending applications.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14328423", "title": "MPLAD goodies for schools soon", "text": "MARGAO: South Goa MP Franscico Sardinhas convened a meeting at the district collectorate with the heads of government departments such as PWD, ZP on Thursday in the presence of South Goa collector N D Agarwal to discuss how to utilize the funds available under the MPLAD scheme.\"This was a review meeting and we have set a few dates to lay the foundation stone for such projects and have also set deadlines for the same,\" said Sardinha.\"Given that the academic year had started, I have decided to provide projectors, computers, laptops and other such products to schools,\" said the politician while stating that they were working out the formalities of the same\"This year I have also decided to provide schools with water filters,\" added the South Goa MP. \"No specific number has been decided yet,\" said Sardinha when he asked to elaborate.He added that due to elections, some of the projects could not be tendered, such as a playground at Betalbatim and that they would have to check up on all such pending planned works.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14327569", "title": "Rs 5 lakh stolen from bag hanging on motorbike", "text": "INDORE: An unidentified boy reportedly stole Rs 5 lakh in broad daylight from a bag hanging on the motor bike in Kshipra here on Thursday.The victim identified as Kailash Chandra, 47, a resident of Manglia village near here lodged a police complaint with the police in which he stated that he was returning home when he lost Rs 5 lakh cash.In his complaint, Kailash stated that he had gone along with his mother Tara Bai to withdraw Rs 5 lakh from the branch of Bank of India in the morning. They have a joint account in the bank.After withdrawing money, Kailash wrapped the money in polythene bag and then kept it in a bag, which he dangled from mobike's handle. When they reached home, the man found the money missing from the bag. He rushed to Kshipra police to inform it.Kshipra police station in-charge KR Pandey said that police received a CCTV footage, which could be helpful in tracing the accused. A few witnesses to the incident have also come forward claiming that they have seen the accused fleeing with the money.They have told police that when Kailash kept the money in the bag and was struggling to seat his mother on the motorcycle, the unidentified boy allegedly opened the bag and fled with the bundle of cash.The witnesses said that they followed the boy but in no time he managed to disappear in the streets. Police booked the case under Section 389 of the IPC and are investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14329477", "title": "2 medical representatives arrested for illegal sale of A-pills", "text": "PUNE: Two medical representatives were arrested on Thursday for illegal sale of abortion drugs following an FIR lodged against them by the Food and Drugs Administration (FDA). The FDA had filed an FIR against a drug wholesaler in Sadashiv Peth and three medical representatives for illegal sale of abortion drugs on Sunday. They were found to have sold abortion drugs worth over Rs 80,000.\"We arrested two of the three medical representatives for illegally selling abortion drugs. The third medical representative is still at large. The wholesaler managed to get an anticipatory bail,\" said police inspector Arjun Sakunde of Vishrambaugwada police station.The two medical representatives were working for promoting drugs of a pharma company. \"Their job was to fetch abortion drugs from the stockists as per the requirement of doctors. But, in order to make quick money, they printed letter-heads on doctors' names and started drawing the drugs against them from stockists,\" said Sakunde.\"During an inspection, our officials found that the wholesaler in Sadashiv Peth had sold abortion drugs - misoprost tablets, MT pills and MTP kits - worth over Rs 80,000 against fake receipts of doctors and to three unlicenced medical representatives. Hence, we had filed an FIR against all four with the Vishrambaug police station,\" B R Masal, joint commissioner (drugs), Pune division, told TOI on Monday.Over 15,000 abortion tablets were sold illegally by the wholesaler and the three medical representatives. Of these, 10,000 were that of misoprost 200 microgram, 900 MTP kits - each kit containing four abortion tablets - and 1,648 MT pills.\"The drugs that were sold illegally include abortion-inducing drugs. These medicines promote uterine contractions to help expel the tissues that form the foetus in the first or second trimester of pregnancy. The tablet can abort a second trimester pregnancy. This also happens to be the period when the sex of the foetus can be easily diagnosed with a sonography test,\" said officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "nagapattinam", "code": "14326986", "title": "Fishermen stay at home to protest arrests by Lanka", "text": "NAGAPATTINAM: Fishermen of Akkaraipettail village in Nagapattinam district did not venture into the sea for the third day in succession in protest against the arrest of their counterparts by the Sri Lankan coast guard. Though the state government has ensured the release of the nine Tamil fishermen, about 12,000 fisherfolk went ahead with the strike.The fishermen remained at home from Tuesday morning as soon as they came to know about the incident that took place on Monday midnight when the nine fishermen were arrested by the Sri Lankan coast guard in the mid-sea, a few nautical miles away from Kodiyakarai in the district for allegedly crossing the international maritime boundary line.According to K Gunasekaran, assistant director of fisheries-marine, Nagapattinam, \"We have not received any official communication about their arrival to Nagapattinam. However, it has been learnt that the Sri Lankan government has not slapped any case on our fishermen following high-level talks between the two countries. But they were produced in the local court there and warned not to repeat the same. Later, they handed over the nine fishermen and their belongings to Indian embassy in Jaffna. Our embassy, however, is yet to inform us about the return of the fishermen to Akkaraipettai.\"However, G Manoharan, president of Akkaraipettai village said, \"We are holding the strike to register our protest against the Sri Lankan government for the constant attacks on us. Due to the strike, fishing has come to an abrupt halt in our area resulting in a loss of more than Rs five crore worth business in the past two days. We would resume our work only after the arrival of our fishermen safely in Akkaraipettai.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "14327331", "title": "India clinch 'Aman Ki Asha' cricket series in Pakistan", "text": "ISLAMABAD: India won the 'Aman Ki Asha' one-day series beating Pakistan by 56 runs in the second match of the physically challenged cricketers at the Shalimar Ground on Monday. Batting first, India made 229 for eight in 30 overs and in reply, Pakistan were all out for 173 in 28.1 overs.This two-match series was played under the banner of 'Aman Ki Asha' - an initiative of The Times of India and Jang Group in Pakistan.Ravi Patil, who scored a century in the first match, was the star performer for India once again. He scored a fine 53 while Tushar Paul made 41 to help the Indians post a very competitive total. For the hosts, Tahir Ali took three wickets.Pakistan were off to a decent start and had scored 92 runs in 10 overs. But after Junaid Khan (57) and Adeel Khan (46) got out, the Indian bowlers tightened the noose around the Pakistani batsmen.For the visitors, off-spinner Utpal Majumdar ran through the Pakistan middle and lower order to finish with amazing figures of 5-18. He also made 32 runs with the bat and won the man-of-the-match award for his superlative performance. In one of his overs, he grabbed three wickets and narrowly missed a hat-trick.Praveen Bahl, the president of the Physically Challenged Cricket Association of India (PCCAI), said his experience in Pakistan was very exciting and he was thrilled by the fact that he was able to return to the soil where his ancestors were born. \"I had always dreamt of returning to the country where my forefathers lived and spent their lives,\" Bahl said.Bahl admitted that the players' families were concerned for the safety of the boys. \"They said reports from Pakistan suggested that visiting the country at this point of time could be dangerous,\" he said.However, he said the fears were misplaced. \"People who warned us against visiting Pakistan were absolutely wrong. Pakistan is as peaceful as any European country. We feel absolutely at home. The atmosphere is peaceful and the people are friendly and hospitable. We are really enjoying our stay here,\" he said.Brief scores: India 229-8 in 30 overs (Ravi Patil 53, Tushar Paul 41, Utpal Majumdar 32; Tahir Ali 3-39, Sohail Ahmad 2-28) vs Pakistan 173 all out in 28.1 overs (Junaid Khan 57, Adeel Khan 46; Utpal Majumdar 5-18, SarangChafale 2-20, Rajesh Shantaram 1-31, Dhiraj Harde 1-0).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14330207", "title": "Automated track: Motor vehicles department racing against time", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The motor vehicles department officials in the city are on the lookout for barren land to set up a computerized driving test track and vehicle fitness certification centre.They are now forced to find out a suitable land of their own because they stand the risk of losing the Rs 3-crore fund allotted in the budget for automation of driving tests and vehicle fitness tests in the city.\"We have looked for a suitable land in most parts of the city. In the process we have learned that the capital city is one of the places where it is most difficult to find land for government projects,\" said Thiruvananthapuram joint road transport officer Manoharan Nair. The transport minister had allotted fund for the project in this year's budget. If the department fails to find out the land and start the work, the fund would lapse, he said.He also said that right now the department is awaiting the response from the district collector on a letter seeking to grant a piece of land that they have set their eyes on. The department has found out a two-acre land at Kudappanakunnu near the civil station complex, which they think would be suitable to set up the centre. The land belongs to the animal husbandry department.Meanwhile, Keltron authorities, who hold the responsibility to execute the operations, said that they have not even framed the proposal for the capital city since they could design the blueprint only after inspecting the land.The automation of driving test tracks and vehicle fitness test centres is an ambitious project of the MVD which aims to bring down the element of corruption in these tests by bringing down the amount of human intervention. Five districts -- Thiruvananthapuram, Ernakulam, Thrissur, Kozhikode and Kannur -- were chosen for the first phase of the project.The automated driving test track and computerized vehicle fitness checking centre at Kozhikode was inaugurated by transport minister Aryadan Mohammed on June 9. The facility at Kannur is also nearing completion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "14327492", "title": "Delayed relief sparks stir against Pharma City", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The small village of Tadi is on the warpath and at the receiving end are the government and the management of Ramky Pharma City for failing to initiate steps to relocate the settlement. The youth of the village close to Parawada re-launched their agitation on Thursday under the banner of the Tadi Taralimpu Samkshema Sangham (TTSS) and demanded that the Ramky management rehabilitate the pollution-stricken villagers.Locals said that pollution levels in and around Tadi have reached alarming levels. \"It has become difficult to live in the village due to the dumping of non-biodegradable polythene, which is causing breathing problems and skin allergies ,\" Dharma Rao, a resident of the village, said.They are demanding that district authorities stop the construction of Tridax Laboratories, a pharma unit which is coming up in the green belt area in the vicinity of Tadi. The renewed agitation has the support of Left parties and TTSS president N Padamatayya has warned that if immediate steps are not taken to relocate the village and provide employment to the villagers, they would stall operations in Pharma City.Ch Narsinga Rao, the CPM district secretary, has alleged that although the government and the Ramky management had long back given assurances to the villagers on the proposed relocation, nothing had been done so far.He alleged that the authorities were refusing to take any action as Tridax Laboratories is allegedly owned by minister Kanna Lakshminarayana's son.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14327806", "title": "Will Rs 2,000 crore redevelopment plan be dusted?", "text": "MUMBAI: With Thursday's fire causing major damage to the eight-storeyed main building of the state secretariat, it appears that the Rs 2,000-crore Mantralaya makeover project, seriously discussed in 2009, could once again see the light of day. Or at least, it will be discussed for a while until the building is made habitable again.The project envisaged by the state public works department has been mired in controversy, the last being the Opposition's allegation that the government had declared Mantralaya \"a slum\" to get additional FSI. Following the allegations, the government had said the project stood scrapped. \"This was an old plan and stands scrapped even today,\" said state home minister R R Patil on Thursday when asked if the fire was a possible sabotage to revive the Mantralaya makeover project.According to state officials, the project tender was bagged by construction and infrastructure firm Indiabulls. The project was intended to redevelop the main Mantralaya building, the administrative building opposite it and approximately 50 row bungalows. This would have made way for a massive tower to come up over a period of five years. The builder would get four to five acres of land in lieu of the redevelopment.The state, in its approval application, had said it would develop the building under Clause 33(10) of the Development Control Regulations, a clause for slum redevelopment.The plan, though, was declared unviable by PWD minister Chhagan Bhujbal . He had said that the state, in the wake of the allegations, would redevelop the building on its own. However, even that plan did not take off.\"It is, in a way, a blessing in disguise. These proposals haven't materialized because the fire safety then would have been a concern in a 30- to 40-storey building, as was being planned in the makeover project. If the fire in this building is proving to be tough to handle, imagine firefighting in that tall a building,\" said a state official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "14330332", "title": "Bokaro celebrates festival with gusto", "text": "BOKARO: Thousand of devotees participated in the annual Rath Yatra - which began from Jagannath temple in Sector IV and concluded at Ram Mandir, Sector-I on Thursday - taking turns to help pull the chariot of Lord Jagannath, Devi Subhadra and Lord Balbhadra. Everyone from women to children and young to aged descended on the streets chanting 'Hari bol' and 'Jai Jagannath' to offer prayers. Bokaro Steel Plant (BSL) CEO, Anutosh Maitra offered puja to the deities and performed the ritual of chhera-panhara during which he swept the holy chariot with a broom.The rain which lashed the city didn't deter the devotees from participating in the celebration and some, in fact, said it was a good thing. \"Rains on the day of Rath Yatra is said to be auspicious.It did not bother me and I turned up with my family to offer puja to the deities on the chariot,\" said Anju Parira.The arrangements made by BSL management in coordination with the district administration were comprehensive.Policemen were deployed at all important points to control the rush of people and organizers were seen helping devotees in the holy procession.A temple priest said that the number of devotees had visibly increased this year. \"Lord Jagannath, Balbhadra and Subhadra will return to his original adobe after nine days in his holy chariot,\" he said.Meanwhile Bermo, Kasmar and other areas across the district also witnessed large celebrations with large number of people descending on the streets to pull the chariots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14328236", "title": "Rain picks up in 3rd week, but deficit still 24%", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rain picked up in the third week of monsoon's arrival in the country but the overall deficit was still high at 24% on the eve of IMD's second monsoon forecast that is expected to be announced on Friday.The third week of monsoon (June 14-20) showed a rain deficit of 5%, down from 50% the week before.\"Overall monsoon progress is slightly behind schedule but such delays are usual,\" said L S Rathore, director-general of the India Meteorological Department ( IMD).\"If the monsoon progress was delayed by more than a week, then it would have been a cause of concern,\" Rathore said, implying the rains would increase their spread shortly into areas which usually have received them by now.But concerns over the monsoon's performance remain, with fears of the El Nino weather pattern as well as an unusual temperature difference in the Indian Ocean (called a negative Indian Ocean Dipole) developing later in the season. Both phenomenon are known to weaken the monsoon in India.A delayed start is not unusual and the key to avoiding drought really lies in distribution of the rains over key crop producing areas during July and August -- the heaviest rainfall months.But farmers need rain to moisten the land for sowing and a lack of rain initially can push that work back and consequently harvesting.The June-September rains arrived over the southern Kerala coast four days behind the usual start date of June 1 and so far have covered more than half of India.The northern limit of the monsoon cut through Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh and the eastern-most fringe of Uttar Pradesh. The monsoon had not covered much fresh in the past couple of days.Water levels in India's main reservoirs in the week to June 21 were at 17% of capacity, down eight percentage points from the year ago period, government data showed on Thursday.But the latest reservoir levels are higher than the 10-year average of 15% for the week as last year's average rains ensured comfortable stocks at the start of the rainy season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14329403", "title": "Students launch drive to push helmet use", "text": "PUNE: Launching a public awareness campaign about use of helmets, about 40 students, who just passed their SSC exam, have pledged they will wear helmets while riding two-wheelers.Deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Vishwas Pandhre, who flagged off the campaign, said traffic branch officials would meet city colleges principals to encourage spreading awareness among youngsters about road safety and use of helmets.Pandhre said it was necessary that students use helmets when they ride motorcycles to colleges. Last year, as many as 450 people lost their lives in road accidents. Of these, 215 died of injuries that could have been avoided by wearing helmets. Several IT companies have made wearing helmets compulsory for their employees to enter the office premises.Appreciating the initiative of the students, Pandhre said his department will soon implement road safety drives with people's participation.The students will distribute pamphlets, carrying messages encouraging use of helmets, at eight main junctions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14329794", "title": "Presidential poll: BJP\u2019s charge on consensus childish, Congress says", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress on Thursday rejected as \"childish\" the BJP's complaint that it was not consulted before UPA selected finance minister Pranab Mukherjee as its presidential candidate.\"This is a childish complaint that they were not consulted before or after. As soon as the UPA candidate was decided, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh sought their support,\" he said, adding that Congress president Sonia Gandhi had also appealed to all political parties to support Mukherjee.Congress general secretary Janardan Dwivedi said former Lok Sabha Speaker P A Sangma was BJP's \"borrowed\" candidate and that the party was merely spoiling for a contest.\"They are fielding a candidate only for the sake of contest. They are playing some political game. This is all useless talk that we did not take initiative,\" Dwivedi said.He recalled that \"even in 2002 when BJP had proposed A P J Abdul Kalam's name, we did not go hunting for candidates but supported him\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14334322", "title": "Cummins Turbo celebrates its diamond jubilee", "text": "INDORE: Cummins Turbo Technologies (CTT) is celebrating its 60th anniversary this year. Cummins Turbo Technologies has grown to be a global company with operations in most parts of the world and sales of over US$1 billion. Technical centres in the UK, China, USA and India continue to develop air handling technologies for global customers in diverse markets including on-highway, commercial vehicle, industrial, construction, agriculture, marine and power generation.In India, CTT began as a JV with Tata Motors at Dewas as Tata Holset in 1994. In 2007, the company became a wholly owned subsidiary of Cummins and was named Cummins Turbo Technologies. With a humble beginning of 15 employees at Dewas in 1995, today CTT has grown to about 900 employees in India. To boost the export business, CTT laid the foundation stone of the Pithampur SEZ plant in 2007. The plant began its operations in 2008 and can match any best facility anywhere in the world. The second plant in Pithampur is nearing its completion. In line with Cummins values of partnering with customers, CTT started an assembly line in Rudrapur.Tracy Embree, President-Cummins Turbo Technologies comments, \"Our legacy and heritage have equipped us well for the challenges ahead as we enter a new decade of accelerated global growth. While we continue to partner with our customers to deliver the best products and technologies, our commitment to the environment and the communities within which we live remains at the heart of our business.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14326572", "title": "SMEs worst affected, report losses of up to 50% in last 2 months", "text": "GURGAON: Extended power cuts in Gurgaon's industrial units have pushed down growth in the small-scale sector by over 50% in the last two months, according to a report compiled by an industrial body on the impact of power shortage on small industries in Delhi and NCR.Daily blackouts of up to 15 hours have been reported from Udyog Vihar in the last few months, leaving the industrialists with no choice except to shift production full-time on diesel-based backup, further escalating the operational costs.\"Industrial units in these areas, particularly the SMEs, are on the verge of closing down due to this unprecedented power crisis,\" said a representative of ASSOCHAM, which prepared the report.During the last two months, industrial units in Gurgaon have reported a spike in power demand too. According to the report, daily electricity required by the industrial units has reached 1600 MW, whereas the supply still falls short by 200 MW. \"Frequent power cuts have caused the industrial units to lose 50% of their planned production in the last two months,\" he said.The industry body is also projecting further losses of 10% for the small-scale industries, should the power crisis in the region continue. \"If the power scenario remains unchanged the resultant loss of industrial production could surpass 60% for Gurgaon's industrial units,\" the representative added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14329320", "title": "At this Rath Yatra, kids haul the chariot", "text": "VADODARA: Chants of 'Jai Ranchod. Makhan Chor' filled the air as kids in the city celebrated their own Rath Yatra festival in style on Thursday.Even before the young and the old took to the streets to haul the chariot during the annual Jagannath Rath Yatra, around 1,000 students, parents, teachers and devotees thronged the city-based Prince Ashokraje Gaekwad School on Thursday morning at the unique kids' Rath Yatra, which has now become an annual feature.Students from the age of five to 12 hauled the decorated rath with idols of Lord Jagannath, Balbhadra and Subhadra at the school located in the Dhairya Prasad Palace campus besides Lalbaug main road.\"It is for the sixth consecutive year that we've organized the Rath Yatra festivities for our school children, parents and teachers,\" Devyaniraje Gaekwad, managing director of the school and widow of Lt Col Ashokraje Gaekwad, former ADC to Lord Mountbatten, told TOI.The palace compound houses a temple dedicated to Lord Jagannath. This temple follows all the daily devotional procedures and practices as observed in the Swami Jagannath Temple at Puri, Orissa.\"The temple priest also hails from Orissa. We have been organizing this Rath Yatra to give exposure to kids towards culture, which is also important for their overall development. Also, children hardly get a chance to haul the chariot or enjoy the bigger Rath Yatras. At our school, they coordinate the entire festivities, haul the chariot from the temple to the school and after worship at the school campus, the rath is taken back to the temple premises,\" informed Gaekwad.During the day-long celebrations, bhajan programmes were also organized on the temple campus near the school. The bhajans were led by Dwarakanath Bhonsle and Atta Khan, Ram Kabir Bhajan Mandali, Mohini Bhajan Mandali and Narayan Bhajan Mandali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14331105", "title": "Horror stories at Passport Seva Kendras", "text": "BANGALORE: When Mysorean Prema D'Silva decided to renew her passport, she didn't know she would undergo an ordeal. She got an appointment online after trying thrice. Called to the Marathahalli Passport Seva Kendra, she thought the formalities would be over in a day. She was wrong. On June 20, she made her sixth visit to the same PSK in less than a month. Her Passport is still not renewed.It's two months since Maria Francis first tried to get an appointment for renewal of her passport. \"My husband kept logging on at 6pm for an appointment. Finally,we got one on June 4.\" Once at the counter, she realized the trouble she was in for. \"In my appointment sheet, the date was mentioned in a wrong format, so I have to undergo the entire process again. They should set up additional counters to look at minor issues in forms,\" she says.HB Mukunda, a former state government official, needs to fly to the US in August to see his son. But he's not sure after his third visit to the Lalbagh Road PSK if he will make it. \"I got an online appointment two months ago. The officer I met told me my passport couldn't be renewed as my bank passbook was not updated. Each time, the officers quote a rule and send us back.This is killing our time and money,\" he says. Says an equally frustrated Narmada R:\"Why are renewals taking such a long time? When they have issued us a passport once, renewal should be a snap. This is ridiculous.''While agreeing that booking online appointment is difficult, regional passport officer K J Srinivasa said: \"The problem is with the sudden rise in the demand for passports. We need more manpower and infrastructure. Also, 30-40% people don't turn up at kendras after seeking an appointment. This creates a huge backlog.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14329582", "title": "Sex case accused approaches high court", "text": "KOCHI: A student ousted by the Mahatma Gandhi University after he was arrayed as an accused in the Paravoor sex racket case has approached the high court challenging his expulsion.The student, Arun Muraleedharan of Cherukunnam, near Perumbavoor, was expelled after he was booked in Paravoor sex racket case. The case relates to the alleged rape of a 14-year-old girl by more than 100 men, including her own father, over many months. The accused in the case include several persons from the film world, businessmen, a retired Naval official, and a PWD contractor from Tamil Nadu.Arun has contented that he has only been made an accused in the case and that the expulsion by the university was premature as police hadn't yet filed the final report in the case.When the case came up for hearing before Justice T R Ramachandran Nair, university's counsel T A Shaji submitted that the matter raised by the petitioner had to be considered by the Board of Students Grievance and that the board would have to conduct due enquiries in the matter. He also contended that the board would require more time to complete the proceedings.Petitioner's counsel Pauly Mathew Muricken argued that the court should stipulate a time-frame for the university to arrive at a decision rather than letting the university decide on its own.Based on the submission, the court ordered that the university should take a decision on the appeal filed by the student as expeditiously as possible, but within a maximum period of two months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "india", "code": "14329387", "title": "FDA files FIR against three dairy owners", "text": "INDIA: The Food and Drugs Administration (FDA), Pune division, filed an FIR against three dairy owners in Kolhapur and destroyed 22,272 litres of substandard milk worth Rs 6.32 lakh in Pune division during their ongoing state wide no-tolerance drive against milk adulteration that started on June 1.\"Of the 22,272 litres of milk destroyed, the highest (over 21,500 litres) was seized from Sangli alone,\" said Chandarashekhar Salunkhe, joint commissioner (food).The FDA has inspected 152 milk supply points, including dairies, milk transporting vehicles and milk dispensation centres, since June 1.\"We sent 57 samples for tests till today. After six of them were found substandard, those concerned were issued notices asking to improve the quality of the milk or face action,\" Salunkhe said.The milk sold in Pune was found to be of good quality and not a single case of adulteration was registered, Salunkhe added.The aim of the drive was to monitor the mechanism to check adulterated and sub-standard milk being sold in the state.\"We also wanted to find out region-specific patterns of milk adulteration, improve on the existing system of collecting samples for tests and find ways to bring erring milk suppliers to book,\" Salunkhe said.In earlier cases, the court of joint commissioner (food) imposed a fine of Rs 30,000 each on two milk distributors from Satara on Thursday.\"They were found using milk powder to adulterate milk. Both were booked in April,\" Salunkhe said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14326816", "title": "Citizens pledge to donate blood at TB Sapru Hospital", "text": "ALLAHABAD: More than two dozen people, including doctors, lawyers and other professionals, submitted \"declaration forms\" on Thursday to donate blood at TB Sapru hospital.Deputy chief medical officer Dr Vivek Srivastava said some people also participated in voluntary blood donation camp at the blood bank, TB Sapru hospital, on Thursday. He added that people have also submitted \"declaration forms\" claiming that they would be coming at blood bank center to donate blood on call.Dr Srivastava added that health department is encouraging people, especially youth, to donate blood. The department has also been carrying out various educational and awareness camps to dispel myths related to blood donation. Rural folks are also being encouraged to donate blood. A special blood donation camp is underway at various blood banks between June 14 and July 14.The health department has also planned to prepare dictionary comprising details of voluntary blood donors like names, age, address, telephone numbers so that they can be contacted in times of need.Senior dermatologist, TB Sapru hospital, Dr. AK Srivastava told TOI that a symposium on HIVAids was also held at TB Sapru hospital where people were being briefed about the deadly disease. He added the doctors have been making efforts to ease the misconception regarding voluntary blood donation and also promoting youths to come forward for the novel cause.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14328686", "title": "17 tolas gold and Rs 4L cash stolen", "text": "NAGPUR: Ashtankars run of bad luck seems to be continuing for over a year. Last year, they were falsely implicated in a car accident case at Nandanvan police station. This year, burglars raided their Narendra Nagar home on Thursday afternoon and took away 17 tolas gold and Rs 4 lakh cash.The Ashtankars had moved into their fourth floor apartment just a year ago. They felt so secured in the new dwelling that they kept the valuables and cash kept at home. Their neighbour in the adjoining apartment, the Sonak family, informed them that something appeared wrong at their home. The lock of the front door was broken and belongings could be seen strewn everywhere.Rajendra Ahstankar, who had gone to Nandanvan police station to settle the accident case, rushed back on being informed. \"The almirah was not locked. The keys to the locker were inside the almirah behind the clothes that the burglars traced,\" said Rajendra, who runs private taxi business. \"The burglars took the gold and cash. They left behind silver, imitations and even the gold-plated utensils,\" he said. Rajendra had left home at 11.30am with wife and two children for his father's place at Ramdaspeth.The cook had already completed her work in the kitchen in the morning and the other domestic help was yet to come. The security man, who works elsewhere in daytime, had left at 9am. The watchman's wife too had left with his son for hospital. It is learnt employee of a private firm had come to drop a bill at Ashtankar's place at 1.30pm. Police have questioned the bill delivery boy but he said he found nothing amiss when he came.Police feel burglars may have struck between 2.30pm and 3.30pm. At 2.30pm, when the neighbouring Sonak family left their house nothing was wrong but when they returned after an hour they found Ashtankar's lock broken. The burglary is second major one in the city within 48 hours. The Gupta family at Satnami Nagar too faced a substantial loss when burglars decamped with Rs 1.60 lakh cash and valuables worth another Rs 2 lakh from their place while they were away on pilgrimage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14330078", "title": "BJP opposes govt's land allotment rates", "text": "JAIPUR: The BJP legislators from Jaipur have opposed the state government's land allotment rates for the Prithviraj Nagar residential scheme, terming them as 'exorbitant'. The government has also been accused of \"cheating\" the people by demanding additional development charges for the area.The Opposition legislators said that until now the land allotment rates were inclusive of the development charges, but the Congress government was setting a new precedent by charging administrative, development and allotment charges separately.BJP MLA Rajpal Singh said, \"The decision is misleading as the government has not mentioned the development rates. Congress has made its intensions clear that it does not want to give relief to the poor residents of the colony and will burden them with heavy development rates.\" He added, \"For the first time development charges are not included in the allotment and administrative charges. The government should develop the scheme on the rates which every resident has paid.\"As per the previous JDA plan the state government needs around Rs 16,000 crore for the PRN scheme. After this minimum development charges which residents have to pay will be Rs 1,200 to 1,400 per square metre.Legislators claimed that in two-and-a-half year's time after the court's decision the state government has not been able to decide the development rates. The state government has only cut allotment and administrative rates so far which is not going to help the residents as people will continue to be deprived of the development in the area. Even the Congress government has admitted that it is not a solution.The Congress government has formed a special team for fixing the developmental charges. \"Under development charges, one would be charged for water, electricity, road and sewerage facilities. For determining the rates a committee of heads of the departments concerned will be constituted which will submit recommendations regarding rates. We will protest and come on roads with the residents if heavy development charges are fixed by the committee,\" said a BJP worker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14330699", "title": "Carrots, not sticks, motivate workers", "text": "WASHINGTON: Workers respond better to the promise of reward, or carrots, than they do the threat of punishment, or stick, a study suggested . Previous research says that the threat of penalty is more effective for getting increased effort , said Karen Sedatole, associate professor of accounting in Michigan State University's Broad College of Business.\"Our findings show what carrots work better than sticks \u2014 in other words, workers respond better to bonuses than penalties,\" Sedatole said. Sedatole authored the study with Margaret Christ of the University of Georgia and Kristy Towry of Emory University .The researchers conducted a scientific experiment in which participants played the role of supervisor and employee. Some employees were subjected to a bonus programme implemented by the supervisor, while others worked under a penalty system.Employees subjected to the bonus exhibited more effort and this was driven by greater trust in the supervisor. Sedatole said the study is the first to identify this trust factor.\"What this means for companies is that employees who receive bonuses for their efforts will work even harder, increasing productivity and potentially bolstering profits. But those subjected to penalties tend to distrust the supervisor and, because of that, work less hard,\" Sedatole said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "thalakkottukara", "code": "14333613", "title": "Physical fitness vital for future engineers\u2019 performance: E Sreedharan", "text": "THALAKKOTTUKARA: It is high time the engineering students take care of their physical health, opined Dr E Sreedharan, principal adviser, Delhi Metro Rail Corporation. He was delivering keynote address during the scholarship and endowment prize distribution ceremony of Vidya Academy of Science and Technology, Thalakkottukara in Thrissur district on Thursday.\"The profession of an engineer is highly demanding. An engineer has to find a balance between his personal life and professional life. You can perform well in your job as well as life only if you are physically robust and owns excellent health,\" said the 'Metro Man', hinting that the fast food culture and lack of physical exercise will affect performance of engineers in future greatly.\"Whenever I get a chance to address students, I never speak about my teams' achievements including Delhi metro rail or Konkan rail. Instead, I talk to them about why Union-State governments still believe in this 80-year-old man and his team and our work culture. The cardinal pillars of my work culture are punctuality, integrity, professional competence and social accountability,\" he said.Sreedharan explained punctuality is nothing, but courtesy and consideration for the time of others. In regard to 'integrity', it does not mean just honesty or lack of corruption. Integrity covers the whole range of our activities. For us, integrity means 'having good moral values' and 'absolute transparency' in whatever we do.The need for 'professional competence' in handling projects does not require any emphasis. Knowledge is the only way to improve your professional competence. Knowledge gives you confidence in taking out a professional work, stand rigid against corrupt officers and what not.\"With every projects come social accountability. Time is money. We are using the tax payers' money for implementing projects and if a project is delayed, it's like wasting our own money. The project authorities should realize that they have a responsibility to provide the best value for the money entrusted to them. The projects have to be completed not only on time but within the budget. While doing so, they should ensure high quality and standard of work, and execute the project causing the minimum inconvenience or dislocation to the people with the least damage to ecology,\" pointed out Sreedharan.\"On the corruption index scale, Transparency International has put India as the 85th most corrupted country. We should all be ashamed and alarmed at the scale of corruption taking place in this country. We are still a developing country even after we got independence in 1947. South Korea that has less than one-tenth of our population and got independence only in 1964 has now rose to one among the six countries with powerful economy and production-growth rate. Even the trains used for Delhi Metrorail are manufactured in South Korea. But, the new generation can make a mark, definitely. All the educational institutes should instill and imbibe good values and virtues in our student community so that when their turn comes, they can manage and rule the country in the most upright style and standards,\" he said.Sjata Madhav Chandran, TCS Infrastructure Business India Head, Vidya International Charitable Trust Chairman PK Asokan, college principal Dr Sudha Balagopalan and others participated. 85 students received various scholarships and endowment prizes in the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "14330405", "title": "3-day police duty meet held in Gumla", "text": "GUMLA: A three-day Ranchi range police duty meet organized for the first time in Gumla focused on application of scientific points of views and modern methods to get better results in investigations. Competition on various subjects like forensic science, fingerprints, and medico-legal was also held and police officers and their subordinates participated in it during the meet. A team of 80 policemen was selected during the meet to represent Ranchi range in the state police duty meet.Gumla SP Jatin Narwal, who was chief guest at the valedictory session, laid stress on proper synchronization of both scientific points and update methods in the investigation process. Significance of such meet is percolation of knowledge and best police practice, he added.Competition organized on the occasion helped in enhancing police skills and knowledge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14329152", "title": "Non-collegiate cutoff out", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi University announced the first cutoff list for admissions to BA Programme/BCom of the non-collegiate women's education board on Thursday for the academic year 2012-13. Based on these cutoffs, admissions to the above courses will be offered by different centres of the board.There are 12 centres in Hansraj, Lakshmibai, Kalindi, Shyama Prasad Mukherjee, Jesus and Mary, Maitreyi, Sidharth International School, Maharaja Agrasen, Janki Devi Memorial, Mata Sundri, Bharti, Sri Guru Gobind Singh College of Commerce and PGDAV College.The non-collegiate women's education board runs these DU courses for women in these centres. These courses are different from that of School of Open Learning as the students need to attend classes which are conducted on Saturdays, Sundays and during vacation in the colleges. The courses have to be completed in 50 teaching days and the students sit for the regular DU exams along with other college students.For both the BA Programme and BCom, the cutoffs have seen an increase of 3 percentage points this year.For the BCom course, centres in colleges like Hansraj, Lakshmibai, Shyama Prasad Mukherjee, Jesus and Mary and Bharati have increased the cutoff by 3%, while Maitreyi has increased it by 2%.The highest cutoff is recorded in Hansraj College with 78%, followed by 75% in Lakshmibai and Bharti.The highest cutoff for BA Programme is 76% at Hansraj College, up from 73% in 2011.The second highest cutoff is at %Bharti College with 73%, followed by 72% in Lakshmibai and Shyama Prasad Mukherjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14329027", "title": "Govt apathy may deprive SC, ST students of college admissions", "text": "NAGPUR: Thousands of students from SC, ST and OBC categories may not get admission in professional courses of their choice due to the shocking apathy of social welfare department. More than 10,000 students of Nagpur have not been issued caste validity certificates so far, even though the applications were submitted more than a year ago.Pune-based Arun Unhare, ex-chairman of caste scrutiny and verification committee (CSVC), used to come here once or twice a month and sign a few files. Now, the computer system of social welfare office has crashed and has been non-functional since last three days.Only two or three days are now left for submitting caste validity certificates for admissions to professional courses. Desperate parents and students thronged the social welfare office on Friday, trying their best to get the certificate. Since the computers were not working, the staff asked the parents to find their applications in the heap themselves and bring it to them for signature and stamp. This led to utter chaos followed by ruckus, leading to the officials panicking and informing the police.Gulabrao Thakre, deputy director, higher and technical education, Nagpur, has made it clear that no relaxation would be given to any person for submitting caste certificates. \"The social welfare department had sought three months but it has not been granted any time.\"Several parents had also approached social welfare minister Shivajirao Moghe, who asked the law and judiciary department whether any relaxation was possible but was told the same thing.So, unless a student belonging to reserved category has a caste validity certificate, s/he cannot claim any benefit meant for his category.The government officers of the city are completely apathetic towards this problems. Three months ago, when a vacancy was created for the post of CSVC chairman, three officers were asked to take additional charge but all of them refused. Finally, Sanjay Singh Gautam, deputy commissioner (entertainment duty), agreed to take over.Dr Gajanan Kurhadkar, president Akhil Bharatiya Grahak Sanrakshan Samiti, charged officials of social welfare department with colluding with private engineering and medical colleges. \"If students belonging to reserved categories do not get caste validity certificates they will have to seek admission under open category. This will allow colleges to extract a hefty fee from them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14328424", "title": "New industries to install apparatus to check environmental damage", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a decision that might discourage industries to come to the state, government has made it mandatory for all the upcoming industrial units to put in place 'extra' infrastructure to check the damage caused to environment. The order would be applicable on the bigger as well as smaller industrial set-ups.Sources in UP environment directorate said a unit as small as generating a litre of an effluent will also have to install the infrastructure to neutralise the waste and dispose it of in an environment-friendly manner. Since this will shoot up the cost of setting up an industry in the state, it might discourage the setting up of new industries in the state. Sources, however, said the government is serious on saving environment.The GO of the environment department has made it mandatory for all the upcoming and existing industrial units to be environment-friendly. To dispose of the effluents generated from smaller industrial set-ups in an environmental-friendly way, the government has made it mandatory for all upcoming industrial units to install effluent treatment plants (ETPs) at their cost.The order does not only apply to the upcoming units but also to the existing ones. The UP Pollution Control Board (UPPCB) will issue an NOC (non objection certificate) only after the units submit a detailed plan on setting up the ETPs. The UPPCB will also have to ensure that units which are already functional and have the NOCs, also install ETPs.This will apply to all polluting industries which cause air, water, soil or any other kind of evironmental pollution. In a nutshell, all industries which seek an NOC from the board, will have to follow the norm. The government has directed UPPCB to act strict. \"The size and scale of the industry is immaterial, if it is generating hazardous and toxic waste, it will have to set up an ETP,\" said sources in UPPCB.UPPCB officials shared that though polluting industries were always required to submit a detailed plan on controlling pollution caused by them, loopholes remained. The bigger industries like HAL and Tata Motors have ETPs, but the smaller ones will have to be monitored.Twenty seven categories of industries which have to mandatorily seek NOC from the UPPCB are fertiliser, sugar, cement, fermentation and distillery, aluminium, petrochemicals, thermal power, oil refinery, sulphuric acid, tanneries, copper smelter, zinc smelter, iron and steel, pulp and paper, dye and dye intermediates, pesticide manufacturing and formulation, basic drugs and pharmaceuticals, textile, glass and glass products, edible and non-edible vegetable oil, ceramics, foundries, synthetic rubber, electroplating, chlorinated hydro carbon, acid and alkaline and chemical.There are at least 29 other large scale industries which require NOC from UPPCB and environmental clearance from the Central government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14329795", "title": "Heavy rain forecast for next two days", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A cyclonic circulation persisting over the Bay of Bengal caused heavy rainfall across the state in the past two days. There is forecast of similar weather prevailing for at least 2 to 3 more days and trigger chances of heavy rain in the state.\"There was no movement of the cyclonic circulation in the past two days. A similar trend is likely to continue for at least 2 to 3 days,\" Sarat Chandra Sahu, director of local meteorological centre said on Thursday.The rainfall statistics recorded by the local meteorological centre of past 24 hours ending at 8.30 am on Thursday said Baliguda received the highest rainfall of 158 mm in the state followed by Binika (157 mm) and Balasore (121.4 mm). Many places in the state also received heavy rain on Thursday. Of those places, Balsore received highest 85 mm flowed by Bhawanipatna (44 mm) and Jharsuguda (33 mm).With monsoon active in the state the farmers have geared up their agriculture operations in the state. Meanwhile, Chief minister Naveen Patnaik at the state level meeting on natural calamities has directed officials to take all precautionary measures to ensure that any possible floods do not cause much damage in the state. He also asked officials to store food materials in flood prone areas and said that 457 mechanised boats have been kept ready.Revenue and disaster management minister Surya Narayan Patro said that government was prepared to meet any eventuality during the monsoon. He said based on the water resources department's report 234 breaches on river embankments have been plugged. Besides, the government has identified 337 points as vulnerable to breaches, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14329338", "title": "PM, Wen Jiabao discuss water, trade at Rio", "text": "NEW DELHI: Without naming the Brahmaputra, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh raised the issue of trans-border rivers with his Chinese counterpart Wen Jiabao in a meeting on the sidelines of the Rio+20 summit. Foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai said after the meeting that as a lower riparian state, India appreciated the fact that the Chinese had agreed to set up a mechanism for transfer of information.\"The PM said that we would like this to continue so that there is a greater confidence in our country. The Chinese agreed, and in fact they said they would agree to strengthen the communication with the Indian side on this issue as well as on the trade issue,'' Mathai said.The two leaders also referred to the boundary question and decided that the special representatives would work for preparing the joint record of their work so far, which was already announced in January, and also give directions for future coordination between them.\"Both sides agreed that the joint mechanism which has been set up for handling boundary related issues, its first meeting which took place in Beijing a few weeks ago, was a very positive step. PM recalled that in fact the joint mechanism was set up at the suggestion of Prime Minister Wen Jiabao in December 2010 when he had come to India,'' Mathai said.Both PMs agreed that the target of $100 billion in trade by 2015, which was set a few years ago, was on track. Singh raised the issue of Indian trade deficit and the Chinese agreed to work with India in addressing the matter. They specifically mentioned that they were arranging trade missions to India to improve access of Indian exports into the Chinese market.\"They are organizing commodity fairs. And they noted for example one of the changes which has happened recently is that rice exports from India to China will now be commencing,'' Mathai said.Both sides also felt that improving investment would be one way of dealing with the trade deficit issue, particularly if there was a large flow of Chinese investments into India. The PM also mentioned that Chinese investment in the infrastructure sector would be particularly welcome.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "puri", "code": "14329775", "title": "All roads lead to Puri", "text": "PURI: All roads led to Puri on Thursday with lakhs of devotees flocking to the town to participate in the nine-day long Rath Yatra festival. A wave of euphoria swept across the beach town with the reigning deities commencing their nine-day 'outing' from the Jagannath shrine to Gundicha temple in a boisterous procession.From dawn, devotees started occupying their positions in and around the temple to witness the annual extravaganza. The wide coverage of the grand festival on several television channels notwithstanding, there was no let-up in the inflow of pilgrims.The high point of this year's car festival was 'discipline'. All rituals, including the 'chhera pahanra' (sweeping of chariot floors) by Puri Gajapati Maharaja Dibyasingha Deb, were completed on time.For smooth passage of pilgrims, the Puri administration shut most of the narrow lanes and by-lanes connecting to Grand Road.Police had a tough time drawing the crowd away from the chariots and the inner cordon. Though only around 60 people, including priests and cymbal players are supposed to be present on the chariots, a number of pilgrims climbed on to the chariots, disguised as priests. \"We admit that a number of pilgrims wore priests' attire and climbed the chariots. Priests created problems for us when we tried to evict them,\" said a police officer. \"Priests mint money by allowing pilgrims on to the chariots,\" he said.Cops were jittery after last year's scuffle between some policemen and priests on chariots at Gundicha temple.Presence of more than the required number of people on chariots created problems for devotees in getting a clear glimpse of the deities. \"Police failed to throw the hangers on out of the chariots. Many of us were unable to have a clear darshan of the deities. Besides, many priests were clearly trying to flaunt their ornaments before the zooming cameras,\" said Sanjay Saha, a pilgrim.There were instances in the past when some 'influential' priests allegedly manhandled police personnel for preventing them from taking their clients on to the chariots. A few priests were sent showcause notices for their misconduct and uncouth attitude on chariots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14327191", "title": "Maharashtra secretariat fire: Accident, sabotage or an act of terror?", "text": "MUMBAI: The inferno at the Maharashtra secretariat on Thursday gutted the offices of many vital government departments, left at least four floors structurally weak, and incinerated scores of computers as well as thousands of important files. Speculation was rife through the day whether the fire was an accident or an act of sabotage to destroy documents relating to crucial cases and projects.Senior officials refrained from putting a figure on the damage but admitted that the disaster had \"set the government back by at least a year\". With heaps of documents that lined the corridors and rooms of Mantralaya lost, the state will have to start from scratch again in many cases. Files will have to be somehow recovered, passed around departments for perusal as well as approval, and budgets allocated.The brunt of this disarray would be borne by the departments that were hit the worst on Thursday. The blaze destroyed the offices of the urban development department, revenue department, education department, home department, transport department, the chief minister, deputy chief minister and several ministers. This meant that files relating to cases such as Adarsh and Lavasa besides scores of other construction and development projects could be lost forever.Officials stressed that Adarsh records can be recovered from the CBI or the two-member judicial commission; CBI officers too maintained they have all the \"requisite documents necessary to file a chargesheet\".Still, conspiracy theories raged over the cause of the inferno. Many wondered if the secretariat was sabotaged to rid it of records maintained by the urban development department of real estate proposals and projects. The theory was fed by the fact that the fire reportedly began near the department. Another conjecture was that the blaze was started to fast track the redevelopment of Mantralaya. A controversial proposal for the building's makeover as part of a slum redevelopment scheme had earlier been withdrawn.Leader of opposition in the legislative council, Vinod Tawde, reportedly said the incident could be an accident, a conspiracy, or even an act of terror. He demanded the government set up a committee of national and international forensic experts to investigate the matter. Tawde's party colleague Eknath Khadse, who is the leader of the opposition in the Maharastra assembly, also demanded an independent investigation.With a number of theories floating around, the government ordered a probe by Mumbai police's crime branch. Also, CM Prithviraj Chavan pointed out that 27,000 government files had been digitized as part of the state's drive.The crime branch, meanwhile, claimed there was little possibility of \"any malafide intention behind the fire\". \"At this point, it is difficult to say anything, but we are probing all possible angles,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "14330421", "title": "New device for diabetes management introduced at Dhanbad hospital", "text": "DHANBAD: An insulin pump with sensor-linked monitor device to control diabetes was introduced by Dhanbad Diabetes and Heart Research Centre here on Thursday. Dr N K Singh, director of the centre, said it was a new tool for optimizing diabetes management. The pump is inserted into abdominal, buttock or hip region which records glucose information through a disposable sensor and a small data recorder. Dr Singh said insulin pump is a computer device that delivers insulin through a tube connected to a catheter. The chip needs to be changed every three days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14327132", "title": "Spectre of drought, flood loom large in Bihar", "text": "PATNA: The state is caught in a double bind of possible drought in all the districts given the absence of pre-monsoon rains for the last two months and by now also palpably delayed monsoon, while the likely occurrence of floods could also not be ruled out in 28 of the 38 districts if the monsoon conditions, courtesy rain god, improve over the next couple of months.Given the peculiar conditions prevailing in the state, the disaster management department (DMD) has girded up its loins to meet the disaster-like situation in both the situations.Officially, monsoon breaks in the state on June 12 and sometimes torrential rains occur three or four days after that. As it is, while El Nino effect has already delayed the monsoon nationwide, the Talim syndrome in South China Sea has now weakened the initial round of monsoon, resulting in the absence of expected torrential rain.\"That drought could actually hit the state has not yet sunk into the DMD. For, the situation, at present, is volatile. Yet, the threat of statewide drought is there, but monsoon can also hit the state any time causing floods,\" said DMD officer on special duty (OSD) Vipin Kumar Rai, adding: \"We have also started preparing for the likely drought conditions to face the challenge, if at all they occur. We are also prepared for the flood situation.\"Normally, drought conditions - marked by less or partial rain, depleting groundwater resources, falling of underground water table, shortage of pasture and acute scarcity of drinking water - occur in south Bihar districts, or districts lying south of the river Ganga.As to the floods, normal monsoon causes floods in 28 of the 38 districts of Bihar. Of the 28 districts, 15 have been officially designated as most flood-prone. They are Supaul, Madhepura, Saharsa, Khagaria, Sheohar, Sitamarhi, Darbhanga, Muzaffarpur, Madhubani, Samastipur, Vaishali, Katihar, East Champaran, Begusarai and Bhagalpur. The districts partially affected by floods are Buxar, Saran, Nalanda, Purnia, Araria, West Champaran, Sheikhpura, Kishanganj, Patna, Bhojpur, Siwan, Lakhisarai and Gopalganj.Rai said the peculiarity of this year's threat of drought is that all the 38 districts could be equally hit. The threat has put the DMD on its toes. As to tackling the likely drought conditions, it has already prepared standard operating procedure (SOP) in consultation with Public Health and Engineering Department (PHED) for the timely supply of drinking water in the identified critical areas and vulnerable villages of the state encompassing all the 38 districts. Besides, the agriculture department is following norms for the payment of diesel subsidy to farmers.The 52-page SOP, which carries separate messages from CM Nitish Kumar , DMD minister Renu Kumari and department's principal secretary Vyasji, has been provided to all the DMs and cells concerned in the districts. The CM gave its approval to the SOP last month. The DMD, at present, is also engaged in preparing SOP for carrying out activities by various agencies of the government during drought conditions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14329888", "title": "DRDO-designed bio-toilets to boost sanitation drive", "text": "NEW DELHI: When Union rural development Jairam Ramesh put a reality check on the euphoria over missile tests by lamenting \"India can launch Agni, but not provide toilets to its women\", little did he know that defence research body DRDO would be at his door with a bio-toilet.The RD ministry is set to press bio-toilets in its sanitation campaign, a move which would, besides providing proper toilets to rural folks, take the scheme's objective from ending open defecation to waste management.The DRDO-designed toilets run on the technology that breaks down the waste into odourless solid and liquid, making drainage redundant. If the claim stands true, it may turn new rural toilets into urban drainage systems which don't require handling human waste. Presently, they are more for privacy, despite the claim of hygiene.The new system would also deal a big blow to the dehumanizing practice of manual scavenging that the government is set to clampdown upon by drafting a stringent law replacing the archaic one.Ramesh said, \"Bio-toilets can do to rural sanitation what Agni has done to external defence of the country.\"The research body held a meeting with the minister to introduce him to the new technology and desired it be adopted in the Total Sanitation Campaign (TSC) that funds construction of toilets in rural households.The two government arms would sign a MoU, which would pledge Rs 400 crore for bio-toilets under TSC. It has been estimated that one toilet, which includes construction of a bio-digester, would cost around Rs 15, 000.The Centre plans to launch bio-toilets in 1,000 gram panchayats. \"We would saturate them,\" Ramesh said. The big launch is on account of DRDO's claim that it has tested them in high altitudes and deserts for armed forces.But before it happens, the initiative would see a symbolic launch in Dhamra, the port city in Odisha, on Sunday. The venue is significant since it is in Dhamra's neighbourhood of Chandipur that India tests the Agni missile.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "14330337", "title": "Bokaro zoo tiger cub dies after mum steps on it", "text": "BOKARO: A new-born male tiger cub died at the at the Jawaharlal Nehru Biological (JNB) Park, popularly known as Bokaro Zoo, on Thursday after its mother accidentally stepped on it. Park officials and staff are shocked on the death of the cub - one of the three born to Ganga, a white tigress, 35 days ago. The park authorities had recently named the three cubs Amar, Akbar and Anthony.With the death of Anthony, the number of big cats at the zoo has now come down to just four. Ganga, along with its male partner, Satpuda, was brought to the zoo on January 22 from Maitri Bagh in Bhilai district of Chattisgarh in exchange of an emu, a peacock and some parakeets.BSL's chief of communication Sanjay Tiwari said that the incident took place at around 12.40pm when a staff went to feed Ganga in the enclosure where the three cubs were resting. The smell of the food lured Ganga inside the cage from an outside enclosure and she rushed towards her meal, and did not seeing Anthony, who was playing near the gate, ant accidently stepped on it.G Chakrabarty, veterinary doctor-cum-in charge of the park, said that the post-mortem on the dead cub found that its ribs of the cub were broken and one of its mother's sharp nails had punctured its lungs, resulting in internal hemorrhage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14328079", "title": "Shift Maoist leader to hosp for treatment, says court", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court on Friday directed the state prison authorities to shift Maoist leader J Vivek, arrested on May 18, to the government hospital at Cuddalore for continuous treatment .A direction to this effect was issued by a division bench comprising Justice K N Basha and Justice P Devadoss, on a habeas corpus petition filed by Vivek's friend S Gopal on Thursday.Since June 6, Vivek has been on a fast demanding transfer to the central prison at Madurai. As his condition deteriorated, he was force-fed by the prison and the jail hospital authorities on June 19.When the matter was taken up for hearing, his counsel Sankarasubbu submitted that Vivek was lodged in the central prison at Madurai on May 20 and that he was shifted to Cuddalore central prison on May 22 without any reason.At Cuddalore, he had been put in solitary confinement and not allowed to mingle with other undertrials. Besides demanding his transfer to Madurai, he wanted the Maoist leader to be admitted in the government hospital for treatment. S Shanugavelayutham, public prosecutor of Tamil Nadu, however, said Vivek's condition was stable now and that he did not required to be admitted in a hospital outside the jail.He also submitted that Vivek was shifted from Madurai to Cuddalore due to security reasons. Effective steps were being taken by jail authorities to look after Vivek, he said.The judges, however, pointed out that the prison hospital at Cuddalore might not have all emergency facilities, and said it would be desirable to give effective treatment to Vivek in view of his continuous fasting.Directing the jail authorities to shift Vivek to the government hospital at Cuddalore with adequate police escort, the judges said: \"It is made clear that Vivek should be under continuous surveillance.\" They said the district superintendent of police should make adequate security and safety arrangements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14327518", "title": "Monsoon eludes Bhopal, Indore", "text": "BHOPAL: The monsoon continues to elude Bhopal and Indore divisions , though it has covered Jabalpur, Rewa and Sagar divisions. The low pressure area developed in the Bay of Bengal over Orissa coast is static.Advancing of monsoon in Madhya Pradesh depends on the movement in the system in question, the weathermen said on Thursday.The director of the meteorological department, Bhopal circle, D P Dubey said \"The next two days would be crucial for Bhopal and Indore. If widespread rain is witnessed it would mean that monsoon has advanced in western parts of state while otherwise it will be considered as delayed.\"The maximum and minimum temperatures among the four main cities, Bhopal, Indore, Gwalior and Jabalpur ranged between 42.0 and 24.6 degrees on Thursday.Bhopal recorded a maximum temperature of 37.2 (+2) degrees against a minimum of 26.2 (+1) degrees C. The maximum at Indore was recorded at 36.2 (+1) degrees and minimum at 24.8 (+1) degrees C.Gwalior was the hottest in Madhya Pradesh with 42.0 (+3) degrees while minimum there remained at 32.6 (+4) degrees C. Further, maximum and minimum temperatures at Jabalpur were recorded at 33.1 (-4) and 24.6 (-1) degrees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14329524", "title": "Spurt in child abuse prompts helpline to alert parents", "text": "PUNE: Childline Pune, the 24-hour helpline for children in distress, issued an alert to parents and guardians on Thursday about growing child sexual abuse in the city and suggested ways to protect the children.\"Dnyana Devi Childline receives child sexual abuse reports and the number keeps growing. In the last five days, we have had to deal with six cases and received reports of four more. Of these, three were repeated rape/molestation by fathers and two by brothers, which prompted us to issue the alert,\" said Anuradha Sahasrabuddhe, director Dnyana Devi Childline, in a statement.Sahasrabuddhe has appealed to all parents to carefully monitor their children and keep them secure. \"Ensure such communication between yourself and the child that the child feels confident and is motivated to share every little detail of whatever happens in his/her life each day. Empower children by telling them about possible dangerous situations and what to do,\" she said. It is not difficult to tell children about what can happen, she added.Parents must accept that the child was not at fault and reassure the child. \"Both boys and girls can be abused and child sexual abuse case victims range from newborns to every possible age group,\" Sahasrabuddhe said.There were adequate legal provisions and other facilities to help the child. \"If these cases are hushed up in the name of family honour, this amounts to injustice to the child and not only harms his/her trust in the parent but also sets the culprit free to abuse other children. The abused child needs firm parental support and counselling,\" she said.Sahasrabuddhe said that parents and adults also needed to monitor their own behaviour.\"It is a proven fact that children never lie about such incidents. Any change in normal behaviour pattern of the child should be considered a warning signal. Appropriate age specific sex education that includes gender references help children control their behaviour and empowers them to protect themselves,\" she said. She has also appealed to the judiciary, advocates and police not to help perpetrators.Dnyana Devi Childline would provide any guidance/help required to parents to protect their children. \"A resource book for parents is also available with us. Parents can call us on toll free number 1098 (call centre) or on direct lines 25540156/25540026/9767187263\", she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14330635", "title": "African fest a big hit", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab Kala Bhawan on Thursday hosted 'African Festival' to celebrate World Music Day. Young African dancers called \"The Linguere\" participated in the celebrations. The group, founded by poet and national leader Leopard Senghor in 1960, has been acclaimed worldwide.Suresh Singh, AOC 3BRD, was the chief guest on the occasion.Besides dance, the performers also shared with the audience culture and tradition of the African subcontinent. The show started with Yela, a melody of songs that emphasize delicacy and sharpness. It was followed by Puy Nangala, an ethinic dance showing love and celebration after the shepherds discovered new grassy area for their animals. Next was an instrumental interlude in three different styles, including Wolof Ballet, Ballet Ballante and Mandinkol.The show concluded by Final Salvation.The program was executed by Pr Ousmane Diakhate while Ndeye Banda Mbaye was the artistic director of the show. \"It felt good as the audience here is very responsive,\" said Mbaye, who is also director of Ensemble Ballet la Linguere. Group captain Rajendra Mittal said, \"The show was mesmerizing and full of energy. Language of music is same everywhere but what makes difference is the way it is performed. It was phenomenal.\"\"The show was full of energy, costumes were very beautiful and the music was breathtaking,\" said Shakuntala Lavasa, a spectator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14328813", "title": "Did murderer plant evidence to mislead police?", "text": "NAGPUR: A section of cops from the Hudkeshwar police station feel that the murderer may be someone other than the main suspect in the case so far, Suresh Ingley, who is a petty bootlegger. A senior officer said that the real culprit must have planted Ingley's phone book with names and numbers of top gangsters in the deceased Ashish Ingoley's pocket. Ashish was killing with a stone at Rashtrasant Tukdoji Nagar in the early hours of Thursday. The cops had also found Ingley's slippers near Ingoley's body.\"The assailant wanted to mislead the investigation and get Ingley arrested. First, Ingley's health is frail, so he cannot smash someone's skull with a stone and dispose the stone off later. Secondly, implicating Ingley is easy because he had a record against him. Thirdly, it was Ingley who spent most of the earlier evening with Ingoley before his murder,\" said the senior cop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14328464", "title": "Campaign's melody ends on parody note", "text": "LUCKNOW: Bappi da's peppy Ooh la la, ooh la la, tu hai meri fantasy and Salman Khan's Dhinka Chika converted into a poll parody for Panditji, a candidate in ward number 37. Though he has nothing to do with Gandhigiri, aspiring corporator Chandra Prakash Verma distributed kilos of red roses in last two weeks. After all, a rose is his election symbol. Shrimati Reena Vikram Singh has been ringing the bell of ladies in Malviyanagar only to remind them to press the button against her symbol - a bell. Similarly, Ramesh Yadav, a candidate from ward number 3 took the help of iconic Lord Ram, Sita and Lakshman to convince people. Men and women in moving in groups called tolis convincing bhabhijis and bhai sahibs to vote for their candidate added colour to the election fervour on the last day of campaigning.This is only a glimpse of hectic campaign for the election to Lucknow Municipal Corporation, which people in the city witnessed for over a fortnight. Polling will be held on Saturday. As the open canvassing ended on Thursday, candidates launched a door to door mass contact to impress the voters. Over 1,706 candidates, who include 640 women, are in the fray in 110 wards of the LMC, the biggest municipal corporation in the state. On average, at least, 15 persons are in the race in each ward.However, the big question is what makes the post of a corporator coveted when they do not get any salary or allowance? \"Besides social clout, the development funds allocated to corporators are the major attraction,\" said an officer at the LMC. The fund, although, is given for development of the ward, many corporators use it for their own development, he added. \"If you see a corporator, who used to roam around in scooter, riding a SUV after winning election, attribute the credit to 'cuts and commissions' involved in contracts for various development work,\" said another officer.Sample this: The development fund allocated to a corporator in his/her five-year term is around Rs 40 lakh. The portion may cross Rs 60 lakh mark if the corporator is smart enough to convince officials to allocate funds for development of a park, installation of submersible water pumps and street lights etc in his/her constituency. The allocation also increases with every term depending on the funds sanctioned under various state and central government schemes for urban development. For example, the LMC's coffer got fatter with the launch of Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) in 2009 -10. The scheme brought more than Rs 500 crore raising LMC's annual budget from Rs 245 crore in 2008-09 to Rs 741 crore. The present size of the budget is Rs 941 crore.\"The money is meant for building infrastructure at the mohallah level through activities like ensuring supply of clean drinking water, construction of drains and storm drains and strengthening drainage system. A corporator plays an important role in preparing the justification for projects that contractors necessarily need. Being a part of the game means business,\" said an officer.This explains why many full time contractors are contesting elections or have fielded their relatives. The desperation among candidates for corporatorship could also be gauged from the fact that both BJP and Congress are witnessing rebel candidates contesting elections. The BJP has sacked 50 members who are contesting or working against party's official candidate. Probably fearing similar internal bickering, the SP and BSP have decided not to contest election.Apart from moolah, the post also serves as a launch pad for state level politics. It also provides social clout. \"A corporator gets an easy access to civic departments, government offices and police. Even district administration depends on corporators for works like recommendation of people for BPL cards,\" said Prabha Chaturvedi, a social activist. And, that is not all. In 2010, corporators got a chance to go to Singapore and study the role of their civic body in transforming it into a world-class city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14327247", "title": "This academic session promises change in district education department", "text": "VARANASI: The beginning of the upcoming academic session in government primary and upper primary schools is promising to bring a change in the image of district education department in order to attract students. However, the department is gearing up to keep strict vigilance on the attendance of teachers ensuring their availability during the school time this season.\"We are going all out with 'Shiksha Haq' and 'School Chalo' abhiyan to increase enrollment of children (6 to 14 years of age) in the government primary and upper primary schools. Intensified drive would start in the next month between July 1 to July 31.We have already received an increased target of 10 per cent from last year. All efforts would be made to retain these students by providing student-friendly atmosphere in the schools. As a part of the changed strategy, emphasis would be laid on providing more interactive sessions for bridging the communication gap between teachers and students,\" said Basic Shiksha Adhikari, Paramhansh Singh Yadav on Thursday.District magistrate, Samir Verma held a meeting of Zila Shiksha Pariyojna Samiti on Thursday to review the preparations and strategies for improving the enrollment of students in government primary and upper primary schools in the district. The district has nearly seven lakh children in the age group of 6 to 14 years, eligible for free and compulsory education under Right to Education (RTE) Act.Revealing the strategy to attract students, BSA said the teachers have been already instructed to do away with corporal punishment and to promote interactions. This year, besides distribution of free text books, two sets of uniforms would be also given to the students.\"We are also looking forward to constitute Shiksha Dal (SD) at block level that will give feedback about the quality and consistency of teaching at the block level. Each block would have 10 SD and each SD would comprise of three members to look after 20 schools,\" he added.Summer school concludes: The 21-day summer school organized by the department of agricultural economics, Institute of Agricultural Sciences, Banaras Hindu University (BHU) concluded on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14329705", "title": "Hall ticket snafu leaves Calicut University's examination department exposed", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The goof ups in the conduct of examinations by the Calicut University continues unabated.A headless exam department of the varsity on Tuesday gave a harrowing time to its first semester private degree students when they were forced to write a different exam due to errors in their hall tickets.The BA English students who turned up at the Tirurangadi PSMO College to write the test for their complementary course on History of Journalism were dumbfounded when they were handed over the question paper of Fundamentals of Communication and Media course.Farhan bin Abdul Gafoor, who wrote the exam at the centre, said he had no other option but to write the exam on a course which he never opted for.\"The university is playing with the lives of tens of thousands of students. Already our exams are delayed by many months. We got the hall ticket in the last minute and have not been able to contact the varsity to get the mistake corrected. We had registered properly with the university and went to the examination hall hoping that the varsity would have taken steps to correct the mistake in the hall ticket,\" said a miffed Farhan.In another incident, the students of the first semester BA Sociology course unknowingly wrote a different examination at a centre in Kallai. The varsity gave the students the question paper of Political Science instead of Indian Constitution and Politics.The students failed to notice the difference as both the papers were similar. They discovered the mistake only during the post-exam discussions with friends.Meanwhile accusations are being hurled back and forth at the varsity on who is responsible for the fiasco in the conduct of exams.Calicut University Staff Organization (CUSO), a Congress- affiliated employee organization, in a strongly worded statement said that the pro vice-chancellor (PVC), K Raveendranath, a nominee of the Congress, is to be blamed for the improper conduct of examinations.They said that the PVC did not attend the last three meetings of the examinations syndicate standing committee.\"The nominal roles of the first semester degree examination scheduled to start on June 15 was made available only on June 13 and June 14,\" the statement said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "14326698", "title": "10 aftershocks rock Saurashtra, Kutch", "text": "RAJKOT: A day after an earthquake measuring 5 on Richter scale jolted several parts of Gujarat, 10 aftershocks were recorded Saurashtra and Kutch on Thursday.According to Institute of Seismological Research (ISR), Gandhinagar , out of the 10 aftershocks, nine occurred in Kutch.According to ISR, the epicentre of the earthquake was about 26 km south-east of Dholavira. There were 28 aftershocks between 1.44 am and 9.56 am on Wednesday. Tremors were felt in Bhuj, Rapar, Bhavnagar, Jamnagar and Ahmedabad among other cities. Most of the aftershocks occurred around Dholavira.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14329163", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation's school for platform kids a beacon of hope", "text": "NAGPUR: Bringing up an abandoned child is an onerous and sensitive task. The Nagpur Municipal Corporation's (NMC) School for platform children is engaged in shaping the future of 42 orphan children brought from railway platforms from different cities. After two years, the Vishwa Hindu Kalyan Parishad that runs the school has decided to launch two such schools at Lucknow and Nanded too.The school is initiative of municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal and then mayor Archana Dehankar. An abandoned NMC school building, popularly known as Lal School at Lodhipura in Bajeria was turned into a residential school. It was launched in association with railway police on June 23, 2010. Vishwa Hindu Janakalyan Parishad (VHJP), an NGO linked with Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP), was entrusted with the responsibility of running the school.Platform Gyanmandir Nivasi Shala started with six children picked up by the railway police from Nagpur railway station. Initially, no one gave it much of a chance and it was given permission for only 11 months. The VHJP led by project co-ordinator Shrikant Aglawe, who is also secretary of VHP city unit, has made the school a model one.Today it has 42 children on track to become educated citizens. If they were not brought here, most would have entered the world of crime and led a life of difficulty and danger. Aglawe told TOI, all children are pursuing education and also playing some sport. \"Children are provided all meals at the school along with daily needs. Facility for sleeping has been arranged at the school. All except one teenager have been registered with NMC's Saraswati Tiwari High School located in the same area. The teen, Piyush Motghare, 15, is studying in Anjuman Polytechnic College. Piyush was working in a beer bar in city and brought to the school two years ago. We have encouraged him to complete his SSC and admitted him in polytechnic,\" Aglawe said.The youngest is Mithun who was brought from Mumbai VT Station by Sankalpa Foundation two years ago. He is four and a half years old and admitted in the standard 1 this year. Each child's story is heart-rending. Now they are in joyous mood and they realize the importance of education in life. Some even operate computer provided in the school itself. Besides, a few have been registered with sports club as per their interest. They all come from different religious, caste and community backgrounds but live under one roof in harmony.To monitor the children's activities, Aglawe has installed eight CCTV cameras. Aglawe's mobile screen displays live footages from all cameras. The school is becoming one of the famous landmarks of the city. It is regularly visited by Jaiswal, as also by commissioner of police Ankush Dhanvijay, SCZCC director Ravindra Singal and other officials. Political leaders including BJP national president Nitin Gadkari , Praveen Togadiya, Sameer Meghe and many others have also visited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14328971", "title": "Rains cool, but vegetables prices scorch", "text": "NAGPUR: If you think that the rains are going to cool the scorching vegetables prices then think again. The first monsoon showers have not eased any pressure on domestic budgets.Inderjit Bagade, a wholesaler at Mahatma Phule market, says that the high temperatures over past two months have affected local produce. \"Otherwise too, after a few showers very few vegetables from the nearby farms come into the market. We rely mostly on outside produce, from Nashik, Buldhana and even Bangalore.\"Bagade adds that the prices will remain unstable for a month as it is all related to the quantum of supplies that come in. \"Just two days back, coriander was Rs 100 per kg. Today, prices have fallen to Rs 20 a kilogram,\" he says.Though almost all vegetables are now available round the year, in this season the fastest selling veggies are green brinjals, cauliflower, cabbage, lady fingers and tomatoes. With all of them selling between Rs 10 to Rs 20 for 250 gm, the woes of those who run the kitchen are not about to end anytime soon.Sushil Shambharkar, a vegetable vendor at Gokulpeth market, says that the situation will ease over the next one month. \"The wedding season too leads to a spike in prices of veggies like brinjal and cauliflower.\" But he cautions that rains do not necessarily mean lower prices. \"Heavy rains also cause produce to rot, leading to tons of vegetables being discarded. This will again lead to rise in prices,\" warns Shambharkar.So, for the everyday buyer, it is high prices for the next three months, said Nandkishor Gaur, a vegetable merchant at Mahatma Phule vegetable market. \"The entire vegetable crop in areas around Nagpur gets wiped out during the last nine days of summer heat and the onset of monsoon. Once rains arrive, it takes at least 15 days to prepare the fields and another month for sowing. The crop is not ready before October. During these three-four months the entire vegetable produce that arrives here is from Multai and Chhindwara in MP, Nashik and Bangalore. Capsicum, tomato, bitter gourd and green chillies come from Nashik. Cauliflower and capsicum come from MP. Spinach is the only local produce available here at this time.\" Gaur says that the prices will keep on fluctuating depending upon the supply.Resigned to the fate of having to pay exorbitant prices to put veggies on the table, government employee Rachana Kshirsagar says, \"We are constantly looking for alternatives, especially during this season when prices are high and veggies have no taste.\"Adds Mrinal Vaidya, \"We are paying a bomb for these vegetables but they have no shelf life. Nothing is fresh since it is transported from so far away.\"COOKED TO PERFECTIONBrinjal 10Cauliflower 15Cabbage10Capsicum15Bottle gourd10Lady finger15French Beans50Parwal20Tomato10Green chillies15Tinda15Turai20(All prices in Rs for 250gm)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14335797", "title": "FIIs hike stake in India Inc in Jan-Mar quarter", "text": "MUMBAI: Despite weakening fundamentals and a depreciating rupee, foreign institutional investors (FIIs) hiked their combined stake in top Indian companies marginally during the quarter ended March 2012, when compared with their holdings at the end of quarter ended December 2011.Compared to their 12.3% combined stake in BSE 500 companies as of December 2011, FIIs were holding 12.6% three months later, a report by domestic broking major ICICI Securities showed.This holds good even when compared with their holdings two years earlier, that is end of March 2010, when the foreign investors were holding 11.3%, the report based on disclosed shareholding patterns of these companies, showed.\"The optimism displayed by FIIs in the Indian corporate growth story arises from the fact that the Indian economy remained relatively insulated from the global economic meltdown mostly on account of the strong domestic consumption, thrust on infrastructure development and a strong banking system,\" the I-Sec report noted. \"\"The resilience of the Indian economy reaffirmed the faith of FII investors who have increased their holding in Indian companies,\" it further said. After pulling out Rs 53,052 crore in 2008, during the global economic meltdown, FIIs have invested Rs 85,368 crore in 2009 and Rs 1.34 lakh crore in 2010.However, in 2011, FII investments in equity were volatile with a cumulative net outflow of Rs 3,358 crore, while the first three months of 2012 was witness to a deluge of investments with FIIs investing to the tune of Rs 44,500 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14327375", "title": "26-year-old tests H1N1+ve; son, doctors show symptoms", "text": "MUMBAI: A 26-year-old woman tested positive for H1N1 on Thursday and her son has been admitted to Tarapur Atomic Power Station (TAPS) Hospital. Sheetal Raut (26) is receiving treatment at a hospital in Thane.\"Though Raut is in the ICU, her condition is improving. Her son, Soham, is under observation,\" said Dr H Kokane, medical officer (Palghar). Two doctors, Hira Jain (26) and Pramod Kushwa (32), who were treating Raut and Soham at TAPS hospital have been diagnosed with H1N1 symptoms, said Dr Kokane. Health officials claim that this is the first recorded case of H1N1 in Palghar taluka since 2009. Raut and Soham, who reside in TAPS colony, visited Mumbai on June 18 and then seemed to develop H1N1 symptoms.Government doctors have started screening around 150 families residing in the colony and collected blood samples. \"A special ward has been created at TAPS Hospital for the purpose,\" said Dr Kokane. \"All primary health centres (PHCs) have been directed to stock Tamiflu tablets,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "gnd stadium", "code": "14330767", "title": "Asian camp helps Palpreet Singh improve skills", "text": "GND STADIUM: The Basketball Across Borders Asia camp held in Tokyo, Japan, helped Ludhianvi cager Palpreet Singh improve his skills, says the 6.9ft tall dribbler.\"Everyone admired my height as I was the tallest at the camp,\" says Palpreet, who has been training under Dr S Subramanian at Ludhiana Basketball Academy for last five years.The camp, which started on June 13 and went on till June 18, was attended by 50 players from 18 countries, including cagers from Australia and New Zealand, apart from the Asians. \"We got a chance to get trained by present and former NBA players and coaches,\" says Palpreet.He adds that interacting with players from other countries, sharing skills with them and training under NBA coaches was a great exposure. \"Such camps are important for players' growth,\" he adds. Palpreet's coach Dr Subramanian says he is among the players with best footwork at the academy. \"I hope he has learned many skills at the camp and will share them with fellow cagers at the academy,\" adds Subramanian.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14328306", "title": "2-wheelers take over footpaths, leave pedestrians at grave risk", "text": "CHENNAI: The few footpaths available in the city, particularly on Anna Salai, have almost become inaccessible for pedestrians. With metro rail works accounting for half of the arterial road on several stretches, vehicles have taken over the footpaths.In Teynampet, many two-wheeler riders, unable to compete with four-wheelers for what is left of the road, have been spotted speeding along footpaths. \"I always take an auto, even for short distances, because it's really difficult to walk. The two-wheelers have taken over the space,\" says M Subraiyyer of Teynampet.Those who do walk on these paths, especially senior citizens, say they face a grave risk. Every now and then, they say, they have to step aside as a posse of twowheeler riders zips by.\"They ride too fast and people like me struggle to move on,\" says K Kumaraguru, a senior citizen in the neighbourhood. Police should take immediate action in this regard, he says.On their part, many twowheeler riders say they don't have any option. The metro rail work has increased the traffic congestion and it takes more than 45 minutes to reach Teynampet from Nandanam, a distance of barely 2 km, they say. \"Due to the constant traffic snarls, I always make it late to office. If I get a chance I ride over the footpath,\" says Ranjay Chakraborty, who goes to work by two-wheeler.Riding along footpaths is not easy either with obstacles like electricity junction boxes, garbage bins and construction debris making life difficult. Residents of areas around Eldams Road say footpaths here were unkind to all pedestrians, and senior citizens found them particularly inconvenient.\"During rush hour, we wait on the corner till all vehicles pass by. The footpath has become too narrow because of unremoved construction debris,\" says Krishna Kumari, a resident of the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14329907", "title": "Presidential polls: After NDA, Left too splits over Pranab's candidature", "text": "NEW DELHI: After BJP formally split with allies Janata Dal(U) and Shiv Sena over the presidential election, finance minister Pranab Mukherjee's candidature on Thursday also divided the Left with CPM and RSP deciding to support him, while CPI and RSP opted to sit out the July 19 poll.The BJP-JD(U) divergence is expected, but the formal articulation of positions served to again underline Bihar CM Nitish Kumar's insistence that BJP rule out Gujarat strongman Narendra Modi as a prime ministerial candidate.Both sides said the alliance is intact on other issues but despite the brave front, signs of strain are evident with Kumar signaling he is not ready to endorse all BJP decisions and can maintain an independent position. The decision did not go down well with BJP, with leader of Opposition Sushma Swaraj brushing it aside as \"irrelevant and unfortunate\".Support for Mukherjee also split the Left as CPI stuck to its guns in not backing Congress's \"neo-liberal\" policies. On the other hand, CPM leader Prakash Karat said the Left needs to take into account wider implications of a presidential election, although the Bengal factor might have played a role in the party's decision.Left discussions saw those in favour of supporting Mukherjee argue that the election is an opportunity to widen the wedge between Congress and Trinamool and aligning with UPA over a leader from Bengal will further this objective. A letter from former West Bengal CM Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee, who did not attend Thursday's politburo meeting, strongly backed Mukherjee, tilting CPM in the veteran Congressman's favour.Karat said his party is supporting Mukherjee (77) as \"in the present situation, he is the candidate for the post of President with the widest possible acceptance\".Despite a minor reduction in Left votes, Mukherjee looks well set to coast home in the election as the finance minister can command around 5.8 lakh votes in an electoral college of 10,98,882 votes. This will go up further once CPM and RSP votes are tallied. Opposition nominee P A Sangma can hope to gather around 3.10 lakh votes.BJP leaders Arun Jaitley and Swaraj said the main Opposition could not give a walkover to the government which opened consultations on Mukherjee as an afterthought. BJP also sees the election as an opportunity to express its opposition to Congress over UPA's \"failed governance\" and use of investigative agencies to \"manipulate\" political parties.The party sees in backing Sangma an opportunity to join forces with regional powerhouses BJD and AIADMK. Both parties have actively sought BJP's support and the formation of an anti-Congress coalition can have implications in terms of coordinated strategies in Parliament, although there is no likelihood of a formal alliance.But the BJP's move lost some its sheen as tensions with JD(U) can mar its preparations to taken on Congress in the next national election. Kumar has been told that Modi's candidature for PM is hardly final, but he continues to harbour a conviction that the Gujarat CM, whose projection he feels is certain to hurt his efforts to woo minorities, is the real BJP choice. He is also, like Congress, of the view that BJP is backing a borrowed candidate.Congress media in-charge Janardan Dwivedi said it was \"childish\" on part of BJP to complain a lack of consultation. \"They are fielding a candidate for the sake of a contest,\" he said.The Bihar CM's decision to dissociate with the BJP is a reminder that he wants Modi's candidature to be formally ruled out as the price for his continuing the alliance. A break may not be imminent, but is sure to gather momentum before and after the Gujarat assembly poll. As things stand, JD(U) is close to a majority on its own in the Bihar assembly.A break with JD(U) will prove costly for BJP and can see its tally drop. The same may not be the case for JD(U) that can bank on a divided opposition and solid backing of most backwards and mahadalits. In any case, the Bihar leader sees himself well poised to be an important player at the Centre irrespective of the complexion of the government after the 2014 poll.Soon after BJP's declaration of support to Sangma, JD(U) president Sharad Yadav announced in a separate press conference that his party would be voting in favour of Mukherjee.Both BJP and JD(U) stated that going their separate ways for the Presidential poll did not hurt the Opposition alliance and that there will be no change in NDA's politics targeted against the ruling Congress.Swaraj and Jaitley said the party decided to support Sangma after trying unsuccessfully to evolve a consensus within NDA on it. They noted that JD(U) and Shiv Sena had not agreed on supporting Sangma and instead backed Mukherjee and said, \"We regret we could not persuade our allies... We hope they will review their position,\" Jaitley said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14326585", "title": "Gurgaon to get a pet hospital soon", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Gurgaon is all set to get its first state-of-the-art multi-speciality pet hospital. The decision to set up the fourth such hospital in India, after Chennai, Kochi and Panchkula was taken by the Animal Husbandry Department of Haryana.The hospital will be equipped with facilities like a diagnostic lab, blood bank, dog dentistry, 24-hour casualty, ambulance service, ventilators, all kinds of surgical instruments, breeding section, dog hostel, beauty parlour and pet training centre.All these services will be available at nominal charges. As of now, Gurgaon does not have any advanced medical facilities for pets except, beauty parlours and accessory shops. There is also no referral pet hospital in the event of serious surgeries in NCR.Dr K S Dangi, director general of the department of Animal Husbandry, Haryana, told TOI that it would be set up near DLF II area where the department has around one acre of land. Construction will start after administrative approval from the state government.According to the department officials, a pet hospital with such advanced medical facilities was necessary for a fast-growing city like Gurgaon. \"Rapid growth in Gurgaon has led to the disappearance of animals like buffaloes and cows, reducing the work of the department. Keeping the large clientele of pet owners in mind, it was decided that a pet hospital would be set up to help utilize the department's manpower,\" said Dangi. At present, the department is successfully running a pet hospital in Panchkula that caters to pet owners from the cities of Chandigarh, Panchkula and Mohali. It also acts as the region's referral institution for pets with serious ailments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14336287", "title": "Suriya's Thuppariyum Anandhan", "text": "Gautham Menon is planning Thuppariyum Anandhan as a period flick and we hear that the story is set in the 1970s.With Suriya roped in to play the lead role, the director is also considering on bringing back the late James Bond of Tamil cinema, Jai Shankar on the silver screens.Sources say that Gautham is planning to include some scenes that would show the late actor doing an important role. He may either use computer graphics or some scenes from Jai Shankar's earlier films.Source: haihoi.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14330522", "title": "Class XI seats likely to rise this year in Assam", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Assam Higher Secondary Education Council (AHSEC) has said the number of seats available for admission to Class XI in the state is likely to increase this year. Last year, it was about 2, 45,000.U C Das, secretary, AHSEC said, \"A lot of junior colleges are coming up in small towns of the state and there is no shortage of seats in Class XI.\" He said since students prefer well-known institutes over smaller ones, the problem of seats may arise in these good schools and colleges.\"Students normally opt for well-known institutes. Their first preference would always be either Cotton or Handique Girls' College and many may see a crisis of seats as everybody will get admission there. There are seats available in other small junior colleges, but the students do not opt for these institutes,\" said Das.Altogether 1,94,067 students passed this year's matric examination conducted by the Board of Secondary Education, Assam (Seba). Above the state's own students, many also come to the city from neighbouring states and there is always a rush for Class XI admissions in good schools and colleges.Babulal Sharma, the director of secondary board, said, \"There are around 561 government higher secondary schools in the state. There are also hundreds of venture schools and private junior colleges. Besides, almost all colleges still take admission for Class XI, as delinking of higher secondary from colleges has still not taken place. So, students have a lot of options.\"He added, \"The problem is students normally target well-known schools and colleges in Class XI where the number of seats are limited. When they don't get admission there, they feel that there are shortage of seats. But a lot of institutes are there where the seats remain vacant throughout the year as students never go there.\"Students, however, feel that the number of seats in good schools and colleges should be increased as majority of them always prefer them. Payal Karmakar, a student, said, \"Every student wants to study in a good institute. So, the authorities can't say students should opt for an average institute just because there aren't sufficient seats in good colleges and schools.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14328050", "title": "Kalam prefers teaching to becoming President", "text": "BANGALORE: \"Before becoming the President, I was a teacher. After my term, I became a teacher again. I always loved being a teacher.\" That's APJ Abdul Kalam chatting with students of Greenwood High on Thursday.And he told mediapersons the same thing when they asked about his candidature this presidential polls. \"I've given my decision. I prefer teaching.\" When asked about who could be a good candidate, he said: \"It's a good question. But you're putting me into politics.\"The children were bowled over by him. Urging them to be creative, righteous and courageous, he said: \"The whole world is trying to make you like everybody else. But you have to fight to be unique. You should have an aim, work hard, acquire knowledge and persevere... Have the courage to think different, invent, travel into an undiscovered path and combat problems.\"He added: \"Education gives us wings to fly. Primary education should be conducted in a classroom that is creative and teachers who encourage creativity. Achievement comes with that spark within. Righteousness has to be taught by parents and primary school teachers. You should have the courage to tell even your father, 'Don't become corrupt'.\"The students eagerly echoed the oath he read out for them and quizzed him during the interactive session. \"When you became the President, did you want to do more?\" asked a Class 10 student. \"You can always do more. For instance, PURA (Provision of Urban Amenities in Rural Areas) has to be implemented on a larger scale,\" he said. He also asked the school to be part of PURA and help in uplifting rural areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "14330500", "title": "Tea body withdraws protest against National Institute of Design construction", "text": "JORHAT: Chief minister Tarun Gogoi on Thursday urged the Caah Shramik Mukti Sangram Samiti (CSMSS) and Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS) to withdraw their agitation against the construction of National Institute of Design (NID), assuring them that his government will fulfill their 14-point charter of demands.The CM's office, in a letter to the Jorhat administration, asked the administration to convey Gogoi's decision to the two organizations. The organizations hailed the government's decision and decided to withdraw their agitation against the national project. The organizations were opposing the construction of NID on land belonging to tea gardens.Deputy commissioner (Jorhat) Ramesh Chand Jain said, \"The CM took the decision to fulfill the demands of the organizations after meeting the representatives of the organizations at his residence in Guwahati on June 17.\"CSMSS president Muktinath Gowala said, \"We welcome Gogoi's decision to fulfill our demands within three months. \"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14330015", "title": "DGP orders probe into Santra\u2019s case", "text": "JAIPUR: Taking cognizance of the plight of a 25-year old woman who has been force to flee from her village in Dausa after she decided to walk out of her child marriage, the Rajasthan police on Thursday initiated an inquiry.Santra Meena (25), who works as a lecturer at a government senior secondary school at Kherli village of Dausa district, had refused to stay with Dinesh Meena (26) with whom she was married when she was 12. On June 14, following the directions of the Manpuria Kot village panchayat in Dausa at least a dozen people, including her in-laws, barged into her house to forcibly take her along with them. But the woman managed to flee with her parents, grandmother and two brothers, and has been taking shelter in various areas to save herself and her family.State DGP Harish Meena on Thursday deputed a senior officer of the rank of an IG to visit Santra's village and investigate the matter. The officer deputed will also find ways of facilitating her with necessary help.\"It has come to light that the community panchayat is been pressurizing Santra Meena to return to her husband's home against her will. I have asked N Moris Babu, IG (Human Rights) to visit the village of the girl to find the truth,\" Meena said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14334561", "title": "Romancing the rains inside a cab", "text": "We explore the magic of the rains and how, taxis have become the favourite of the youngsters this season.Stirring our romantic imagination, monsoon is often used as a metaphor for love and the euphoric union of lovers. However, rains mean that love birds in the city will no longer be spotted cuddling in public places. Instead, city's youngsters have elaborate plans of hiring a cab for a long drive and making best use of the serenity in the city's outskirts.Software engineer Ankit Wadhwani shares his memories of the rainy season, saying, \"Rains has a special place in my heart. The memories go back a year when I was out with my girl friend on a date at a park. The weather was cloudy and pleasant, when all of a sudden it started raining heavily. We took a shelter beneath a giant tree but soon we got drenched. The experience of being together under a pouring sky was dreamy.\" This time around, he wants to do something different this season.We will hire a cab although I have a sedan at home. This is because it is always better to avoid family enquiries. And 1,000 bucks for a date isn't too harsh on pocket. Roasted corn, street side chai with pakodas and rain \u2014 the combination is superb,\" he says.Young entrepreneur Shivam Shah (name changed) has elaborate plans of making the best use of his relative's outstation trip. He, along with his friends and their partners, are planning a late night gathering in a farmhouse. \"I am not too fond of getting wet in showers. For me, a drive is a good option. A candle light dinner away from city chaos is the best way to enjoy monsoon. Food and company of friends, cocktails with exotic cuisines \u2014 I can't wait for it anymore,\" he says.Dr Rachit Bhushan says, \"Whether it is about driving past washed roads or walking in rain-soaked fields, I just love the drizzle. My partner and I have plans to go for a long drive in the outskirts of the city. Sipping a hot cuppa at some quaint dhaba is just tempting.\"Student Sneha Singh (name changed) shares, \"It might sound usual but watching a romantic flick in a cinema hall with your beloved is very interesting. The parks remain deserted at this point of time in the year. Restaurants don't offer the needed privacy and it is not wise to get drenched in the rains every day. Hiring a cab is good option but for that we need money at our disposal. We are saving enough so that we can go on such trips frequently.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14329463", "title": "His service doesn\u2019t stop after death", "text": "COIMBATORE: Throughout his life, he strove to be helpful to society. In death, his family fulfilled his wishes by donating his body to Coimbatore Medical College and Hospital after he succumbed to pancreatic cancer early Thursday morning.A resident of Saibaba Colony, 75-year-old Jagadeeshan, was a retired engineer from Neyveli Lignite Corporation and was a chief engineer with G Kuppusamy Naidu Memorial Hospital. He had decided to donate his body at the medical college almost 10 years ago, but it was three years ago that he registered with the CMCH after acquiring the certification from the anatomy department, said his wife Kannamal Jagdeeshan.\"Only a month ago we had detected that he was suffering from cancer after he complained of sever pain in his stomach. Although efforts to save him went in vain, he never lost hope that he would live through his deeds,\" she recalled. True to his word, he will continue to serve the medical fraternity even after his death.His daughter J Shyamala, who lives in the US, recalls he was an excellent bridge player, who was part of the Coimbatore Bridge Association. \"He was an inspiration to all of us and supported us in everything we did,\" she said. More than the grief over his death, his family is proud of his achievements in life, she added.P Sivaprakasam, resident medical officer, said that inspired by people like Jagadeeshan, more people are coming forward to donate their body. Last year alone 80 city residents pledged their bodies for research work undertaken by MBBS and MD students at the college. This year at least six bodies have already been received.People have to follow certain formalities if they wished to donate their body. The most important is to get the consent of family members who have to sign the form provided by the medical college. The registration can be done only at the medical college and a person can pledge organ donation by filling a donor form in the presence of two witnesses, one of them being a close relative. The pledge must be prepared in Rs 20 stamp paper and notarized.The medical college, on its part, will give the concerned person an organ donor card bearing a registration number. Any person of any age and background can be a donor. If below 18 years, permission is required from parents or guardian.During the time of death, the body would be verified. Autopsied and decomposed bodies are not accepted. The body will also be rejected if the death was due to a contagious or communicable disease, suicide or homicide. On getting information of death, the body will be embalmed and handed over to the anatomy department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14334731", "title": "Allahabad gears up to elect its first woman mayor", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Thanks to the mayor seat getting reserved for women, the Sangam city is all set to witness an interesting contest this time.For among the nominations filed, in the fray are women from the city's elite families, who are keen to take on civic responsibilities, come June 27. Some of the names in the fray include Dr Vidula Dilip, Sheeri Wadhawan, socialite and wife of former mayor Ravi Wadhawan, Abhilasha Gupta, entrepreneur and wife of former cabinet minister Nand Gopal Nandi and Jamnotri Devi, wife of former Member of Parliament Shyama Charan Gupta.No wonder then that who's who from the Allahabad are coming out in full support, an interesting first for the city. Not just that, also on display are unique ways to ensure voter support.Voting for a reasonSocialite Shalini Talwar, who knows some of the mayoral candidates socially, talks about her reasons for supporting the ladies. She says, \"We prefer to support someone who is known to us and has potential. We have been watching these people perform in various clubs for years, so know they can deliver and they are not contesting to earn money for their benefit.\"Something which even another socialite Rohini Agarwal also supports. \"Women have always been better managers and the way they manage home is testimony to that. It's high time educated and better managers take the lead. Since we have seen these women delivering, we have decided to support them and even campaign for them.\"Techtalk for turnoutUsually, it is seen that the elite families hardly go out to vote in such elections. Hence, this time around unconventional ways to ensure large voter turnout are also being devised.Socialite Parul Agarwal, who has also come out in full support for her friend who is contesting elections this time, adds, \"From using word of mouth to sending smses, to even making calls, we are doing everything to spread awareness about our candidate. Our biggest challenge is to make as many people from the upper class come out and vote as they generally don't take much interest in these elections. Therefore, we are making the best use of technology to ensure sizeable voter turnout.\"Another socialite Anuradha Agarwal who is making use of social networking platform to promote her candidate, adds, \"In the last mayor elections only about 20-30 percent people came out to vote, out of which not many were from among the city's known families. If the upper class decides to come out, it can play a decisive role in the results. Therefore, our team is making best use of social networking platforms to woo them.\" Family FirstThese candidates are getting full support from their families too. \"I'm very happy with the support my family is giving me,\" says Dr Vidula Dilip, adding, \"In fact, my daughter has even created a social networking page for me, and she keeps a tab, informing me regularly on updates and queries.\"Family support is the strength for another mayor aspirant, Sheeri Wadhawan, who relates, \"My family is acting like a think tank and even advising me on my campaigning. In fact, they have a very big say in the entire way my campaigning is being managed this time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14336469", "title": "What makes Jethalal aka Dilip Joshi angry?", "text": "Surprise of all surprises! Jethalal (Dilip Joshi) is angry for once! The funnyman from Tarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah will not be his usual self.And this will worry all the members of Gokuldham Society. So why is Jethalal so angry? Well, the reason behind his mood change is a money cheque that Jetha misplaces. Given to him by a customer, Jetha misplaces it and looks for it everywhere. But Daya comes to his rescue. Being the doting wife that she is, Daya tells Jetha to roam around with some nimboo and mirchi in the hopes of finding the missing cheque.And to his absolute delight, Jethalal finds the cheque right in his own pocket! Dilip Joshi speaks about playing an unusual Jethalal for this particular sequence, \"This is an unusual episode because viewers will get to see me my angry side. We have experimented a little and I'm sure audiences will love this side to Jethalal\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14328253", "title": "A way out awaits some will", "text": "The slew of complaints against the public transport system in Goa notwithstanding, the government share in the sector is just 25%. And while it claims it is doing all it can towards stricter enforcement of rules against the \"undisciplined\" private transporters, state officials say that for some problems, there is simply no solution. Interestingly, both, the transport minister and the transport director have served in the same capacities under the previous Congress-led government too.No mass numbers for rapid transit systemMinister Ramkrishna 'Sudin' Dhavalikar, while admitting there are problems in Goa's public transport system, says that to improve it, via a mass rapid transit (MRT) system, there is a need for more passengers.\"Goa is a tourist destination. But tourism depends on private taxis, tourist taxis and tourist private buses instead of public transport. This is the main cause for the public transport system not developing as it should have in Goa,\" reasons the MGP senior leader.Transport director, Arun Desai, concurs. But first he stresses that while there are about 1,400 private buses in Goa, the Kadamba Transport Corporation (KTC) has only 415 buses.Asked, he says the \"so-called\" MRT system is not applicable to Goa simply because the state lacks the quantum of passengers. \"We have peak flow of passengers only for two hours in the morning from say 7.30am to 9.30am and another two hours in the evening from 5pm to 7pm,\" Desai says.For example, the Sanvordem-Panaji bus in the morning is \"overfull\", but the bus on the same route in the afternoon trip has not even 50% occupancy, he points out. The MRT system is applicable for highly populated metros like Mumbai, Delhi, Kolkata, etc, he adds.M N Sreehari, traffic, transport and infrastructure adviser to the government of Karnataka concurs with Desai. \"MRT is not advisable for Goa. It is not the proper alternative,\" says Sreehari, who is also the mobility plan adviser to the government of Goa for the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) scheme.Sreehari says Goa should think of putting a monorail because \"it is very economical, takes small area and is easy to construct\". He feels part of the transportation problem in Goa is the absence of proper enforcement. He feels the government should think in terms of providing transportation through the water along the coast in vessels that run at speeds of about 40km/hr.'Untamed' private operatorsDhavalikar points to another problem-\"hindrance\" from private bus owners associations and NGOs from time to time, as these threaten to close buses. Many schools and colleges also have their own buses which also affect the revenue of the public transport system, says the Marcaim MLA.The transport director elaborates at length. He says the problem is caused by the existing mixed system of having private bus operators and also the government bus service (KTC). \"Private bus operators are responsible for the lack of discipline. If the public transport was totally run by the KTC, you could have blamed only the KTC, and the chances of improving the system would be far better. This is because you can discipline the KTC which is in government hands,\" says Desai.But it is very difficult to discipline private bus operators, he adds. For a three month-period from October 1, 2010 till December 31, 2010, the transport department registered 2,200 cases against private bus operators in Goa and collected fines totalling Rs 26 lakh.'Lawmakers encourage lawbreakers'But public transport in Goa has always been run by private entrepreneurs. It was only in 1980 that the government set up the KTC, in part, to cater to people living in rural and interior routes which were neglected by private bus operators because they were not profitable. Officials of the KTC still justify the losses the corporation incurs by stating that the mission is more to serve the people than to make profits.Speaking on behalf of 600 members, All Goa Private Bus Owners' Association secretary Sudeep Tamankar says, \"Our members adhere to the rules. But we can't speak for the others. Many have political patronage and it is obvious that some may not go by the book.\"Stressing that the government cannot blame private bus operators, he alleges, \"The transport minister and director have to blame themselves as they support lawbreakers.\" He cites the example of the transport department issuing a permit to an operator from Marcel to run a bus on the Sanquelim-Panaji route without RTA approval. \"This is just one example. There are many such decisions. So when the minister in-charge supports such activities, what better service can you expect for the commuters? And why blame us when they violate the rules themselves?\" asks Tamankar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14330238", "title": "Green film festival begins in city", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A three-day 'Green film festival' which will screen documentaries and short films on environment-based themes, began here on Thursday. Culture minister K C Joseph inaugurated the festival at the University Student's Centre which was followed by the screening of Recycle Bin directed by Sujeesh Mattakara.The festival is being organized by the Gandhian Study Centre of Kerala University, department of information and public relation and state biodiversity board. The films will be screened at the mini theatre of the student's centre. About 40 short films and documentaries based on issues like illegal sand mining, deforestation, water contamination, water exploitation and threats to the environment will be screened. Documentaries produced by the state biodiversity board, forest, environment departments and information and public relation department will also be screened. The festival will feature the films like Shelter directed by Madhu Kayalod, Boomerang directed by Sathyadas Kilimanoor, Crying Birds directed by Abdul Azeez and Back to nature directed by Hiran Babu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14328776", "title": "Three die in accident on Alandi Road", "text": "PUNE: A civil contractor, his son and sister-in-law died after their motorcycle came under the wheels of a dumper near Ambedkar society at Phulenagar, Alandi Road, on Thursday evening.The deceased, Shankar Lokesh Ramavat (35), his sister-in-law Sona Puriya Mudavat (14) and Karan (6), were residents of Sanjay Gandhi Vasahat, Laman Tanda in Pashan. Shankar originally hails from Gulbarga district in Karnataka.Police said that Shankar tried to overtake a dumper while taking a turn towards Chandrama chowk in Ambedkar society. The dumper driver lost control in the process and knocked down the two-wheeler. Jyoti Mahajan, an eyewitness, also said that the motorcyclist had tried to get ahead of the dumper.Shankar worked as a contractor at a construction site in Chandanagar. His wife had died sometime back. He got remarried last Sunday.A relative present at the Sassoon general hospital said that Shankar was taking Karan to his construction site because his wife was away and there was no one to take care of the boy.Construction site administrator Christopher D'mello, who was present at the hospital, said that Shankar was going to his in-laws's place when the accident happened.\"We came to know about the mishap after a passer-by called up our construction site using Shankar's visiting card,\" said D'mello.The hospital medical officer said that deaths occurred due to multiple injuries. The Vishrantwadi police have arrested dumper driver Raju Munshi Shaikh (21) of Beed, under relevant sections of the Indian Penal Code. Inspector (crime) P B Gofane is investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14326529", "title": "Mahi rescue operation: Borewell accident was waiting to happen", "text": "GURGAON: The unfortunate incident of four-year-old Mahi Upadhayay falling into an abandoned illegal borewell pit puts paid to the tall claims by the district administration of keeping tabs on illegal boring activities.The administration, which had said committees were formed for the purpose, claimed to haved curbed the menace despite reports from CGWA that the district falls in the grey area.There is no check despite various \"attempts\" to implement the relevant law by the deputy commissioner's office. Various committees formed by deputy commissioner P C Meena have barely managed to achieve any targets.On Thursday, Meena, who was coordinating the rescue effort, said, \"Teams have sealed and dismantled approximately 500 illegal borewells. This particular abandoned borewell is sheer negligence on part of the land owner and he has been booked for violation. Unfortunately, nobody from the neighbourhood called the police on 100 and the area is located in the interior part of Kasan village. Although we issue strict directions to local SHOs and teams to be more vigilant regarding illegal boring we will take strict action in cases of abandoned borewells which are not properly covered,\" said Meena. The DC has also ordered a magistrate's inquiry into the incident.Army engineers under the leadership of Lt-Col Avinash Tyagi were part of the rescue operation. Two other such abandoned borewells were found in the 30-metre area where Mahi was trapped. According to sources, there have been occasions when district committee members/teams visit spots and seal borewells without initiating action against defaulters, encouraging them to either get these de-sealed or dig a new one nearby.More such incidents might be waiting to happen with barely any data on abandoned and illegal borewells in the district available with the administration.Also, the incident in Khoh village near Manesar could have been averted if there was little precaution taken at the site. The pit was dug up illegally for a boring well but since there was no water available even as deep as 70 feet, the pit was abandoned for digging a fresh one.This pit was covered casually with a boulder but the owner or tenants never made an attempt to fill it. On Wednesday night, Nitin Upadhayay had made arrangements for a small function to celebrate Mahi's fourth birthday.According to neighbours, a tempo carrying speakers for the DJ system got stuck near the entrance as its tyre got caught in the boulder. In a bid to manoeuvre the vehicle, the boulder was removed and never put back in place, said eyewitnesses.The owner of this building, Rohtash Tayal, is a resident of Najafgarh. He had asked for digging of this borewell recently but the pit (dug just at the entrance to the building) had to be abandoned when they could not reach groundwater.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14328670", "title": "Ex-BSP functionary held for duping business partner", "text": "LUCKNOW: The police on Thursday arrested Shiv Kumar Gupta, who had minister of state rank in the previous Bahujan Samaj Party government, for allegedly duping his partner of crores of rupees by selling off joint property without bringing the same to the knowledge of the complainant.Uttam Agrawal had lodged a complaint with Madiaon police last year claiming that his partner Shiv Kumar Gupta had broken the partnership by fraudulent means, created a bogus firm and sold shops and houses thus duping him of crore of rupees.The investigation was later handed over to Gudamba police. As per Uttam, he and Gupta had a builder agreement of plot number CP-63, sector E, Ashish Palace at Engineering College in 2001. As per the agreement, Gupta had ownership of the plot while the cost of the construction was to be borne by Uttam.The registered agreement of the same was done on a registered firm Apurva Construction.Agrawal, investigation revealed, got the construction started on scheduled time and even got collected the construction material required in future.However, once the construction started, Gupta fraudulently declared that Uttam had fudged up Apurva Construction documents and formed a new firm. It was through this firm that Gupta sold shops and flats and pocketed all the profit said to be in crores. Gudamba police found that Uttam's charges were true and arrested Gupta from Tedhipuliya Crossing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14326562", "title": "Power cuts: Malls pay through the nose", "text": "GURGAON: The ongoing power crisis has dimmed the glitzy malls in Gurgaon this summer. On an average, each mall management is shelling out over Rs 70,000 in buying diesel to keep the show on.Many of the mall managers admit that the power shortage this year had hurt them the most. J K Gupta, senior executive of Sahara Mall, said \"On an average, the power cut lasts for six to eight hours, during which a lot of diesel is used in generators.\"The power back-up of the DG sets is to ensure uninterrupted power supply to the mall. But due to long power cuts the back-up arrangement has become the only source of electricity for the entire building. The daily diesel consumption has gone up drastically and the management spent over Rs 75,000 every day because of power cuts.According to Vijay Sinha, a unit administration head of a shop at MGF Metropolitan, the cost of extra diesel is borne by the shop owners and as the malls have more than 100 shops, the consumption of diesel is immense. \"Besides our rent, we also have to pay maintenance charges for the diesel sets,\" said Devinder Diama, manager of a departmental store in SRS mall.Power cuts have forced residents to spend the daytime at the malls, where they can at least have one meal without sweating. Pooja Bhattacharya, a resident of Sector 56, said \"On my day offs, I spent most of my time inside the malls. Even when there is electricity in the house, we have to face power fluctuation.\"C V Rao, head of Gurgaon Central mall, said \"Customers are our first priority. We attempt to make their experience as comfortable as possible, which entails cool environment. In the last 10 days, we have faced a lot of power cuts but when compared to other states such as Uttar Pradesh, our situation is better.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14330280", "title": "Pipili 'rape' points to pitiable state of women", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Just when Odisha was in a festive mood on Thursday, the SCB Medical College and Hospital announced the death of Babina Behera, drawing curtains on the suffering of the 19-year old dalit girl from Pipli. She endured her suffering silently for nearly seven months since she was allegedly subjected to rape and then attempts of murder through strangulation.The crime against Babina was said to be linked to her being the key witness in a molestation case involving her next-door friend, who later committed suicide, in the village. The miscreants reportedly wanted to silence Babina once and for all. They succeeded to a large extent as the teenager till her death remained in a coma, but the incident brought to the fore the degree of helplessness people not close to the corridors of power can pass through.The follow-up developments like police refusing to accept the FIR, hospitals not showing much interest in her treatment, doctors administering snake bite medicines, reported attempts of shielding the criminals and threats to her family and attempts to tarnish her image ostensibly to defend the crime are cited as pointers to the pitiable state of affairs of women victims in the state.The Pipli incident would have perhaps melted into thin air like many others, but for some civil society activists who took up the case for justice leading to intense public outcry, which was never seen since the sensational Anjana Mishra gang rape incident in early 1999.The ensuing protests shook the government. Agriculture minister and local BJD MLA Pradeep Maharathy was forced to resign, while the beleaguered government announced a judicial inquiry. The SCB Medical College, which once discharged the girl even when she was battling for life, had to readmit her for treatment, thanks to the intervention of the high court. The inspector in-charge of Pipli police station, Amulya Champatiray, was first suspended and then dismissed. The district SP, A N Sinha, was transferred as the government handed over the investigation to the Crime Branch.The Babina episode also caught the attention of the National Commission for Scheduled Caste (NCSC), which visited the state and recommended Maharathy's arrest. As the probe progressed, the Crime Branch filed chargesheets implicating the superintendent of the SCB Medical College and Hospital and two doctors of the Capital Hospital here.No sooner the SCB made public Babina's death, chief minister Naveen Patnaik announced Rs 10 lakh compensation to her family. The Cuttack collector rushed to the hospital to hand over the cheque even while the family members were still undecided where to take the body for cremation. \"I have lost my daughter. I hope justice will be done to her. Let the case be handed over to the CBI for investigation,\" Babina's father Babuli Behera said.In Bhubaneswar, several political parties and Odisha Gana Samaj, the organization floated recently comprising people from all walks of life and political parties, demanded justice for the girl and staged a road blockade at Master Canteen square. They echoed the demand for CBI inquiry and Rs 50 lakh compensation to the families of Babina and her deceased friend. The protesters also demanded murder charges against all the accused. The Bhubaneswar police sensing trouble refused to allow the vehicle carrying the girl's body into central areas of the city and diverted it to her village near Pipli for cremation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14329335", "title": "Lord Jagannath Yatra passes off peacefully", "text": "VADODARA: Police heaved a sigh of relief after Lord Jagannath Yatra passed off peacefully in the city on Friday. Policemen had kept tight security for the Rath Yatra that passes from some sensitive old city areas. Additional security forces were brought in from other cities to ensure that the yatra doesn't witness any untoward incident.Interestingly, the yatra finished much early than expected. It began at 2.30 pm in Sayajigunj and then headed towards Kalaghoda Circle. The chariot moved speedily as the policemen ensured that it doesn't stop for longer time at many place. Hundreds of devotees turned up to catch a glimpse of Lord Jagannath in the city.However, the crowd seemed far less compared to last year when the cops had a tough time handling the devotees. \"The yatra passed off peacefully through all the areas. It was over by 6.15,\" said police. Devotees had expected mild showers during the yatra as the weather was cloudy on Thursday morning. However, it only got hotter by afternoon and people had tough time in the heat. Many were seen gulping down buttermilk and water that was being distributed at roadside stalls.An additional commissioner of police, three deputy commissioners of police, five assistant police commissioners, 26 police inspectors, 135 police sub-inspectors and 1,600 constables along with female constables were pressed into service on Thursday. The city police also brought in additional force including two DySPs, five police inspectors, one company of rapid action force, four SRP companies and 500 home-guards. Over 29 CCTVs monitored the yatra route apart from 11 additional CCTVs installed by the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14327018", "title": "ISCKON organises Jagannath rath yatra", "text": "PATNA: International Society for Krishna Consciousness (ISKCON) took out Lord Jagannath Rath Yatra in the state capital on Thursday. Seated on a 40-feet-high rath, the idols of Lord Jagannath, Baldeo and Devi Subhadra attracted the attention of the people, who showered flowers on them. The yatra was escorted by camels, elephants and horses along with band parties.The chants of 'Jai Jagannath', 'Jai Baldeo', and 'Jai Subhadra' rent the air. People gathered in large numbers to pay obeisance to the deities and receive 'mahaprasad'. They also offered 'aarti' to the deities at various stops of the yatra.Earlier, ISKCON's regional secretary Acharya Mahavishnu Swamiji Maharaj, who came from London , road construction minister Nandkishore Yadav and water resources department minister Vijay Kumar Choudhary flagged off the yatra. Several prominent personalities were also present on the occasion. ISKCON Patna president Krishna Kripa Dasji said the rath yatra is held annually for over 5000 years since the time of Lord Krishna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14335931", "title": "Allu Arjun to team up with Rajesh", "text": "Tollywood Stylish star Allu Arjun is all set to make his foray into the Kollywood. The young actor seems to be bitten by Kollywood bug and is keen on making his debut in Tamil industry.The star who recently watched M.Rajesh's comedy flick Oru Kal Oru Kannad i seems to have thoroughly enjoyed it and is showing interest in teaming with M.Rajesh to launch his debut vehicle in Tamil. Heeding to Allu Arjun's desire, Rajesh has given his nod and is working on a script to fit in Allu Arjun. The untitled movie will be a bilingual and will take off once the duo complete their current projects. Allu Arjun has Yevadu and Lover in his kitty with Julayi awaiting release and Director Rajesh has All in All Azhagu Raja with Karthi in the lead.Source: cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "14331079", "title": "Residential school for child labourers", "text": "HUBLI: A residential school to provide education to children rescued from child labour was inaugurated at R C Colony on Gadag road in Hubli recently.The inauguration function was organized jointly by Shanti Pragati Kendra, a social development centre, national state child labor project and the state child labour eradication project, Dharwad. Usha said nearly 11 crore children are working in many sectors in the country.There is a need to identify such children and provide education to bring them to the mainstream of the society, District Child Protection Officer Usha, who inaugurated the programme, said.To join the school, contact sister Irene D'Silva. Ph: 9480434321.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14327706", "title": "Merchant convicted for 'cheating' Tirumala Tirupati Devastanams", "text": "HYDERABAD: A merchant was sentenced to one year imprisonment by a local court in Chittoor district, for allegedly cheating Tirumala Tirupati Devastanams (TTD) by supplying Bengal gram with fake Agmark label.CID officials said that Kotakonda Krishnaiah, proprietor of Srinivasa traders, KV Palle, Chittoor district, entered into an agreement with TTD for supplying 9,000 quintals of red gram at Rs 1,675 per quintal with Agmark.However, Krishnaiah allegedly cheated TTD by supplying Bengal gram which did not have Agmark label. He was convicted under Sections 120b (criminal conspiracy), 420 (cheating), 468 (forgery for purpose of cheating), 471 (using as genuine a forged document). tnnCourt directed Krishnaiah to undergo rigorous imprisonment for a period of one year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14330939", "title": "US deputy secretary Thomas R Nides to travel to Mumbai this week", "text": "WASHINGTON: A top American diplomat is travelling to India this week to focus on bilateral trade and economic relationship, the State Department said here.During his Mumbai visit from June 22 to 24, the deputy secretary of states Thomas R Nides will focus on bilateral and regional economic cooperation.\"Nides will meet with the US-India Importers Council, to discuss bilateral trade and expanding opportunities for small and medium size enterprises, as well as hold a round table with Indian business reporters,\" the State Department said yesterday.He will also tour the new US Consulate General in Mumbai and hold internal meetings, the statement said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14330724", "title": "Man booked for killing \u2018addict\u2019 son", "text": "LUDHIANA: Police on Wednesday booked a man for conspiring and killing his 23-year-old son on the outskirts of Ludhiana with the help of four others. The crime was committed on June 12 and the accused, who are absconding, also cremated the deceased and organized a \"bhog\" in his name. Varinder was reportedly a drug addict and had strained relations with his father.The other accused were identified as Davinder Singh , Harpreet Singh , Pargat Singh and Bhupinder Singh.Police said the deceased went missing from his home some weeks ago and his father Harjinder Singh told neighbours that he was admitted in a hospital in Ludhiana. After some days he told everyone that his son had died and organized a \"bhog\". But some neighbours grew suspicious and reported it to the police.CIA-1 in charge Harpal Singh said investigation revealed that Harjinder also used to abuse and sell drugs. \"The deceased used to threaten his father saying he would report him to the police and extract money to buy drugs. This caused tension among them,\" said Harpal. He added that after murdering Varinder, the accused took his body to a relative's house in Dholewal area and cremated him there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "14329780", "title": "Pipili 'rape' victim dies in Cuttack hospital", "text": "CUTTACK: After spending six months in a semi-coma in the ICU of SCB Medical College and Hospital, the alleged Pipili gang rape victim died on Thursday. The 19-year-old was in a very critical condition since the last few days and breathed her last around 11.15 am.\"Condition of the victim was quite critical since the past three days as she was suffering from acute septicemia. Her condition deteriorated further on Thursday. She developed cardiac problems and died of cardiac arrest around 11.15 am,\" said Dr B N Moharana, emergency officer of SCB.The victim was on a life support system since March 19 as she was unable to breathe on her own, he said. The body was handed over to the girl's family members around 5.30 pm after post-mortem.As the news of the girl's death spread, people from all sections of the society thronged the hospital. Politicians, social workers, women rights activist and college students poured into the hospital to catch a last glimpse of the victim. They all demanded justice for the victim.A crime branch team also arrived at the hospital to keep a watchful eye on the events. The teenaged dalit girl was allegedly gang raped on November 29, 2011, for being a court witness in a molestation case. Attempt was also made to kill her by strangulation and since then she was in a semi-coma state .After high court's intervention, the victim was admitted to SCB hospital on January 11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14329963", "title": "Students make a beeline for Cotton College", "text": "GUWAHATI: About 5000 forms for admission to Cotton College at the degree level have been sold so far. This number is set to increase in the next couple of days.The 112-year-old educational institution is gearing up for its admission process, which is set to commence within the second week of July. The number of forms sold till now, according to some college loyalists, is a befitting response to all critics, who feel the premiere educational institution has lost its sheen and glory.On Thursday, hordes of students queued up I front of the respective counters to submit their forms. Till Thursday noon, about 5132 forms were sold (2384 forms for TDC arts and 2748 TDC science). The number is set to rise further in the coming days as June 25 is the last day of submission of forms.\"We have crossed the 5000 mark, both in arts and science stream. The number is set to increase in the coming days,\" said an employee handling forms at the counter.Added Nirada Devi, \"The demand for Cotton College will always be there. Personally, I wish not to comment on critics, who had commented on the college's HS results. It should be noted that results may vary from time to time. Since the college is known for its educational excellence, demand will always be there. We wish to keep up this reputation.\"Similarly, Pranab Kumar Das, a septuagenarian who was a former student and a member of the students' union body in the Fifties, said, \"The results may vary from time to time. This doesn't mean that Cotton has lost its sheen or glory. It is quite frivolous to criticize the premiere institute on the grounds of anticipated results.\"A group of students, who were queuing up at the counter, said, \"We don't know whether we will get admission as we have secured close to 70 per cent. We are keeping our fingers crossed. We have learnt that the college will resort to index-ratio method, while deciding the cut-off rate. Let's see what happens.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14333085", "title": "Mumbai: Law students to study Mantralaya departments", "text": "MUMBAI: Ten students from KC Law College, Churchgate, have started a month long survey on several departments at the Mantralaya. After seeking permissions from the Chief Minister these law students have started studying the functioning of each department from June second week.The objective as stated by the college is to study working of various departments of the government by personal and questionnaire method, distribution of portfolio and allocation of work amongst staff, workload, staffing pattern and manpower budgeting, decision making procedure, frequency of decision making, disposal of files etc, e-governance. Application of computer technology in the departments, grievance redressal mechanism, welfare scheme for staff, staff training programmes, and also to analyse funds received and utilised among other objectives.The project is undertaken under the Ashok Yende, principal of the college to conduct socio-legal survey Yende wrote to the CM and the state's chief secretary and sought permission for conducting this survey vide. The permission was granted on May 8. \"We have met officials and submitted them the list of departments and the students who will be participating in the survey. We have been given assurances that their team will co-operate,\" said Yende.Students will submit their report card after two months, but not without considering the bureaucrats' limitations. Some of the major departments will be surveyed including the home, urban development, higher and technical education departments, law and judiciary, revenue and forest department, medical education department, public works department, etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14329397", "title": "Rail Board empathizes with overworked loco drivers", "text": "NEW DELHI: Railways has finally woken up to the miseries of locomotive pilots, who are being subjected to long night shifts and inhuman duty hours, but stopped short of taking concrete steps in making amendment in rulebook.Though the Railway Board agreed to adopt a slew of measures to give relief to the drivers at a meeting after TOI highlighted the issue, its letter to zonal managers termed the pilots' demands for better working conditions as \"good suggestions\".In the meeting, senior rail officials suggested that crew roster must not factor more than two-three continuous night duties. Also, efforts should be made to ensure that the driver is not made to work for more than six hours between 10pm and 6am.Besides, loco pilots will get a calendar day rest instead of existing 22/30 hours of breather, which will help them to fulfill family and social obligations.Now, there is no upper limit in the rulebook on the number of night duties to be done by the engine crew. And, there are several drivers, who are doing 15 consecutive night shifts. The weekly rest provisions are vague since it stipulates giving drivers a 30-hour rest four times or 22-hour rest five times in a calendar month. Intriguingly, the provisions are silent on the gap between the two rests.The minutes of the meeting says, \"Long hours of crew should be minimized by providing relief. Railway should make arrangements for hiring road vehicles to ensure the above.\"It suggested that the state of mind of a driver needs to be checked if there has been an accident or the person is joining work after a long period of absence. If any doubt arises, the driver's name should not figure in the duty roster for superfast trains.It was also suggested to make the drivers' cabin in the engine air conditioned and soundproof and their seats in the engine be made more comfortable along with back rest and subsidized meal be provided.Cabins should be provided with speed recorders that will keep crew vigilant and use of breathalyzer be made compulsory. \"We demand railways to make changes in rule books to ensure loco-drivers are not subjected to pathetic working condition in which they are today,\" said Sanjay Pandhi of Indian Railway Loco Running Men Organization, adding that only giving suggestions is not going to make any tangible change.Faced with a severe staff shortage, coupled with the fact that most trains run during night, railways is being forced to put most of its drivers on night duty for long periods. \"This is the reason why railways don't want to amend rulebook,\" said a union leader, adding that there is 20% vacancy of the 82,000 sanctioned posts for loco drivers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14327734", "title": "Oldest owl in city zoo dies", "text": "HYDERABAD: The oldest owl at the Nehru Zoological Park died on Thursday. The Mottled Wood Owl lived 27 years and was one of the oldest inhabitants of the zoo. The male owl was with the zoo park from 1987 when the nocturnal animal house was launched.While the normal lifespan of an owl in the wild is around 16 years, animals and birds in captivity are said to live longer.On Thursday morning, the animal keepers at the zoo found the owl looking dull and sick in its enclosure in the nocturnal house and subsequently shifted him to a separate enclosure for treatment. But it collapsed within a few minutes and breathed its last. Another female Mottled Wood Owl, which is about two years younger than its male counterpart, is the lone representative of this species in the zoo park. The nocturnal enclosure remains open through the day and is considered popular among visitors. The Mottled Wood Owl, which is among the four species of owl that are currently a part of the zoo's collection, is found in gardens and thin deciduous forests adjacent to dry thorn forests or farmland.\"The owl was fine until yesterday and there was no indication of any health problem. When animals are aged, their end comes quickly. This one was very significant to the zoo as not too many of the species are available. Every species is important for us. But once it has exceeded its lifespan, it's not in our hands,\" said A Shankaran, curator (in charge) of the zoo. He added that they will start scouting for a male species shortly so that the female owl gets a companion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14336413", "title": "Reflections: Dreams are reflected in art", "text": "Four young artists have got together for a group show in the city, showcasing all that they believe inTheir works reflect what they believe in. Four young contemporary artists and sculptors \u2014 Smita Rane, Satish Patil, Usha Thapliyal and Kalipada Purkait \u2014 have come together for a group exhibition titled Reflections, in the city, this week.There are paintings, mixed media works, and bronze, wood, and fibreglass sculptures being showcased.One of the exhibiting artists, Smita Rane uses her sculptures in fiberglass, brass and wood to showcase the emotion that victory brings. It is difficult to illustrate a feeling, but Smita has creatively used the concept in her works.Satish's works are all mixed media on canvas and he narrates his dreams and fantasies of his city \u2014 Mumbai. Beautiful bright colours mark his works and talk about the vivid dimensions of the typical city life. Usha Thapliyal's sculptures in bronze illustrate stories. There is a distinct abandon, a fantastical dreamy quality, in the way the woman stands leaning on a tree, while two birds are perched nearby. The strong personality of the woman and her unmistakable joy in her apparent closeness to nature is depicted beautifully. Usha's work is marked not just by her artistic skill and craftsmanship, but also by the great texture and relevant perspectives.Another participating artist Kalipada Purkait's paintings using mixed media on paper shows his mastery with colour. In his distinct works, the artist creates his own world of people. Using his skills, Kalipada has illustrated the typical country life.The exhibition 'Reflections' is on till 26th June at Jehangir Art Gallery, Kala Ghoda, Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14334770", "title": "Director brothers Shafi and Rafi turn producers", "text": "With audience appreciating the recent flicks that were strongly backed by good scripts, Mollywood directors are currently identifying the increasing potential of the market that has come alive in the recent two years.After Amal Neerad started his own production house followed by Aashiq Abu's Open Your Mouth Productions, two more Mollywood hit filmmakers are set to cash in on the new found potential.The latest production house named Film Folks will have brothers Shafi and Rafi (of Rafi-Mecartin duo) partnering with relatives Hassainar and Shaleel, and have already planned three flicks under the new banner.The first flick will be directed by Shafi and scripted by Kalavoor Ravikumar, and will have Kunchacko Boban, Jayasuriya and Biju Menon in the lead roles. \"It's a humour-based film and is set in backdrop of a mass marriage ceremony,\" says Shafi, who would be returning to his forte of comic movies after the box-office dud Venicile Vyapari .The director also informs that the two other films will be helmed by Rafi and Ordinary director Sugeeth. Good luck film folks!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14330271", "title": "Senior ministers monitored fire rescue operation", "text": "MUMBAI: Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, tribal welfare minister Babanrao Pachpute and chief secretary Jayant Kumar Banthia along with many Indian Administrative Service (IAS) officers and hundreds of Mantralaya employees put up a brave fight to escape leaping flames that gutted a major portion of the state administrative headquarters on Thursday.Pachpute detected sparks allegedly triggered by a short circuit in an urban development department office near his chamber on the fourth floor. The minister claimed that he tried to douse the fire by using a fire-extinguisher . However, the fire spread too quickly. Pachpute then rushed out of his office and walked down the stairs to safety.Pawar, who was set to preside over a meeting in his chamber, was informed about the fire and escorted out of his sixth floor office. He too climbed down the stairs, as the lifts were shut down.After coming down, Pawar monitored rescue operations , and got cars parked in the Mantralaya compound shifted out.\"Pawar worked like a volunteer ,\" said Kshatrapati Shivaji, an IAS official who left his office after news of the fire spread.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, who was in a meeting at the state Sahyadri guesthouse in Malabar Hill arrived at Mantralaya and took stock of the situation. Ministers R R Patil , Sunil Tatkare, Satej Patil also monitored rescue operations. Minister of state for housing Sachin Ahir arrived later and joined in. Governor K Sankaranarayanan visited Mantralaya in the evening and inspected the fire-fighting operations.Rural development minister Jayant Patil, water supply minister Laxman Dhoble, women and child welfare minister Vasrha Gaikwad, fisheries &amp; dairies minister Madhukar Chavan and minister for employment guarantee scheme Nitin Raut who were busy at a meeting wrapped up proceedings and rushed out.Banthia issued orders for the evacuation of the administrative building and instructed employees to go home.Key Mantralaya officials, including Kshatrapati Shivaji and Prajakta Lavangare Verma were among those who hurried out of their offices.Few minutes after the incident , many Mantralaya employees and officers huddled together in the compound and later on the streets, discussing the mishap in stifled tones.Who was thereSome of the VIPs at Mantralaya when the fire broke out on ThursdayDeputy chief minister Ajit Pawar; Home minister R R Patil; Tribal welfare minister Babanrao Pachpute; Water resources minister Sunil Tatkare; Rural development minister J Patil; Fisheries &amp; dairies minister Madhukar Chavan; Water supply minister L Dhoble; Women and child welfare minister Varsha Gaikwad; Minister for employment guarantee scheme Nitin Raut; Chief secretary Jayant Kumar Banthia", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14328826", "title": "Bhalerao, Mohol charged with destroying evidence", "text": "PUNE: The Yerawada police on Thursday invoked charges of destroying evidence against gangster Sharad Mohol and his aide Alok Bhalerao in the murder of alleged Indian Mujahideen operative Qateel Siddiqui.Police said the duo had allegedly used a drawstring from a pair of shorts to strangle Siddiqui inside his compartment at the high security Yerawada Central Jail on June 8.Senior police inspector Kishore Jadhav of the Yerawada police station on Thursday told TOI he has invoked section 201 (destroying evidence) of the Indian Penal Code against Mohol and Bhalerao. He has made an entry in the station diary that they had allegedly destroyed the drawstring after the incident. Jadhav refused to divulge more details as investigations were in a critical stage.Siddiqui was found dead in his 10 ft x 10 ft cubicle in the 'anda' cell. The murder came to light after two other inmates of the cell Akbar Munir Shaikh and Balu Waghire informed jail authorities about the murder at 11 am.A complaint of murder under section 302 read with 34 common intention of the Indian Penal Code was registered by 'anda' cell incharge Chandrakant Tayade against Mohol and Bhalerao.Police officials requesting anonymity said that Mohol had strangled Siddiqui while Bhalerao caught hold of his legs in barrack no. 2 of the 'anda' cell in Yerawada jail.The duo, during custodial interrogation, told the police that Siddiqui was murdered was over a petty dispute. However, a large conspiracy cannot be ruled out, police said.Mohol and Bhalerao were arrested on June 11. A magisterial court in Pune sent them to police custody till June 25. The incident had led to suspension of state prisons department, Pune additional director general of police Prakash Pawar, jail superintendent S V Khatavkar and six jail officials and guards.Home minister R R Patil has asked the state criminal investigation department, Pune to conduct an inquiry into the alleged security lapses at the jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "14334040", "title": "Tibetans in the possession of 866 bigha land in Chauntra registered in the name of a society", "text": "SHIMLA: While people from outside Himachal Pradesh, despite being Indians, cannot buy land in hill state, Tibetans are legally occupying prime chunk of 866 bigha of land in Chauntra town of Mandi district where they have constructed houses, shops and guest houses. This startling fact has come to light after Mandi police arrested eight Taiwanese nationals from a monastery owned by Bo Gangkar Rinpoche recently.The 866 bigha of prime land is in the possession of Tibetans since 1967 and the registration of this land was made in the name of Tibetan Khampa Industrial Society. Mandi police investigating the Taiwanese arrest case has stumbled upon the fact that there is no whereabouts about the members of this society that purchased the land from then King of Mandi Raja Ashok Pal Singh. Suspecting that it might be a case of benami land deal, police has started investigation into the matter. Jogindernagar tehsildar G R Thakur said that verification is on to know about the members of Tibetan Khampa Industrial Society that handed over 866 bigha land to Tibetans is being verified. \"Tibetan Khampa Industrial Society was registered under the societies act in Shimla and after buying the land it gave 20 bigha and 73 bigha lands on lease to Tibetan Children Village through separate lese deeds for 99 years period, while on remaining land Tibetans have constructed houses, shops and guest houses,\" he added.Thakur said at tehsil level they have no information of people who are the members of society owning this prime chunk of land spread between Upper and Lower Chauntra town.Along with Dalai Lama , large number of Tibetans came to India as refugees and they settled at Mcleodganj, Tashi Jong, Bir, Baijnath and Chauntra besides other parts of state. Though Tibetan administration had constructed one room and kitchen shelters at designated settlements but majority are now owning multi story buildings there and in many cases lands have been bought in the name of Himachali residents especially from Kinnaur and Kullu.After finding that Tibetan refugees settled in Himachal Pradesh are expanding their base in villages, towns and cities, by entering into land transactions in complete violation of section 118 of HP Tenancy and land reforms act, one man commission of Justice D P Sood has recommended sound policy guidelines in relation to resettlement of and rehabilitation of Tibetan refugees. Justice (retd) D P Sood in his report has observed, \"they seem to expand in villages, towns and cities, at least, in the state of Himachal Pradesh as is apparent from the transactions of land transferred by the individual Tibetans involved in the cases being considered by this commission as also having already been considered by the collectors of districts throughout the state.\"The report categorically mentions status of Tibetans continues to be that of refugees having no right to purchase land in India. \"Despite, there is specific restriction so imposed by the Himachal Pradesh tenancy and land reforms act, Tibetans are illegally encroaching upon the rule of law which is one of the basic structure of the constitution by entering into benami transaction(s) which ordinarily takes place with the active connivance of local people under the garb of rehabilitation/resettlement policy of the government of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14327391", "title": "Water supply may be hit in Bhopal on June 23, 24", "text": "BHOPAL: Residents of Arera Colony, Nehru Nagar, Char Imli and other parts of the city may have to make arrangements for water this weekend.With the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) shutting down the Kolar pipeline to fix a major leakage in Kolar main gravity pipeline near Shalimar Park near Kolar on Wednesday, nearly 40% of Bhopal may face water crisis this weekend (June 23 and June 24).Water supply in nearly 40% of the city, especially new Bhopal, including Arera Colony, Char Imli, Nehru Nagar, Shivaji Nagar, New Market, Saket Nagar and Shakti Nagar will get affected this weekend.The main feeder pipeline leaked on Wednesday afternoon wasting nearly 48,000 gallon water in 24 hours, BMC officials said. \"There is a three inch leakage in the pipeline,\" they said.\"We have decided to shut the Kolar pipeline this weekend to repair the gravity pipeline,\" BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava said. \"However, there will not be much problem as we have increased intake from the Narmada and we have already filled overhead tanks,\" he added.It is third leakage in the Kolar pipeline in last six months, said a source. The BMC is in no mood to replace 30.3 km long pipeline extending from Khiri Hills near Kolar to New Market, an engineer from the water department said.\"As of now, the BMC has no plan to replace the 22-year-old pipeline,\" said an engineer in the water works department. \"It was to be replaced under the Kolar Avardan Yojana, but it could not be replaced due to technical reasons,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14328368", "title": "Heritage home an epitome of backwardness", "text": "LUCKNOW: An old dilapidated gate on the main chowk square looks over a mesh of narrow lanes and by-lanes dotted with shops selling chikan. A bunch of youth cheerfully discuss something very close to their heart even as ignorant passers-by walk away briskly. A few meters away, a famous lassi shop is flooded with people on a hot summer evening. Few others troop into a temple that is situated across the road.Welcome to the walled city Lucknow where lies its soul. This is the area where rest its precious heritage and tehzeeb. The area falls under zone-6 which comprises 20 wards, most of which, ironically, have been left to utter neglect. Even the basic amenities such as drinking water and power has been a complete casualty. The people's aspirations have been shattered over years. But we have no option but to vote for someone, who, we know would eventually do nothing,'' said Amit Chaurasia, a government teacher and a resident of Chowk.The famous locality comes under Chowk-Kaliji ward which has been facing a host of problems, the biggest being cleanliness and disposal of municipal garbage. Corporator, Ramesh Kapoor, however, claims that the problem is because of the shortage of municipal staff. Only one-third of the requisite strength of safai-karamcharis is present in the ward,'' he said. Not surprisingly, incidents of disease outbreak often haunt this locality.At the same time, scarcity of water and power also marks the profile of the ward which has a strong presence of Muslims, a key vote bank which almost all political parties eye, especially at the time of elections.The ward is adjacent to the Hussainabad ward which is house to world-famous historical buildings like Bara Imambara and Roomi Darwaza. The area has seen an utter neglect for the past many years and the people blame municipal authorities for this. The outgoing corporator Faisal Ali Khan, interestingly, happens to be from the Samajwadi Party. Resident say this could be the reason for the apathy and the party had no majority in the house.Around five kilometer away one comes across a herbal mandi, which is often described as India's biggest such market. Situated in Saadatganj ward, the market, like all other localities in the ward hardly gets enough attention. Ward corporator Kanti Devi claims that a huge chunk of backward localities are part of the ward. This further lowers its profile,'' she says. Having contested as a Congress candidate last municipal elections, Kanti, this time, was denied a ticket. So, she will try her luck as an independent candidate.So is the case with Garhi Pir Khan ward in the zone which is a picture of gross municipal apathy. Poor condition of roads, inadequate drinking water and power is what describes the area. Corporator, Nafisa Bano, however, claims that she managed to pressurize authorities to consider developing the ward in whatever possible means. Before Bano it was her husband Imtiaz Ali 'Babloo' who was the corporator. Babloo, who is in fray once again after the seat got unreserved from OBC (woman) status, said that he would try to improve the situation of the ward further.Politically, the zone has been crucial for Samajwadi Party and the Bharatiya Janta Party (BJP) which had won seven wards each in the zone. Congress did not fare well, winning only two wards in the previous municipal elections. This time, however, with SP not contesting the elections the battle will essentially be between Congress and the BJP .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "14328241", "title": "No complaint in parlour case: Ponda cops", "text": "PONDA: Ponda police have said that there was no complaint lodged until Thursday afternoon with regard to a video clip showing the owner of a Ponda ice cream parlour urinating into a juice jar.Ponda Dy SP, Dinraj Govekar, said he came to know about the incident after watching the footage on local cable TV. \"The news report has quoted food and drug administration officials about their action of shutting the premises for unhygienic conditions. But, there was no complaint against the parlour owner,\" Govekar said.Ponda health officer Dr Nutan Dev said she did not receive any complaint regarding unsanitary practices in the parlour, \"Responding to media reports, I sent sanitary inspector Manoj Naik to inspect the place, but it was closed,\" Dev said. The footage was shot by someone with a cellphone camera.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14326725", "title": "MNS workers gherao additional civic chief", "text": "MUMBAI: MNS corporators gheraoed additional municipal commissioner Mohan Adtani on Thursday over allegations that stationery for civic schools had been purchased at an inflated cost. MNS corporator Sandeep Deshpande had alleged that the BMC, ruled by the Shiv Sena-BJP combine, had allowed contractors to buy stationery at a rate higher than the retail price in the market.The BMC's standing committee had passed tenders worth Rs 181 crore for buying 26 items to be distributed in civic schools. Following the allegations, the BMC had ordered a probe into the issue. But on Thursday, Adtani announced that the work order for distributing items at the current rate will be given on Monday.Furious MNS corporators then gheraoed Adtani at the mayor's cabin for over an hour. MNS corporators will meet Adtani over this issue on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14329510", "title": "Skyrocketing gold prices affect sales on Gurupushya", "text": "PUNE: The surging price of gold seems to have deterred buyers and investors from buying the yellow metal, even on the auspicious day of Gurupushya Nakshatra, which fell on Thursday. With the price reaching an all-time-high of Rs 30,400 per ten gram, city-based jewellers quoted a 10-25% decrease in sales as compared to the same period last year. They added that the daily sales of gold too have witnessed a 15-30% decrease.Gurupushya Nakshatra is considered the most auspicious day to make valuable investments and gold purchases.City jeweller Shailesh Ranka said that demand for gold increased on Thursday owing to Gurupushya, but the everyday sales of the metal have decreased.Fatehchand Ranka, president of the Maharashtra State Jewellers Federation and Pune Saraf Association, quoted a 10% decrease in sales of gold this Gurupushya as compared to last year, when the price of gold was around Rs 28,000 per ten gram. \"Gold price reached the Rs 30,400 per-ten-gram-mark five days ago. Due to the fluctuating price, people have curbed investing on the metal. We have seen a 20-25% decrease in gold investments,\" he said.Jeweller Nitin Ashtekar, secretary, Maharashtra State Jewellers Federation, agreed that sales of gold on Thursday were lesser than last year's Gurupushya. \"The sales picked up on Thursday morning, but plummeted during the course of the day. Business has been slack generally, with only a few investing in the yellow metal. Many are waiting for a correction in price, but we think that the rate will increase further,\" said Ashtekar.Rajesh Gupta, business head, at another jewellry store, said that sales of gold have decreased in terms of quantity or weight. \"There seems to be a 30% fall in the over-all sale of gold. People are not buying like before. Sale of gold used as an investment has gone down by 10-12% since January this year,\" said Gupta.\"Turnover for jewellers has decreased, but not in consonance with the decreasing sales. Turnover has gone down by 20-25% in comparison to the same period last year,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14327558", "title": "12-year-old girl buried alive", "text": "KANPUR: A 12-year-old girl, was buried alive after a mound of mud fell on her under the Akbarpur police station in Ramabainagar district on Thursday. The incident occurred at the Naharpur village in the Akbarpur area, where a girl identified as Shanu, daughter of Suresh Chandra, was digging mud for construction purposes. The rescue operation started when few locals alerted the victim's kin and other villagers about the incident.They immediately rushed to the site and rushed Shanu to the nearby hospital in the area. She was declared brought dead upon arrival by the doctors. \"The girl, Shanu was digging mud for construction purposes when suddenly a mound of earth caved-in and she was trapped under the heap,\" said, additional superintendent of Police. After getting the information, local police officials reached the site and took note of the situation.The victim was a student of class V at a basic primary school in the village. The body was handed over to the kin after a 'panchnama', the police said. Teenaged girl commits suicide: A 15-year-old girl committed suicide by consuming poison on Wednesday.Gunjan, daughter of Devi Prasad, a resident of Sunder Nagar in S-1 block of Panki was a High School drop-out.According to police, on Wednesday evening, Gunjan went inside her room and consumed poison. The girl was rushed to a hospital, where she died at night. The reason of the suicide could not be ascertained.Arrested: The police arrested a man identified as Krishna Mohan of Haraiyya Basti and recovered a countrymade pistol and cartridges from his possession on Thursday. He was booked under Arms Act and sent to jail.Elsewhere, the police arrested eight persons, who were found to be involved in gambling in the Khalasi Line area in Gwaltoli on Thursday.The arrested persons were identified as Vijay Kumar, Ravi Kumar, Rahul Nishad, Anurag, Ashish, Rohit Kumar, Adarsh Sonker and Aman Kumar. They were sent to jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14329461", "title": "Criminals dread the scent of a woman", "text": "KOCHI: From the controversial shooting incident involving Italian navy marines to the macabre murder of T P Chandrasekharan, it is a team of women forensic experts who are at the heart of the investigations. It may seem like male territory, but 14 of the 28 senior officials employed by the Forensic Science Laboratory (FSL) in the state are women. Talk of breaking the glass ceiling.Molly George, an assistant director with FSL, said the number of women candidates taking up postings in FSL has increased in the past couple of years. \"Women have started to opt for this job because of the thrill in being a forensic expert and the challenges faced in each assignment. The profession is quite different and each assignment is exciting,\" she added.According to the state police department, women officials in the forensics division come mostly from science streams such as physics, chemistry, biology and serology and are trained in ballistics, finger printing and other essentials of crime scene investigation.\"More women are coming forward to take up a career in forensics which is an effective tool in crime investigation and helps in proper dispensation of justice,\" said a senior officer at FSL.Recruitment to FSL is conducted by the state Public Service Commission . Candidates who have post-graduate degrees in science streams can apply for the post of scientific assistant in the department.\"The job at FSL is challenging. Only people with passion for forensic investigation should take up this profession. We feel happy when we come out with results that help the police to complete investigation in a case,\" said assistant director (ballistics) N G Nisha, who played a vital role in identifying the weapons used by Italian marines who allegedly shot down two Indian fishermen off the Kerala coast on February 15 this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14326778", "title": "Jaskaran hits consecutive double century", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The searing heat of June forces the veterans of cricket to throw their wickets away, relax in the plush dressing room and enjoy the affair with somnolent eyes. But Jaskaran Singh is, in fact, reveling in the scorching heat.The Chandigarh skipper piled up his second consecutive double ton against Mohali on the second day of Punjab inter-district league match for the Dhruv Pandove Trophy (U-19) on Thursday. His marathon innings may or may not be a rare feat but it has very few parallels in junior domestic cricket.Batting first, the gritty Sikh scored 205 runs in just 147 balls with the help of 22 boundaries and five sixes on Day One and then came out to keep wickets for the remaining part of the day. The 18-year-old's marathon innings ensured that Chandigarh won the match.On Wednesday, in the second league match against the same opponents, he again opened the innings and hit 201 runs off 138 balls at break-neck strike rate of 145.65. This time his innings was embellished with 16 rousing boundaries and a dozen sixes.\"The heat was bad but I was concentrating on my batting and did not feel it too much. Yesterday was a bit easy but today once I crossed the 100-mark I was determined to get the second double ton,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14327491", "title": "Lord Jagannath rath taken out amid religious fervour", "text": "KANPUR: The two-day fair to mark annual Jagannath Rathyatra festival, began in the city on Thursday. Thousands of devotees chanted bhajans, took out the holy chariot of Lord Jagannath from a temple in Generalganj in the evening. The fair will continue on Friday.Devotees and the priests rolled out the chariot which had images of Lord Jagannath, Balabhadra and Subhdra. Beautifully decorated gods in the colourful chariot were attracting passers-by.The chariot procession passed through various localities like Kahu Kothi, Nayaganj, Marwadi College, Canal Patri and nearby areas amid throwing of dry colours.The chariot of Lord Jaggnath ended at Hoolaganj after brief halts at different places.A large number of women and children also pull the rath. They played dandiya to mark the celebrations.'Prasad' was distributed at several places. Locals showered rose petals from their balconies on the holy Rath. The devotees danced to the tunes of the bhajans and performed puja.The joy and religious merriment continued till late at night. Temporary shops had come up and it gave a view of a grand Mela.'Lord Jagannath Rath Yatra' or chariot procession is taken out on the second day of Shukla Paksha in the month of 'Asadh'. The images of Lord Jagannath, Lord Balabhadra, Devi Subhadra and Sudarshana are taken out in a processions on three chariots.\"Lord Jagannath is believed to be an avatar of Lord Vishnu. The Rath Yatra is a great festival because of its ability to unite people. All people, rich and poor, equally enjoy the fairs,\" said a devotee pulling the rath.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14333488", "title": "Prabhu Deva unmoved by Nayan\u2019s tattoo allegations", "text": "While the entire media is going gungo-ho after spotting Nayanathara's tattoo boasting Prabhu Deva's name, he remains passive about the much-hyped relationship. But finally, the choreographer-actor-director Prabhu Deva speaks about Nayanathara, and going by his version, yes , he certainly moved on.It all started when the media spotted the tattoo on Nayan''s hand and everyone started murmuring that Nayan's is reconsidering Prabhu Deva. Despite their beak-up, Nayantara for some reason still happens to have Prabhu's name tattooed on her hand. And while Nayan was washing dirty linen in public, Prabhu was keeping mum but not anymore as he finally spills the beans.Prabhu Deva's version clearly implies that Nayanatara is a closed episode in his chapter. He wanted to speak about the splits Ville but refrained and he finally says that he has faith in God and he'll guide him.Nayanathara and Prabhu Deva were in a relationship for nearly three years and Prabhu also issued a press release that he's going to wed the sexy siren. However, the couple split up just months before their wedding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14328977", "title": "Teen driver kills 7-year-old", "text": "NEW DELHI: A seven-year-old girl died after being hit by a car in southeast Delhi's Saurav Vihar area on Thursday. The car was being driver by a teenager. Two of the girl's friends were injured in the accident.Cops said the incident took place around 6pm on Wednesday when the 14-year-old boy pressed the accelerator while reversing his uncle's car. The deceased has been identified as Ria alias Munni (7). Her friends are undergoing treatment.According to the girl's family, Ria had gone for her tuition classes along with five other children from the locality. \"The boy's friend managed to get hold of the car's keys and invited the 14-year-old for a ride. The girls were standing barely 150m away. By the time the boys got there, they had rammed the car into a divider, causing minor damages to the vehicle,\" said an officer.Ria's father Jaiprakash said his daughter and her friends chuckled when they saw the boys hit the divider. \"The boy got embarrassed and tried to reverse the car. By mistake, he stepped on the accelerator. The car gained speed and crushed the three children against a wall. The girl's abdominal portion was crushed, said a family member. Three other children managed to escape unhurt.\"The child was produced before a juvenile court and handed over to his father. The owner of the car has between challaned Rs 1,000 for letting a minor drive the car under the Motor Vehicles Act,'' said an investigating officer.The law says that no minor can be arrested for a crime which has no more than seven years of maximum imprisonment, he said.\"Traffic cops take action against parents whenever they come across cases of minors driving,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic), Satyendra Garg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14328822", "title": "Youth murdered, no clue about murderer or motive", "text": "NAGPUR: Prabha Ingoley, in her fifties, appears immune to tragedies, with her eyes rarely moistening as she narrated life's raw deal meted out to her.She had lost her husband in 2007, and her three sons too died recently, with the youngest Ashish being murdered by an unidentified person in the early hours of Thursday, a stone's throw from their house at Rashtrasant Tukdoji Maharaj Nagar in Ghargoti Nagar locality. Ashish's eldest brother Swapnil, ailing from some time, had passed away just last week. The third son, Praful, had committed suicide a few months after her husband's death.Prabha said she was not too happy with Ashish's marriage to girlfriend Bhavna some eight months ago. Ashish was employed at a hardware shop on Narsala Road. He had been implicated in a case of petty theft some time ago. But, the reason for the 23-year-old Ashish's murder is a mystery.His body was found at 6am on Thursday. Ashish had been killed with a heavy stone that had been smashed into his face and head. The cops are still clueless about the assailants and the motive behind the murder.Suresh Ingley had been seen with Ashish the previous evening, but claims to be clueless about the murder. Ingley had several offences, including many under the Prohibition Act for selling illicit liquor, against him. Sources have told police that Ashish also had a fight with Ingley last week. Once, Ingley had also barged into the house of Ashish's in-laws, which is in the vicinity, over a property dispute.Cops said that Ingley's phone book and mobile phone were found in Ashish's pocket, and his slippers were also near the body. But since he is of frail health the cops do not believe he could have killed Ashish with a stone.In another twist, Ingley's phone book had names and phones numbers of some dreaded gangsters and also a local corporator with criminal records. It is learnt that police have summoned some of them for verification but nothing transpired from the exercise. Most of them admitted knowing Ingley but distanced themselves from the murder.Ashish's mother Prabha said her youngest son had left house on his cycle on Wednesday evening. \"I was out and did not speak to Ashish when he left. He did not have any dispute with anyone. We were informed about his murder in the morning,\" she said.It is learnt that Ashish and Ingley had food and liquor together after their group had finished gambling. They were seen sitting at the nearby ground till late in the night. Ashish's wife Bhavna had gone there to ask Ashish to come home, but he refused.Hudkeshwar police have rounded up Ingley and also called Bhavna and her brother Gaurav Mankar for questioning. The stone used to eliminate Ashish is yet to be found.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14328336", "title": "Congress distances itself from Alvi's remarks on Mulayam, SP furious", "text": "LUCKNOW: A day after Congress spokesman Rashid Alvi described Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav as the \"biggest ever agent of the BJP\", the Congress party on Thursday \"clarified\" that it was Alvi's personal opinion and not that of the party. The SP, however, demanded action against Alvi and a public apology from the Congress leadership.Adding a twist, Janata Party president Subramanian Swami, who was in Lucknow on Thursday, said that knowing Alvi personally, the remark could not have come without a go ahead from the Congress chief Sonia Gandhi .Political analysts, however, saw the episode as an attempt by the Congress to assert its political supremacy which was overshadowed by Mulayam's role in deciding the fate of UPA presidential candidate Pranab Mukherjee .While the Yadav clan -- Mulayam Singh, Shivpal Yadav and chief minister Akhilesh Yadav -- avoided any reaction on Alvi's remarks, SP leaders described the incident as Congress' double-talk. They added that the same strategy was practiced during UP elections when Congress leader Digvijay Singh had called SP as the party of criminals and goons on several occasions.Addressing a public gathering in Moradabad on Wednesday, Rashid Alvi described Mulayam as \"the biggest ever agent of the BJP\" and added that the SP supremo dances to the tunes of the saffron brigade. Alvi's utterances triggered sharp reactions from the SP on Thursday. SP national general secretary Ram Gopal Yadav called Alvi a \"mad person\". \"I one don't think I should take cognizance of what any mad person says about the party or its leadership,\" he said.SP MP Shahid Siddiqui saw the utterances as unreasonable. \"I can't understand the purpose and provocation behind Rashid Alvi saying what he did. If what Alvi said was not the party line, then there is all the more reason for the Congress leadership to punish him for trying to severe ties with a political outfit which has offered unclenching support to the Congress for the president's election,\" Siddiqui said. Expressing surprise over Congressman leader Janardan Dwivedi's statement that Alvi's statement did not reflect the party line, Siddiqui said: \"The party cannot wash its hands off in such a manner, if it really does not agree with what Rashid Alvi has said, then it is there responsibility to take action against him so that the SP is sure of what the party's stand on the issue is.\"In Lucknow, state health minister Ahmed Hasan described it as an incident that exposes the extent of opportunism Alvi believes in. \"When Parliament voted on Narendra Modi , Rashid Alvi had voted in favour of Modi ... what more does one want as a proof of the political stature that Alvi has,\" Hasan said. \"Alvi has said in his speech that he has been saying this repeatedly for the past 10 years that Mulayam was an agent of the BJP, this in itself means that he has been doing it with the party's knowledge. If not then why has he not been reprimanded for it,\" Hasan questioned.SP spokesman Rajendra Chaudhary questioned the contradictions in the stance of the Congress. \"On one hand, they say it is Rashid Alvi's personal comment - by saying this they approve of the fact that though an individual opinion, what ever he said was right. On the other, they say it is not the party line, thereby meaning that the party does not agree to what Alvi is saying. How can they describe it as right and wrong at the same time,\" Chaudhary said.Questioning the claim that Rashid Alvi's statement was his personal view, Chaudhary said: \"It was a Congress party event to campaign for local bodies election, had Rashid Alvi gone there in personal capacity, then this explanation could have been accepted. But, he was there as a senior Congress leader so how can it be a personal comment,\" SP spokesman asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14328432", "title": "Bad condition of Raia stadium angers panch members", "text": "MARGAO: Upset over the deteriorating conditions at a football stadium still under construction in Raia, the new sarpanch demanded an inquiry after conducting a joint inspection along with the PWD department on Thursday.The panch members were annoyed to see that cracks had developed on the spectator stand of the stadium. Sarpanch Rumaldo Gonsalves had earlier written to the PWD department demanding that the work be stopped till the matter was first rectified. The panch members pointed out that the work for the stadium was sanctioned under the MPLAD funds by the then South Goa MP, Eduardo Faleiro , in 2009.PWD junior engineer Armstrong Fernandes who carried out the inspection assured the agitated panch members that the matter would be looked into at the earliest.\"If you look at the portion of the stadium where the spectator stand is, you can gauge that it has not been done properly. What's worse is that mud has been used to level the gaps (cracks) when concrete should be used in such cases,\" said Xavier Fernandes, Raia panch member and activist.PWD officials partially agreed with the claims of the panch members and blamed faulty compacting work on the part of the contractor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14328198", "title": "5-month-old baby killed, body dumped in drain", "text": "CHENNAI: A five-month-old boy was abducted from his house in R K Nagar and murdered on Wednesday. The killers dumped the child's body close to his home, in a sewage canal where it was found early Thursday morning.The child's parents alleged he had been killed in a sacrificial ritual. They said they found traces of yellow and red paste and neighbours said they found a fresh lemon in the drain but police denied there was evidence to show that the child was sacrificed.Gomathi, 21, told police she left her son Gokul at home and went to a shop nearby at 10pm on Wednesday. When she returned her son was missing. Gokul's grandparents were watching television and said they hadn't seen the child. After searching for her son in neighbours' houses, Gomathi informed her husband Rajesh, 24, that their son was missing. Rajesh, who works in a steel shop, lodged a complaint at the RK Nagar police station.A police team started a probe and the boy's frantic parents continued to look for him when Rajesh got a call from a neighbour at 5.30am. The neighbour said the child's body had been found in a drain closeby. Police sent the body, which was found wrapped in a violet cloth, to Stanley Medical College Hospital for an autopsy. As the child was too young to crawl, investigators concluded that he had been kidnapped and murdered. Police then altered the case to murder case.\"The child didn't have any visible injuries, but his lips were swollen and bloodstained,\" said P Sivasankar, inspector in charge of R K Nagar police station.He said Gomathi had previously been married to an electrician and had a daughter with him. After they separated, she married Rajesh. Police said Rajesh's family was against the marriage. \"We suspect Rajesh's family could be involved in the murder,\" north zone joint commissioner of police N K Senthamarai Kannan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14336395", "title": "'Leading actors refused to star in Kai Po Che'", "text": "Director Abhishek Kapoor, who is adapting Chetan Bhagat's book \" 3 Mistakes of My Life\" for the big screen, says leading Bollywood actors refused to be a part of \" Kai Po Che\" because it is a multi-starrer.The film stars Sushant Singh Rajput of Pavitra Rishta fame, Love Sex And Dhokha actor Raj Kumar Yadav, TV actor Amit Sadh and Aisha actress Amrita Puri.Kapoor said he initially approached few big stars for his movie but was turned down by them because they didn't want to star in a three hero film.\"Initially I tried to get some big names on board but they all had some apprehensions because they didn't want to work in three-hero film. Especially the younger lot as they are so vulnerable - they think 'If I do this film then what will be my future?',\" Kapoor told PTI.However, the Rock On director is glad he didn't spend much time running behind the stars and is satisfied with his choice of actors.\"I wouldn't change the script to suit anyone. They are three friends and they should be equal. It should not be that one is a hero and other two are flunkies. Big actors are not authorities on what is a good film or bad film. I can't decide my career trajectory based on what stars want.\"If you want to work with stars then you should make movies which they like... I want to make movies which I like. I can't do everything for money and short term. I would like my movie to be appreciated 50 years down the line,\" he said.The film is set in Gujarat and follows the story of three boys - Ishaan, Omi and Govind.Kapoor said that although the movie is based on Bhagat's novel he has changed about 50-60 per cent of the story line.\"It is based on Chetan's book but to change a book to screenplay is a huge process. The adaptation takes a while and a lot of changes are made.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14329030", "title": "Few takers for ladies-only trams, Calcutta Tramways Corporation rues losses", "text": "KOLKATA: A unique initiative to introduce 'ladies special' trams has got derailed because there are too few takers. Every ladies-only trip punches bigger holes in the coffers of the loss-hit Calcutta Tramways Corporation, forcing officials to think of phasing it out.Tram conductors say they get five women per trip at best, making the service economically unsustainable. CTC chairman Shantilal Jain acknowledged that the 'ladies specials' had not become popular and would be gradually phased out. \"We have had a very poor response to the 'ladies special' service and have decided to make the second compartment a general one,\" Jain told TOI. Sources said the move was a step towards withdrawing the service altogether.These trams were introduced on March 9, International Women's Day, and run from 3.30pm to 8.30pm. But the CTC authorities apparently did not consider the fact that most women in Kolkata generally travel with their families \u2014 a husband, a father, brother or son \u2014 or boyfriends and wouldn't board the ladies' specials. Even those travelling alone seemed loath to wait for a ladies-only and boarded the general trams.While CTC earns Rs 250-350 on average trips of regular trams on routes like 5, 22, 25 and 36, the average revenue on 'ladies special' trams is around Rs 50, say officials. \"At times, there are only three-four women in the two compartments but scores of passengers waiting outside because cannot board a women-only tram,\" said conductor Arup Dutta, who was on duty on a 'ladies special'. He had little to do on these trips apart from dissuading men from boarding these trams and catching his 40 winks.TOI took a few trips on the ladies' specials christened 'Mother's Special' and 'Sister Nivedita' and found only three women on board one and seven on the other during a four-hour period.Fifty-five-year-old homemaker Asha Upadhyay, who stays near Thanthania Kalibari, said she did not know about the existence of 'ladies specials' until she saw one and climbed on board. \"I am not surprised to see so few passengers. The idea to operate a 'ladies special' may be noble but it will not make commercial sense as women commuters can't wait for a 'ladies special' to arrive,\" she pointed out.Purushottam Chatterjee, a tram conductor for 15 years, said the services, though uninterrupted, are very irregular. \"The irregularity of these trams and the odd timings are the main reasons why women did not feel encouraged to avail of the special service,\" he felt.As a near-empty ladies-only rattled through Wellington and College Street, TOI spotted disappointed faces on the road as they stepped forward and then realized they could not board it. At Esplanade, homemaker Amita Chakraborty waited for quite a while for a ladies' special and then opted to take a bus. \"I rarely ever get the chance to board a tram. There is no point waiting for a 'ladies special' that is even more infrequent. Though a tram ride is more comfortable and safe, I often end up taking a bus to Gariahat as trams are rarely there,\" said Amita, a Jadavpur resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14330475", "title": "Mantralaya fire: Politician climbs down pipe from 6th floor", "text": "MUMBAI: With help from the fire department taking time to arrive, some of those trapped in the building resorted to extreme measures.NCP leader Sanjay Bankar Patil, a general secretary of the party, climbed down a drainage pipe from the sixth floor to the ground.Patil said he had gone to the deputy CM's chamber, where a meeting was supposed to be held around 2.15pm. \" While (Ajit) Pawar was taken to safety, I and others got trapped.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14326636", "title": "No fees refund for youth who switched colleges", "text": "MUMBAI: Engineering student Amit Vaidya, who jumped ship when the college of his choice offered him a seat, later found out that it was a costly gamble. The Bombay high court recently dismissed his plea to order K C College (Thane), where he had initially taken admission, to refund Rs 92,000 as fees.\"The rules seek to balance the refund of tuition fees to students who obtain more preferential allotments with the rights of managements,\" said a division bench of Justices Dhananjay Chandrachud and R D Dhanuka.Under the rules framed by the Directorate of Technical Education, refund of tuition is provided in certain eventualities. \"The rules stipulate that no refund of fees, except for the security deposit, can be granted where a request for cancellation of admission is received before or after the start of the academic session and the seat cannot be filled by the institute,\" added the judges.Advocate Ashutosh Kumbhakoni, counsel for the college, said Vaidya cancelled his admission on the final cut-off date, due to which they could not admit another student for the vacant seat. \"In the present case, as a result of the withdrawal by (Vaidya) from the seat allotted, the seat would remain vacant for a period of four years,\" said the court, while refusing to order a refund.Vaidya had sought admission in K C College and was allotted a seat in the third round of admissions on September 2, 2010. He paid tuition fees of Rs 85,800 and Rs 6,200 as stationery charges. On September 15, he sought cancellation of his admission as he had got into a college of his choice.The college, which had no time to admit another student, refused to refund the fees. Subsequently, during a hearing before the All-India Council for Technical Education, the college offered to refund 25% of the sum on humanitarian grounds. Vaidya, however, rejected the offer and moved the high court seeking a full refund.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "14330279", "title": "Small wonders pack a real punch", "text": "PANCHKULA: What has age got to do with bravery? Panchkula kids say -- nothing really. Six city children not only stood courageously in the face of fear, but also came up trumps.When an armed robber entered the Sector 10 house of Shivam Thakur, 12, on Wednesday and held his mother and sister hostage, he did not lose strength. Rather, he stealthily went out from the rear gate, scaled a wall and called neighbours, who nabbed the miscreant with police's assistance. \"I was in the bath when I heard my mother and sister screaming. And on seeing the gun-trotting youth, I quietly went out and raised an alarm,\" said the alert Class VII boy.Even Pratibha, 8, and Garima, 9, sisters and residents of Sector 12, had put up a brave front when their domestic help was escaping after murdering their grandmother, Shanti Devi, 65, in 2011. Though the two were seriously injured in the scuffle that ensued, they did not back out till the murderer got his comeuppance. \"We identified Akhilesh, the domestic help, in the court and gave a statement to the judge. Today, our grandmother's killer is behind bars,\" said Pratibha and Garima.An alacritous Sumedh Sachdeva, 16, of Sector 12 did not let fear overpower him when he saw highway robbers holding his family hostage in April 2009. Gathering his strength and wisdom, he scaled a wall in his backyard to summon help.And some alert children have also saved lives. In June 2009, Mehak Manchanda, 10, had saved a two-year-old child from drowning in a four feet deep water pit.\"We were at a dhaba in Saha village in Kaithal, when I saw a two-year-old girl had fallen in a pit full of water. I rushed there with my cousin, held the child's hand and raised an alarm. The girl was soon taken out,\" Manchanda, a resident of inner Manimajra, said.Dev, 11, a resident of Barwala, Panchkula, did not blink when he saw a snake in his room. \"Two years ago, I was sitting in a room along with my grandmother. Suddenly there came a snake. In a flash, I stood up and pushed it aside. When it went in another room, I locked it. A snake catcher caught the reptile after an hour long operation,\" he smiled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14327686", "title": "Bonalu festivities kick off at temple in Golconda", "text": "HYDERABAD: It was a grand start for Bonalu celebrations at Golconda as thousands of devotees thronged the Jagadambika Mahankali temple inside the fort on Thursday to mark the onset of the month-long festivities across the twin cities.The 3-km long 'Ghatam' procession started from Langar Houz with hundreds of women carrying decorated pots filled with Bonam (cooked rice, milk and sugar) and men carrying paper structures modeled on the lines of goddess Mahankali and a Potharaju (a significant religious character who is covered with turmeric and vermillion).As is the custom, the procession stopped at the house of the priest of the Golconda temple, Ananthachary, who then carried the idol of the goddess from his house to the temple. Huge crowds joined the procession at different intervals and even the rain in the evening couldn't deter people from joining the festivity.Before the procession started, state endowments minister C Ramachandraiah offered prayers and presented Pattuvastralu (cloth offering) and silver items of worship to the deity. City police commissioner Anurag Sharma and other local leaders also made their presence felt at the event.The procession which began at 2 pm finally ended around 8 pm with the installation of the goddess's idol inside the temple which is atop the Golconda fort, half a kilometer from the fort entrance. Thousands attended the special puja that was held after the event inside the temple. Hundreds of temples in the region, which will celebrate Bonalu on Thursdays and Sundays for the next one month, were also decked up.K Shankar Rao, member, Golconda Jagadambika temple said, \"The idol of the goddess will be kept inside the temple for the next 9 weeks and those who want to seek blessings can do so during this time. After that on the last day, there will be the Rangam programme (future prediction by oracle) following which the statue of the goddess will be kept back in the house of the priest.\"To make sure there was no law and order problem, a huge contingent of armed personnel was deployed throughout the procession route and in and around the Golconda area.The next Bonalu celebrations will take place in Ujjaini Mahankali temple in Secunderabad (July 8 and 9) and will be followed by festivities at the Mahankali temple in Lal Darwaza in the Old City (July 15 and 16).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14333096", "title": "Sholay gets delayed for Ek Tha Tiger", "text": "The 3D version of the greatest blockbuster of our times, Sholay, had been announced amidst great fanfare and the magnum opus was to hit theatres on August 15 this year.At the time, G P Sippy's grandson Shaan Uttam Singh, one of the copyright owners of the film, had said people would love to watch the classic with the technological augmentation.However, it is learnt the makers of the 3D version have postponed the release date and while the reason for this decision isn't quite clear, buzz is they are running scared of Salman Khan-starrer Ek Tha Tiger that will release around the same time.A source close to the film told TOI \"The changed date hasn't been fixed yet. Earlier, it was okayed by the distributor and financer Jayantilal Gada to release the 3D version at the same time as Ek Tha Tiger . However, the promos of Ek Tha Tiger becoming a hit, they had second thoughts.\" When contacted, Jayantilal Gada sounded defensive, \"We are not postponing the film because we are apprehensive of locking horns with Ek Tha Tiger . Who will not see Sholay ? The point is we are not ready with our sound effects. Our team is still working on them.\"Our source refuted the claim saying, \"The 3D version of Sholay is ready in all respects. Shaan Uttam Singh, G P Sippy's grandson, had gone to the media with it. There is no other reason other than the fact that the makers of the 3D version have developed cold feet now. The promos of Ek Tha Tiger are looking really hot. Moreover, Salman is having a glorious run at the BO since a very long time now. It is always better to be safe than sorry.\"Also, with Ek Tha Tiger rumoured to be the first film in Bollywood to release on a Monday aka August 13, it would be impossible for people to see another film in the very same week, according to the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14330704", "title": "Sahitya Ratha hits the streets with books", "text": "MANGALORE: City-based Karnataka Konkani Sahitya Academy's ambitious programme of reaching out to Gennext Konkani learners got underway with the Konkani Sahitya Rath (Konkani Literary Chariot) hitting the streets here on Thursday. Under this programme, the academy will distribute 18,000 academy publications worth Rs 10 lakh to 120 schools in DK and Udupi where Konkani is being taught as the third language in schools.The main aim of this initiative is to ensure that each of the 120 schools where Konkani is taught have their own Konkani section in their respective libraries.Kasargod Chinna, president of the academy, while thanking the state government to permit the academy to make good use of the books, otherwise gathering dust in the academy's office, said the academy has made a beginning by distributing books to 20 out of 120 schools over the next two days.This (programme) has been arranged with the sole idea of taking Konkani language and its rich and varied literature to the next generation who are its readers, Chinna said.\"These books are not meant to be locked up in the libraries of respective schools,\" he said adding that their true use will be when the Konkani language teachers enthuse the students to pick up these books, read and understand the words of wisdom contained therein.Continuing his thrust of making youth and children the focal point of academy's activities, Chinna said the academy would permit schools to send their students to display their literary talent on its premises.\"We want the children (from schools where Konkani is being taught) to come in batches and present their poems, and other literary compositions,\" he said adding this was the sure way on how the language could be saved for posterity.A Konkani Yuvajana Vidyarthi Sammelan, a Konkani Chalanachitra/Rangabhoomi Kalavida Sammelan, a Konkani Sangeethkar Sammelan are the other major Konkani activities in the offing, Chinna said, adding he would discuss the modalities of the same with his newly appointed team of office bearers and take forward the ideas.Narendra L Nayak, head of Expert Group of Institutions inaugurated the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "14330879", "title": "Charason land acquisition: Farmers demand suspension of ASP, panchayat officer", "text": "PATIALA: The fact-finding team of 17 farmer organizations, formed to probe police-farmer clash at Charason village two days back, has held an ASP and a block development and panchayat officer (BDPO) responsible for attack on farmers and demanded the registration of case against both.The team, which includes BKU (Dakaunda) president Buta Singh Burjgill, Punjab Kisan Union member Ruldu Singh Mansa and Jamhoori Kisan Sabha vice-president Modan Singh Dulowal, visited both Charason and Balbera villages and interacted with injured farmers. Investigations revealed that police had resorted to lathicharge, teargas, water cannons and firing on unarmed farmers on June 19 without any provocation. Two dozen people, five of them grievously, were injured in the incident.\"ASP Sadar Police Station Patiala Dhruman H Nimble and block development and panchayat officer Jaswant Kaur misused their powers. We demand the suspension of both for misusing their powers and cases should be registered against them for inflicting grievous injuries to farmers. We would start protest after discussing the matter with all organizations,\" said Darshan Pal, district president of BKU (Dakaunda).Patiala administration had tried to take possession of hundreds of acres of common land, being cultivated by farmers for more than four decades, in Balbera and Charson villages on Tuesday. However, it took a violent turn when farmers resisted the move. Many alleged they were attacked by police despite not being associated with the farmers' protest.\"I did not take part in the agitation and was working in my own land when police attacked me. Five-six cops surrounded me and thrashed me with sticks till I fell unconscious,\" alleged Gurjant Singh from Charaso village, who has suffered injuries in legs.ASP Nimble did not attend to calls on his mobile phone. Patiala SP (D) Pritpal Singh Thind said the administration has called a meeting with all farmer organizations on June 25 to solve the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14331691", "title": "All-star team with Figo, Ronaldo to play in Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: There is more good news for the football-crazy fans in the city who are in the grip of Euro fever. State sports minister Madan Mitra claimed on Thursday that a host of international stars, including Ronaldo and Roberto Carlos of Brazil, Hernan Crespo of Argentina , Fabio Cannavaro of Italy, Raul Gonzalez of Spain and Luis Figo of Portugal, are likely to come down to the city as part of an All-Star team to play an exhibition match in August.Sources informed that Lucas Matias Lugo, CEO of We Are Futbol - a firm based in Buenos Aires - has written to Prashant Agarwal, CEO of Kshatriya Sports Management (KSM), that these mega stars are available to play exhibition matches between August 1 and 15.Incidentally, this is the same firm that was negotiating with Manchester United and Juventus to play an exhibition match in Kolkata in August. United later officially clarified that the club will not be playing in India this year.Agarwal could not be reached over phone but Satadru Datta, KSM's director, eastern region, informed, \"We are trying to organise an All-Star match in August. Negotiations are still on, but we remain hopeful. We are also hopeful of bringing Manchester United to Kolkata at a later date.\"If the All-Star match becomes a reality, they are likely to play against an Indian All-Star XI, Mitra said.The AIFF has laid down specific guidelines for conducting international matches in India between countries as well as foreign clubs. However, in case of unofficial matches, like the proposed All-Star game, AIFF guidelines may not apply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "14328842", "title": "3 girls drown in Gorala dam", "text": "AKOLA: Sangita Solanke (8), Romi Wongal (10) and Sayna Awrya (5) drowned in Gorala dam at Umapur Hukkardari in Jalgaon Jamod taluka in Buldhana district on Wednesday.The girls had gone for grazing goats. They entered the dam water for bathing and got drowned. The deceased belonged to the tribal community. Investigations are on.Young girl hangs self Mira Matke (20) hanged herself to death at her house in Bapu Nagar area of Akot File here on Wednesday. In the earlier night, she had talked to somebody on mobile telephone. Her mother found the body hanging. A case of accidental death was registered.Girl found murderedA young girl missing since four days was found murdered at village Salpi under Pinjar police station in Akola district on Wednesday.The deceased was identified as Tajaswini Nandapure (18) of Salpi. She had left the house on June 17 for answering nature's call but did not return home. A hectic search was launched which proved futile. A report was lodged with the police on June 19 last. Her body, concealed under wood, was noticed on Wednesday. Her hands and legs were tied and the body was decomposed.A case of murder was registered. The accused is yet to be detected. Some suspected that her murder might be a case of honour killing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14328114", "title": "World Music Day: When music became a language", "text": "CHENNAI: He might have one of the most packed schedules in the world of music, but that's also the reason composer A R Rahman made it a point to stop and take note of the fact that June 21 was World Music Day. At his KM Music Conservatory, with students, teachers and sister Fathima, director of the school, decided to record a song composed by one of the faculty, sung by a student to commemorate the day.\"We recorded a Sufi qalam written by Munna Shaukat Ali in praise of the murshid or teacher. Both Rahman and Fathima were intent that something long-lasting and memorable be done to mark the day,\" says Jyoti Nair, senior manager at the Conservatory.Meanwhile, Alliance Francaise on College Road was all abuzz with its week-long celebration of music. Considering the idea of World Music Day was conceptualised in France in 1976 by American musician Joel Cohen, it's no wonder that the cultural centre's \"Fete de la Musique\", a collaborative effort between Alliance Francaise of Madras, Goethe- Institut and Unwind Centre, will go on till June 26, featuring a wide range of musicians from India, France, Germany and the United States.The Alliance Francaise auditorium was packed to the brim with music lovers who came to listen to a medley of jazz, rock, pop and even a choir for a programme that lasted over two hours. People were seen seated along the aisle, on the every bit of floor space available and even standing on the sides of the otherwise 15-seater room as White Lady, Adam and the Fishe-Eyed Poets, El Fe and more performed.Max Mueller Bhavan saw pianist Anil and singer Vedanth Bharadwaj taking to the stage in a concert for a group of students from a corporation school in Aminjikarai. It was not a one-off concert, says Srinivasan. The concert also saw the launch of a website by NalandaWay and Goethe Institut. The website, Chennai Music Library, is a repertoire of clips of concerts given by various consular offices and cultural centres. Conceptualised by Srinivasan and V Sriram Iyer of NalandaWay, the library is an attempt to help students from underprivileged backgrounds get to know different kinds of music and instruments.\"We want children to be aware of different kinds of music and not just film songs,\" said Geetha Vedaraman of Goethe-Institut. According to Srinivasan, though music education is stressed as an important aspect of schooling, there is scarcity of education aids. So the clips, put together from videos provided by Alliance Francaise, US consulate, Inko Centre and Goethe-Institut will come in handy to educators and trainers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "14327076", "title": "MLA's wedding, sportsmen's woes", "text": "GAYA: Though Gaya Gandhi Maidan, one of the four places in the country, where Bapu's urns have been preserved, has been in the news for several wrong reasons including massive encroachments, municipal waste dumping and playing host to love birds (the bushes in the eastern part of the Maidan are favourite rendezvous for love birds). It is now set to witness a mega marriage ceremony.On the June 24, Ghosi MLA Rahul Kumar, son of the Jehanabad MP Jagdish Sharma will tie the nuptial knot with Shalini, daughter of a well-known transporter in a marriage ceremony, to be held on the sprawling Gandhi Maidan. It is estimated that about 10,000 people will attend the ceremony mainly from the MP's and MLA's constituencies and the number of 'baratis' could be around 5,000.As preparations for the mega event is on, athletes practicing in the Maidan have the option of either temporary shifting elsewhere or suspending the practice for about a week or so as the running track, football goal posts and other sporting areas have been encroached by erecting bamboos and other pandal-making material all around. The Miadan is now full of pot holes.A promising athlete reacted caustically, \"Bade logon ki bat, hai hum kya bloein. Ye ghalat parampara to zaroor hai parantu hamari kaun sunta hai. Maidan ko ab Bhagwan bachai (Big people are involved. Who will listen to us? But a very wrong precedent is being set. May God save the Maidan).\"The District Sports Association, the custodian of the Maidan, will have to strive hard to make the ground sports-friendly once the mega event is over. District Sports Association Secretary AM Karimi alias Motibhai hoped that no damage is caused to the playing area. In any case, some earth work is to be done on the ground and as such allotment for marriage purpose is not much of a problem.Asked about the circumstances under which the playing area has been allotted for organizing a mega marriage ceremony and whether the condition that the provisions of the Guest Control law will be observed by the event organizers, has been imposed in the allotment letter. District magistrate Bandana Preyasi, who made the allotment in her capacity as the ex-officio president of the District Sports Association said, she needed time to make a proper and legally correct response.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14327549", "title": "Commuters may face difficulties due to uncovered bus stops", "text": "KANPUR: Although the district authorities made an attempt to streamline the public transport system by declaring the seven kms stretch of Mall road-Gol Chauraha no-tempo zone, but commuters feel the facilities leave a lot to be desired.Commuters are worried that the situation would worsen with the monsoon sets in. The agencies has renovated some of the existing bus stops, still there are many at major locations like Chunniganj, Phoolbagh, Lal Imli, Harshnagar, Parade and LIC building, which are without overhead sheds. Commuters fear that they would have a tough time while boarding buses during the rainy season.At Narohna Chauraha on Mall road, from where the bus service originates, there is not even a single bus shelter.Ashraf, a commuter from the Narohna bus stop said, \"With no shed to our aid, at present we are forced to brave the blazing sun.The things have become worst particularly for women and children. Commuters will have a tough time ahead with the monsoon round the corner, anybody out without an umbrella or rain coat will get soaked while waiting for a bus.\"The situation will become nightmarish once the schools and colleges are going to reopen next month. Vaishali, a student, said: \"During the rainy season, it would be difficult to board a bus without getting wet. The authorities did not give a thought to the needs of common people.\" Amit, a resident of Mall road, said: \"With no proper overhead shed and seating arrangement, passengers are forced to sit on the footpaths or roads.\" To add to commuter confusion, there are no signboards or ticket rate list at bus stops.Neelam, a university student, said: \"Thanks to the district authorities, we no longer have to travel in rash overloaded tempos. But there should have been more facilities at the site.\"Manish, another commuter, called for more frequency of buses, punctuality and proper monitoring on the route and demanded to increase the count of the buses particularly at night. \"The designated halt is barely 150 or 200 metres away, but the bus drivers simply do not care. People too are partly to blame because they signal the buses to a stop almost anywhere in the absence of passenger sheds,\" he said.Subhash, a trader, added: \"Stopping buses in the middle of the road has become a habit with drivers and since the roads are not wide, traffic congestion is natural. Traffic snarls have become almost a regular feature.\"Municipal commissioner N K S Chauhan admitted that the buses stop here and there to pick up passengers, but insisted that they had been warned not to violate traffic rules. \"We have nearly 15 designated bus halts, which are identified in such a way that they do not trigger congestion on roads but if buses are ignoring the law, they will face action,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "14328210", "title": "Cops net 2 Nigerian drug peddlers", "text": "CALANGUTE: The Calangute and Anjuna police on Thursday morning arrested two Nigerian nationals for illegal possession of narcotic drugs.According to Calangute PI Nolasco Raposo, they received specific information that a drug peddler would be waiting between 4.30am and 6.30am to deliver the drugs to a customer at a spot near the football ground, next to the Calangute Association hall, at Umtavaddo. A police team comprising PI Raposo, PSI Harish Gawas, constables Rupesh Kandolkar, Govind Gawas and Shabaz Sheikh lay in wait and nabbed the Nigerian, Okoh Ogbannya, 33, with 1.3g of cocaine worth 6,500 and 16g of charas worth 1,600. The police have also attached cash of 1,250, a Samsung mobile phone, altogether worth 9,950. The Nigerian has been arrested under Section 21(a) and Section 20 (B)(II) (A) of the NDPS Act 1985.At Assagao, an Anjuna police team led by PI Rahul Parab nabbed Egiofar Emmanuel, 25, and recovered 10g of charas worth 4,000. Further investigations are in progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "14334405", "title": "CA pay dispute with players resolved", "text": "MELBOURNE: The long-standing pay dispute in Australian cricket was finally resolved on Friday with the CA announcing a new five-year Memorandum of Understanding under which a trimmed list of 17 contracted players will receive increased match fees at all levels besides performance bonuses for series wins.Cricket Australia's (CA) National Selection Panel nominated the players, trimmed to 17 from last year's 25, based on their \"form over the past 12 months.\"Other criteria included their \"likelihood of Australian selection over the next 12 months taking into account the formats of cricket Australia plays, balance of the side and the need to ensure the future development of the Test and limited overs teams.\"The weighting for Tests outweighs ODI, which outweighs Twenty20. The weight of Tests was also strengthened following the Australian Team Performance Review outcomes.Commenting on the CA contract list for 2012-13, National Selector John Inverarity said, \"Following the recommendations of the Australian Team Performance Review and negotiations between CA and the ACA, the NSP on Friday announces a Contract List of 17 players, a reduction in numbers of nearly one-third from the 25 of recent years.\"Naming just 17 players initially, with the ability to upgrade others, as and when performance warrants, ensures a tighter alignment between current performance, recognition and reward,\" he added.Among the players who have missed out on a contract is Ed Cowan, who has been Australia's opener since the Boxing Day Test against India last year. Former captain Ricky Ponting , who has been displaying inconsistent form, has been retained in the top-17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14330698", "title": "South-West monsoon active", "text": "MANGALORE: South-west monsoon continued its dominance in coastal districts of Karnataka with Karkala in Karkala taluk of Udupi district recording maximum rainfall of 120 mm in the last 24 hours upto 8.30am on Thursday. Widespread, moderate to heavy rain was recorded in DK, Udupi and Kodagu district, according to data released by Karnataka State Natural Disaster Monitoring Centre , Bangalore.Fairly widespread, moderate rain was recorded in Yadgir; scattered, heavy rain received in Shimoga and Uttara Kannada; isolated, light to heavy rain received in Hassan, Gulbarga, Bijapur, Chikmagalur, Mysore, Raichur, Bangalore Urban, Bagalkot, Kolar, Bangalore rural, Gagag, and Chamrajnagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14337002", "title": "Transport department announces diversion of buses", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Limited has announced diversion of buses on the Jangli Maharaj road in the city as the construction of the subway at S G Barve chowk (modern cafe chowk) would begin soon.The Pune Municipal Corporation will soon be starting the construction work of the subway. The civic body has earlier completed the work of another subway at the Sancheti chowk.For ensuring smooth vehicular traffic during construction of the subway at S G Barve chowk, the traffic branch has started the implementation of rotary traffic at the junction. Movement of vehicles from Barve chowk towards the historic Shaniwarwada has now been banned. As many PMPML buses earlier used to go by this road, the PMPML management has decided to divert these buses on to the Jangli Maharaj road. The buses will go via Balgandharva chowk, PMC Bhavan, Mangala talkies and proceed towards Shaniwarwada. PMPML officials said that bus commuters will not face any major problems due to this diversion.Traffic branch officials said that while the construction work is yet to begin, the rotary traffic at S G Barve chowk is being implemented on a trial basis. Traffic officials said that many vehicle users were not aware about the traffic changes on the first day. As a result, there was traffic congestion at some places. Deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Vishwas Pandhre has appealed citizens to cooperate with the police in the implementation of the traffic changes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "puducherry", "code": "14333388", "title": "Pranab Mukherjee calls up Puducherry CM for support", "text": "PUDUCHERRY: UPA Presidential candidate Pranab Mukherjee on Thursday sought Puducherry chief minister and AINRC leader N Rangasamy's support for his candidature.Pranab Mukherjee contacted the chief minister over phone in the forenoon to seek support, official sources said, adding that Rangasamy responded positively.The AIl India NR Congress (AINRC) has a strength of 15 members in the 30 member Assembly and enjoys the support of the lone Independent V M C Sivakumar from outside.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14331001", "title": "More central funds to speed up sewerage laying", "text": "LUDHIANA: The residents who have been troubled by the slow pace of sewerage laying projects might get some relief with the civic authority finally receiving the pending funds from Union urban development authorities under Jawahar Lal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM).The Union urban development authorities have agreed to release the second installment in July after getting assurance from the civic body that it would implement all the said reforms as soon as possible. The civic officials were denied funds under JNNURM for 100% sewerage laying work in the city for failing to implement the reforms. The civic body had been asked to implement reforms like e-governance, online payment of water, sewerage and house tax bills, computerization of departments, creation and regular updating of official MC website, providing online birth and death certificates, property assessment, more usage charges from water and sewerage bills and double entry of MC accounts.The funds were stopped by the central body when these reforms were not fulfilled despite several reminders. The sewerage project was estimated to cost Rs 241 crore when planned, which has reached Rs 267 crore including internal expenditures.The civic body has so far got Rs 30 crore from central government and Rs 12 crore from Punjab. It would now get the second installment of Rs 30 crore from Centre. But the decision on grant for construction of dwelling units is still pending.Additional commissioner (technical) Kamlesh Bansal says the second installment would hopefully be released in July, following which, they would be able to clear the dues and work would be completed faster. The residents, however, say they have been facing a tough time on several stretches where sewerage laying work is on for the past three years. \"The sewerage lines were installed in our area, but these are not functional yet, because they are yet to be connected with main sewerage which is yet to be installed,\" says businessman Sanjiv Jain from Barewal.A student and Dugri resident Kamaljit Singh says, \"It was a tough job passing through Dugri main road when sewerage laying work was going on. Though the work is over now, problems have not come to an end, as the road remains to be constructed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14329343", "title": "Liquor worth Rs 32.10 lakh seized", "text": "VADODARA: Local crime branch (LCB) seized liquor worth Rs 32.10 lakh from a truck that was on its way to Bodeli on Thursday. The cops had received a tip-off that the truck would be passing from the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14327599", "title": "Schools gearing up to implement SC order on safety norms in buses", "text": "INDORE: Schools in Indore are gearing up to adhere to safety guidelines set by the Supreme Court for school buses. In a recent meeting, the district administration and the RTO have decided to penalize the schools found to be violating the apex court's guidelines.The RTO has already launched a drive to check the schools' preparedness to evade any possible hazards ahead of the new academic session. Schools have even conducted special training session for the bus staffers to enable them handling all kinds of situations.Cynthia James, principal of Indore Public School, says, \"All mandatory things including speed governors are in place in the buses. We have even conducted classes for our drivers and conductors so that they can deal with an adverse situation in a better way.\" Not just security, but schools are prepared to tackle health issues too.\"We are well-equipped so that students can have a safe commuting to and fro the school. Our bus staff along with teachers and other staff will rush to help the students if they feel any kind of uneasiness during travelling in the school bus,\" says Vandana Daji, vice-principal, Sri Sathya Sai Vidya Vihar school. \"All escorts are being trained to handle an emergency situation in a better manner,\" she adds.\"RTO officials had monitored our preparations for the new academic session a week back. We are awaiting their approval of our safety &amp; security measures,\" says Dr Ravindra Pillai, principal, Cambridge International school. \"It is very important to follow the rules given by the SC and we are all ready for it in the new session,\" he emphasizes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14336947", "title": "Pinki may undergo gender verification test on Monday", "text": "KOLKATA: Arrested athlete Pinki Pramanik is likely to undergo the medical examination to determine her gender on Monday at SSKM Hospital. The hospital has set up an 11 member medical board to conduct the examination on the Asian Games gold medallist.Pinki was arrested last Thursday after a woman filed a police complaint alleging that Pinki is actually a man and has raped her. The complainant was living with Pinki at the athelete's house in Baguiati in the northern fringes of the city.After the shocking allegation that the athlete is a man, the chief judicial magistrate of Barasat ordered a gender determination test on Pinki. Accordingly Pinki was subjected to such a test at the Barasat District Hospital last week under the supervision of North 24 Parganas chief medical officer of health Dr Sukanta Sil. But due to lack of facilities, the test ended with a mere physical examination and a USG of the lower abdomen that could not bring any conclusive result.The court then asked the state's premier SSKM Hospital to conduct the test. The medical board was formed after receiving the order on Thursday. Headed by Dr B Kahali of the forensic department, the team includes a geneticist, a psychiatrist, an endocrinologist, a gynaecologist, a radiologist, general physicians and surgeons.Apart from blood test for chromosomal analysis and genetic stereotyping, the athlete is expected to undergo psychological analysis to test the mental make up of her gender.Ends", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14330960", "title": "Garbage lifting to begin in Janta Nagar, Shimlapuri", "text": "LUDHIANA: Failing to make door-to-door garbage lifting popular in posh areas of the city, the municipal corporation has come up with a new idea to relaunch the project. The civic authorities would now implement the door-to-door scheme in areas where no garbage collectors are clearing the junk.Earlier, when MC began door-to-door garbage lifting from Sarabha Nagar and BRS Nagar, the employees of a private company that was handling the project had to face wrath of those who were already working in areas. The scheme would now be launched in areas including Shimlapuri, Janta Nagar, Ranjit Nagar and adjoining localities, where no agency is currently lifting garbage.Confirming the development, joint commissioner and head of health branch Amarjit Singh Sekhon said they would gradually extend the scheme to other areas. But those living in the areas where the scheme would not be launched are miffed. \"Employees of the private company lift garbage only from dumps only. Sometimes, they do not even clean the entire area,\" said Manish Sharma, a businessman and resident of Dugri. A homemaker and resident of Sarabha Nagar, Tajinder Kaur, said, \"We heaved a sigh of relief when the private company had started door-to-door garbage collection. But the service was stopped due to internal politics in the department.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14326799", "title": "Doctors discuss problems related to Clinical Act", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A meeting of city doctors under the banner of Allahabad Medical Association(AMA) was held on Thursday where the speakers discussed problems arising after the passage of Clinical Establishment Act by the government.Addressing the gathering, state president Indian Medical association (IMA) Dr Ashok Agarwal said: \"the government is making medical facilities expensive for the common man in the same manner as it is increasing the prices of essential commodities including sugar, onion, petrol, pulses, rice and green vegetables. In the name of Clinical Establishment Act the government is forcing doctors to maintain a costly paraphernalia in his clinic and install costly equipment. This would only leave some selected corporate hospitals in the field of healthcare while cheap medical care to the common man would be sacrificed at the altar of administrative corruption and multinational companies.He said that only those who have opted for medical insurance and government employees would be able to avail the costly facility. By doing so the government would facilitate exploitation of common man at the hands of multinational insurance companies. By enacting the NCHRC Bill the government is trying to dissolve Medical Council of India and instead handover the running of Medical Council to nominated persons.In his address, AMA president, Dr Amitava Ghosh said that by introducing a Draconian measure the government would entangle the medical profession in the cobweb of official regulations. This would create disenchantment among youngsters towards the profession which is reflected in dwindling number of aspirants at PMT and other medical entrance examinations.Secretary, AMA, Dr B K Mishra said that medical estbalishments are forced to run from pillar to post to get their organisations registered and now with the introduction of this new measure would further aggravate the situation.The government is trying to hide it's inefficiency in acting against quacks by resorting to such tactics, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14327538", "title": "Laila Khan\u2019s friend with \u2018militant links\u2019 arrested", "text": "MUMBAI: The Jammu and Kashmir police on Thursday arrested Parvez Ahmed Tak, a friend of Pakistan-born starlet Laila Khan who has been missing from Mumbai for a year now. A special team of J&K; police picked up Tak from his relative's home in Jammu early on Thursday and took him to the police headquarters there in the evening. Tak reportedly has terror links.Deputy inspector-general Gareeb Dass said, \"Our team has arrested Tak from a hideout in Jammu. We will book him in connection with the missing vehicle and produce him in court on Friday. We will interrogate him to find out the whereabouts of Laila and her family.\" While interrogating Laila's disappearance, the police suspect that a vehicle belonging to her was used in a blast outside the Delhi high court and that Tak was the last person to use it.A source said the police will also book him for cheating, forgery, breach of trust and criminal conspiracy in two other cases. According to the police, Tak had allegedly cheated a Punjabi woman of gold ornaments, promising to marry her. He had also conned a Jammu resident of Rs 4-5 lakh on the pretext of getting him a government contract.\"The police have told us about Parvez's arrest and will interrogate him about Laila's disappearance,\" said Laila's father Nadir Patel.The police believe that Tak's arrest would shed light on Laila's disappearance. Tak had gone underground since the Jammu police and the Maharashtra ATS started looking into Laila's case. Last year, Laila, along with her family, went missing from her Oshiwara home. The J&K; police said an SUV belonging to her had links with the Delhi blast in September, 2011. The Mitsubishi Outlander (MH02 AY 7867) was found in Kishtwar, a remote village in J&K; last year. This is the same village from where three militants were arrested in connection with the Delhi blast, which was carried out by a Kishtwar-based module of different terrorist groups.According to the police, the SUV, which was abandoned outside a shop, had been linked to Laila's mother Saleena Patel. \"The vehicle was probably used in Delhi to carry out the blast,\" said the police. \"The last person who used the vehicle was Tak, who has reported links with LeT militants,\" said Dass, adding so far, he did not have any evidence to say Laila had any direct connection with a terror group.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14326466", "title": "Warrant against retired jail DG in job scam", "text": "BHOPAL: A special court in Bhopal has issued a bailable warrant against a retired Indian Police Service (IPS) officer and former director general (prisons), Rajendra Chaturvedi, after the economic offences wing (EOW) filed charge-sheet against him in connection with an alleged bribery in the recruitment of jail guards and clerks in 2003.An EOW spokesman said the state's public grievances cell had received complaints from 16 people in 2004 that the then DG (jails) Rajendra Chaturvedi had received illegal gratification to the tune of about Rs 12.45 lakh for the appointments of jail guards and clerks in 2003. Subsequently, the complaints were referred to the EOW, which filed a case against him after preliminary investigations.After long investigations, the EOW found substantial evidence to show his alleged involvement with others to manipulate the appointment process, the spokesman said adding that forms of 14 candidates were also found missing. The EOW sent notices to Chaturvedi to appear before them for investigation but he did not respond to it. Subsequently, an EOW team visited Ranchi but could not trace him, the spokesman said.Later, the EOW filed charge-sheet in the special court, charging the former IPS officer with cheating, causing disappearance of evidence and under the provisions of Prevention of Corruption Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "14328200", "title": "Chain snatcher caught red-handed", "text": "CALANGUTE: Ravi K Teja, 23, a native of Hyderabad in Andhra Pradesh , was on Thursday nabbed red-handed when he attempted to snatch a gold chain from Philomena Fernandes in Mazalwaddo, Calangute.According to Calangute police, Philomena was walking along the road when the accused approached her and attempted to snatch the gold chain which she was wearing around her neck. She immediately raised an alarm and tried to escape from the clutches of the accused. Two young men who were in the area rushed to Philomena's aid and foiled the robbery attempt, and in the process also caught Teja red-handed.The accused was later handed over to the Calangute police, who registered a case. The names of the duo who caught the chain snatcher are Felix Fernandes and Joe Fernandes, both residents of Calangute, police said.Calangute PI Nolasco Raposo told TOI that he has recommended to the superintendent of police that a police certificate of honour be presented to Felix and Joe in appreciation of their selfless act of saving the woman from being robbed of her gold chain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14329591", "title": "Husband moves high court over conjugal rights", "text": "KOCHI: It looks like the Kerala high court has to decide even on the right of citizens to have sex with their spouses. Anil Kumar , a 30-year-old husband from Nenmara in Palakkad, approached the high court this week seeking to restore his right to have sex with his wife.He alleged that his father-in-law is preventing him from meeting his wife and that police is interfering in the issue unnecessarily. Also, police is summoning him to the circle inspector's office and harassing him.According to the husband, his wife had been staying at her parental home in Ayiloor, Palakkad, while continuing her studies. But now, his father-in-law is preventing him from meeting his wife.When police interfered in his attempt to meet his wife, he filed a petition at the family court of Palakkad for restitution of conjugal rights.When the petition questioning police's unnecessary intervention came up before the division bench of Justice K M Joseph and Justice K Harilal, government pleader contended that it should be understood from the husband's petition at the family court that his wife is not willing to cohabit with him. As the issue over conjugal right was pending before the family court, the high court ordered that police shouldn't interfere in the matrimonial dispute between the husband and wife unless a complaint is received from the wife or her father that makes out the commission of an offence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14337329", "title": "Assam flood death toll rises to eight", "text": "GUWAHATI: The death toll in the first wave of floods in Assam rose to eight on Thursday as the situation remained grim in four districts of the state, officials said.Briefing reporters after a review meeting on flood, agriculture minister Nilamani Sen Deka said the affected districts were Udalguri, Bongaigaon, Nalbari and Barpeta which had been affected by the flood water of the Brahmaputra and its tributaries.According to official figures, so far eight persons have lost their lives since last week in the first wave of floods to affect the state this year.While seven persons have drowned in Barpeta district, one was washed away by the swirling water of Brahmaputra in neighbouring Nalbari district, Deka said.Nearly one lakh people have been affected in the flood while a total of 15 districts have been hit by the first wave, he said.The government is aware of the gravity of the situation arising out of flood and is taking all precautionary measures, Deka said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14331134", "title": "Grave digger, pal kill wife-beater", "text": "BANGALORE: A grave digger and his pourakarmika friend have been arrested on charges of bludgeoning a burial ground watchman to death. They ferried the body on a garbage cart for 2km before dumping it in a dried well, police said.Grave digger Raju Subramani, 31, and sweeper Venkatesh Jagadish, 30, have been arrested by Koramangala police. The body of watchman Joseph alias John Peter, 30, was found in a dry well in Mestripalya, behind Koramangala BDA complex, on June 6. He worked as a watchman in Dhobi graveyard , Viveknagar. The body was identified thanks to a blue arm band the victim Joseph sported and mobile numbers scribbled on a paper that was found in his pocket.Joseph, who married Raju's sister, would beat his wife daily. \"On June 5, Joseph beat his wife saying dinner was not good. Raju and Venkatesh tried to intervene but Joseph wouldn't calm down. Raju decided to kill Joseph and sought Venkatesh's help,\" police said.After beating his wife, Joseph went to buy liquor and asked his wife to cook food afresh for him. \"Raju and Venkatesh accosted Joseph near the Dhobi burial ground and bludgeoned him to death,\" police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14327755", "title": "Cow, crowd and commotion", "text": "AHMEDABAD: While the camels and elephants on the procession route behaved well, what came as a shock for the devotees was a cow. It charged at the devotees, resulting in stampede in which five sustained minor injuries.According to eyewitnesses, the incident took place when the procession was going from Raipur to Kalupur. A cow suddenly came out of a lane and tried to get its way. As the procession was in full swing, it did not get space.When cops saw it, they tried to drive it away. The move, however, backfired as the cow charged directly at the devotees, trampling some of them. \"The crowd soon split up and policemen got the cow away from the scene,\" said a local resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14330934", "title": "Heat conditions persist despite dip in temperature", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After a sharp rise of six to seven degrees in temperature on Wednesday, Thursday saw a dip of one to two degree temperature in most districts of Punjab and Haryana. However, the dip in temperature failed to bring respite from the scorching heat as temperature remained around 42.0 degrees and above. According to Chandigarh met department, the temperature came down partly due to cloudy sky and winds.In Ambala, the temperature dropped by 0.6 degrees to 41.4 degrees, while Hisar saw a dip of 0.5 degrees at 43.5 degrees. In Karnal, temperature dropped by 1.0 degrees and in Rohtak by 0.4 degrees. The temperature here was recorded at 41.0 degrees and 43.7 degrees respectively.In Punjab, Patiala saw a dip of 0.8 degrees while Ludhiana witnessed a drop of 2.1 degrees with temperature recorded at 42.0 degrees and 41.4 degrees respectively on Thursday.Amritsar in Punjab and Bhiwani in Haryana were the only two districts which saw a rise in temperature. Amritsar saw temperature rising from 45.1 degrees to 45.9 degrees on Thursday, while in Bhiwani, it went up from 42.6 degrees to 43 degrees.The met department has predicted isolated rain and thunderstorms in some districts of Punjab and Haryana on Friday. The sky will be mainly clear. The department has stated that there would be respite only by the weekend as there is possibility of light rainfall then.Temperature dipDistrict--- Wednesday--- ThursdayAmbala --- 42.0----- 41.4Hissar--- 44.0---- 43.5Karnal--- 42.0--- 41.0Bhiwani--- 42.6--- 43.0Rohtak--- 44.1--- 43.7Amritsar--- 45.1---- 45.9Ludhiana--- 43.5---- 41.4Patiala--- 42.8---- 42.0", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14330594", "title": "President Pratibha Patil goes on mercy overdrive", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ahead of demitting office, President Pratibha Patil has scored a new record. She has commuted the death sentence of as many as 35 convicts to life \u2014 among them are those convicted of mass murder, kidnapping, rape and killing of children.On June 2, Patil gave her pardon to four more \u2014 Bandu Baburao Tidke from Karnataka, Buntu from Uttar Pradesh and Lalchand alias Laliya Dhoom and Shiv Lal from Rajasthan. As a swami of Sadashiva Appana Math, Bagalkot, Tidke abducted a 16-year-old schoolgirl, raped and murdered her. UP's Bantu, on death row since July 2008, was convicted of raping and killing a five-year-old girl.In fact, almost all the convicts pardoned are guilty of the most blood-curdling crimes. Piara Singh, Sarabjit Singh, Gurdev Singh and Satnam Singh had massacred 17 of a family at a marriage function. Gopi and Mohan (Tamil Nadu) and Molai Ram and Santosh (Madhya Pradesh) had raped and murdered little girls.The large scale of presidential pardons is seen as surprising. That is because India has not yet abolished the death penalty.Were these pardons diluting the legal provision through the backdoor? Archana Dutta, Rashtrapati Bhavan spokesperson, said the President was well aware of constitutional provisions as she was a lawyer herself. \"The President only takes a decision to commute a death sentence or reject it after she is satisfied by the advice tendered by the government. The President ensures that the government has put in certain application of mind to give mitigating and extenuating circumstances for their advice,'' she said.Notwithstanding Dutta's assertion, the speed with which Patil has granted pardons would indicate haste. Those shown clemency have been held guilty of barbaric crimes. These appear to have met the criterion of the \"rarest of the rare\" crimes that attract death penalty. While Patil has shown mercy to mass killers and rapists and killers of children, she has not given the same treatment to political assassins like the killers of former Punjab chief minister Beant Singh or Rajiv Gandhi .With the June 2 decision to grant four more pardons, the President boasts of a disposal rate of 200%. In recent times President K R Narayanan received 10 petitions and disposed of only one in his tenure. A P J Abdul Kalam inherited nine petitions with another 16 added in his term, taking the total to 25. He disposed of only two \u2014 rejecting one and pardoning the other.Presidential pardon Article 72 empowers President to pardon, grant reprieve or suspend, remit, commute sentence of person convicted of any offencePresident guided by home minister, council of ministersExercise of the executive prerogative subject to judicial reviewPratibha Patil has granted clemency to 35 convicts \u2014 a record 22 of those killed by these 35 were women and childrenPatil rejected 3 pleasAfzal Guru's among pending mercy petitionsSince 1981, more than 90 have pleaded for clemencyPatil's disposal rate is about 200% unlike K R Narayanan who only disposed of one petition of the 10 he received and Kalam who had a disposal rate of 12.5%Clemency call APJ Abdul Kalam | Had 25 mercy petitions. Rejected plea of Dhananjoy Chatterjee, India's last recorded execution. Commuted one to life. Returned othersK R Narayanan | Sat on all pleas. Used delay as tactic. Received about 10 mercy pleasS D Sharma | Rejected all 14 mercy petitions presented to himSome sentences commuted SATISH | Killed &amp; brutalized Visakha, 6, a UP resident, in 2001MOLAI RAM &amp; SANTOSH YADAV | Raped and killed 10-yr-old daughter of jailor in MP prison in 1996DHARMENDRA SINGH and NARENDRA YADAV | UP duo killed couple and their 3 minor kids in 1994PIARA SINGH and HIS THREE SONS| From Punjab, massacred 17 of a wedding partySHOBHIT CHAMAR | Of Bihar. Jailed for killing 6 of an upper caste landlord's family, including 2 kidsR GOVINDSWAMY | From Kerala, sentenced for murder of his paternal uncle, aunt, their three children over a land disputeSHYAM MANOHAR, SHEO RAM, PRAKASH, RAVINDER SURESH and HARISH | Killed five, including a 10-yr-old boy, over a property disputeOM PRAKASH | From Uttarakhand, murdered retired brigadier and two family membersSUSHIL MURMU | Sacrificed a 9-yr-old boy in Jharkhand for his own prosperityMOHAN and GOPI | From TN, kidnapped 10-yr-old boy, strangled him, got Rs 5 lakh as ransomJAIKUMAR | Murdered pregnant sister-in-law and niece", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14327484", "title": "Joint admission board of IITs to meet tomorrow", "text": "KANPUR: The IIT Council, on the instructions of HRD ministry, had convened a meeting of joint admission board (JAB) to discuss the future course of the advanced joint entrance exam ( AJEE) to be conducted in 2013. The meeting would be attended by the directors of all the IITs scheduled to be held in Delhi on June 23. IIT-Kanpur director S G Dhande would attend the meeting.This development has taken place at a time when the IIT-Kanpur has decided to conduct its own entrance examination and not to participate in the common engineering test or the advanced JEE. The HRD ministry is keen on implementing the CET from 2013. But with objections raised by the IITs, it is ready to make some changes. During the meeting, the preparations regarding the CET would be discussed. The anger of the faculty members of the IIT-Kanpur had surfaced. The faculty members are annoyed that the JAB meeting has been called to discuss about the preparations about the advanced JEE. The teachers would meet Dhande on Thursday and ask him to put forth the institute's decision of conducting its own entrance examination.\"We would also be asking Dhande to keep IIT-K's view that it is too early to implement CET from 2013. Therefore, the HRD and the IIT Council should not bring about a change in the entrance examination before 2014,\" said a members of the faculty forum. The institute is in contact with other IITs on the issue and it is expected that IIT-Delhi, Bombay, Kharagpur and Roorkee would be following IITKanpur in not participating in CET.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "14330354", "title": "Bengal boys to participate in National Metallurgical Laboratory programme", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The popularity of the interactive programme introduced by the CSIR-National Metallurgical Laboratory (NML-Jamshedpur) to promote metallurgy science among high school students has crossed the state boundary. In light of its enormous success, several schools in Bengal have expressed their desire to send their respective students to the city for hands-on training programme at NML.According to information available, four schools from the Hooghly district in neighbouring Bengal have approached the city-based institution to seek consent for sending their students for the NML-schools interactive programme.\"We are still in the process of finalizing the dates for the interactive session of the students coming from Bengal,\" said chief scientist and head, information management and dissemination centre, CSIR-NML, Dr N G Goswami.He said bulk accommodation of the students is an issue for the NML hence it is deliberating with the schools to ensure strength of the visiting groups remains moderate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14328827", "title": "Double murder accused lands in police net", "text": "NAGPUR: Mahadeo Ragit, whose stabbing spree left two dead and three injured at New Kirti Nagar earlier this week, was arrested by Hudkeshwar police in the early hours of Thursday. Ragit claims to have stabbed his victims in a bid to save his own life.Ragit's wild stabbing had led to the death of Ashok Lanjewar and Golu Sawarkar. Four others, all of them Nikhil Lanjewar's friends, were also injured in Ragit counter-attack after he snatched a knife from the hands of one of his rivals.Ragit said that while Ashok, his son Nikhil and his friends were showering blows on him and trying to pin him to the ground, he stabbed them from below. It was Sawarkar who started vomiting blood, which drew the attention of the others to the fact that Ragit was in possession of a knife they had brought to teach him a lesson.Ragit and Lanjewars were neighbours and bitter enemies. The Lanjewars claimed that Ragit's chickens and goats created a nuisance in the courtyard. Ragit complained dirty water from the Lanjewar house would flow into their premises.On the day of the incident, their women folk had a heated altercation which also got the husbands involved. In the evening, Ashok was first thrashed by Ragit. Later, Ashok, Nikhil and his friends went to Ragit's place to settle scores.Ragit slipped away from home after the incident. He purchased vests from a shop before taking a bus to Chandrapur. He slept at the bus stop that night before heading to Rajura in the morning. Ragit had decided to surrender before the cops but assistant police inspector Vinod Dighore's team under senior PI WT Wandre picked him up from a place near Mhalgi Nagar after a tip-off by an informer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14326663", "title": "Woman loses plea over illicit relation charge", "text": "MUMBAI: The high court on Thursday upheld the divorce granted to a man whose wife alleged he had illicit relations with his sisters, saying such allegations were bound to cause him mental cruelty.A division bench of Justices A M Khanwilkar and A R Joshi was hearing a petition filed by Naina Patel challenging a family court's December1, 2011, order granting divorce to her husband Nilesh, saying it was mental cruelty on her part and that she deserted her husband. The family court had said this disentitled her petition for maintenance and separate residence for herself and her daughter.The judges said the decree of the family court ought to be upheld on grounds of cruelty, considering that Naina\u2014in her response to her husband's two letters\u2014mentioned the alleged illicit relations between Nilesh and his sisters. \"Suffice to say the same are serious and disparaging remarks,\" said the judges, adding that she went on to justify that it was made on the basis on her \"inner feeling\".\"The making of such false, frivolous and unsubstantiated allegations against the husband in the communication as well reiterating the same in (a) written statement, and also in the oral evidence given by the wife before the court, was bound to cause mental cruelty to the husband,\" said the judges, adding that it was a clear attempt to \"sully the reputation\" of Nilesh and his two sisters, a lawyer and a doctor.\"That is a good and germane ground(s) for dissolution of marriage,\" they wrote. The judges noted that the family court had rightly concluded that Naina showed intentions to bring \"cohabitation to an end\" and refused to go with Nilesh and his family when they came to take her home.However, the judges quashed and set aside the family court's order disallowing Naina's plea for maintenance and separate residence for herself and their 18-year-old daughter. They directed the court to reconsider Naina's plea afresh.(Names changed to protect identities)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14328680", "title": "A year on, CBI fails to make breakthrough", "text": "LUCKNOW: Exactly a year after jailed deputy CMO Dr Yogendra Singh Sachan was found dead in mysterious condition inside Lucknow jail, his death continues to be a mystery. The case is being investigated by the CBI on the directives of the high court.Sachan was the third senior health officials who lost his life within a span of less than a year. All the three deaths were linked to Rs 5,700 crore National Rural Health Mission scam. Before Dr Sachan, CMO (family welfare) Dr BP Singh was shot dead while he was on morning walk near his house in Gomtinagar on April 2, the same year. And six months before Dr Singh's murder, his predecessor Dr VK Arya was also sprayed with bullets in a similar fashion on October 27, 2010.Five days before the mysterious death of Dr Sachan, the Special Task Force had nabbed three persons claiming to have solved the murder of Dr Singh.Two of the arrested accused were identified as shooters Anand Prakash Tiwari and Vinod Sharma while one was identified as RK Verma, a civil contractor, who was claimed to be the friend of deputy CMO Dr Sachan.The STF had then claimed that Verma had arranged shooters at the behest of Dr Sachan to eliminate Dr Singh. It was only recently that CBI filed chargesheet in Dr Singh and Dr Arya murder case and accused Dr Sachan as one of the conspirators.The investigation into the two murders is still on, the CBI had claimed, to dig out a larger conspiracy behind the two murders of a senior health officials.The death of Dr Sachan, a day before he was to appear before the court in the NRHM embezzlement case, raised several questions. It was probably to put to rest those questions that the state government acted in haste and claimed that Dr Sachan had committed suicide as he was under pressure after the arrested shooters named him as the mastermind behind the murder of Dr Singh.The government claim came at a time when the post-mortem report confirmed that Dr Sachan had eight deep ante-mortem injuries and one post-mortem ligature injury. About a week later, CJM Rajesh Upadhyaya in his inquiry report also confirmed that Dr Sachan was murdered and had not committed suicide. Dr Sachan's family members also made a similar claim.An FIR lodged by his wife Malti Sachan at Gosainganj police station had stated that Dr Sachan had been killed.Later, High Court directed the CBI to probe the case. Since July last year when CBI started probing the case, barring examining over 150 witnesses and collecting over 120 documents, the CBI till now has failed to make any breakthrough. The agency has given an application on May 31 before the high court seeking an extension of two more months.What has made the investigation difficult even for the premiere agency is the fact that it has not been able to find witnesses who could connect the missing links which, according to sources, are too many as of now. Adding to it, the recovery of a note, which initially was thought to be a clue, allegedly by then IG (Prisons) VK Gupta and then the same note going missing further added to the problems for the CBI. The CBI managed to get only a photocopy of the said note. The sources said that the search for the original note might lead them to some top officials in the previous government, who then might throw some light on the turn of the events of June 22, 2011, the day when Dr Sachan was found dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14326401", "title": "IT searches on bizmen premises continue", "text": "BHOPAL: Income tax department sleuths continued searches at many places of two powerful businessmen Dilip Suryavanshi, Sudhir Sharma and their associates across the country on Thursday, the second day in a row and unearthed hard cash of Rs 6.5 crore, jewellery worth Rs 7 crore amassed by two, IT sources said.Besides, the IT teams seized documents about 50 bank accounts, 15 lockers and papers and records regarding huge immovable property running into crores of rupees amassed by them disproportionate to their known sources of income, they added.\"The currency notes are still being counted with the machines. Wads of currency notes have been found,\" an official told TOI. The searches covered their associates and partners, including J. S Walia, Devendra Jain - brother of two IPS officers, besides Bharat Singh, husband of a BJP women cell leader Seema Singh, Raja Ghosh, Sanjay Mehta and others. Apart from these people, Seema Suryavanshi, wife of Dilip and her sons Rohan and Karan involved with him in BDL work are being covered in the searches.\"Our teams wound up the exercise at 37 places of the 60. At remaining locations, it is still continuing,\" an official said. Contractor-turned- billionaire Suryavanshi's flagship company-Dilip Buildcon Limited (DBL) and teacher-turned-local business tycoon Sharma's SR Group files were being searched. The two have reportedly bagged big contracts after the BJP came to power in the state in 2003. Around 700 personnel, including policemen have been pressed into the exercise. Some 30 places in Bhopal were being searched. Places in Indore, Jhabua, Rajgah and Jabalpur in MP, apart from Nagpur, Delhi, Mumbai, Rorkee and Kolkata were searched, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "salem ( tamil nadu )", "code": "14334222", "title": "Woman hacked husband to death for trying to rape daughter", "text": "SALEM ( TAMIL NADU ): A woman allegedly murdered her husband after he tried to rape their teenaged daughter in an inebriated state, police said here today.The 43-year-old man, a real estate business man, had come home drunk last night, picked up a quarrel, and then attempted to rape their daughter following which the woman allegedly attacked him with a sickle, police inspector Rajnikanth said.The woman then telephoned police and informed them about the incident, he said, adding, she has been arrested.They have a 19-year-old son and three daughters in the age group of nine to 13, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "14328956", "title": "Contractors booked for labourers' death", "text": "AMRAVATI: Badnera police have booked two contractors for negligence at the construction site following the deaths of three labourers near Amravati express highway on Wednesday. Labourers Charan Kisku, Rupai Marandi and Lala Kurmi died when soil mound fell on them. Ideal Road Company was carrying out construction of four-lane highway. Police have booked contractors Somindra Pal and Praful Mahadik for alleged negligence at the construction site. According to police sources, the company officers contacted the families of the deceased. But the families showed their inability to come and claim the bodies. The officials have decided to send the bodies to their respective villages in Orissa and Chhattisgarh at the expense of the company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14327689", "title": "Winds stoked Maharashtra Mantralaya's blaze", "text": "MUMBAI: Despite fighting the rising flames for hours, the fire at Mantralaya on Thursday spread quickly due to the wind. A senior fire brigade official said Mantralaya's proximity to the sea posed a problem in dousing the fire.\"The wind near the sea shore is always erratic. Initially, it spread so fast, we had to focus on evacuating people. The presence of naval choppers had a fanning effect. It's known as the chopper ED effect,\" he said.N Y Apte, deputy director, India Meteorological Department, said the wind direction around Mantralaya could not be recorded due to the absence of an observatory there. \"The wind direction differs with the height. We can take a reading tomorrow.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14326589", "title": "\u2018Are infertility &amp; impotency the same?\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: \"How can infertility be on a par with impotency?\" a 65-year-old woman asked the Bombay high court, which was hearing her appeal against the divorce granted to her husband nearly 18 years ago on grounds that she was impotent as she could not conceive.A division bench of Justices A M Khanwilkar and A R Joshi was on Thursday hearing a petition filed by Priya Shinde challenging a Pune family court's October 31, 1994, order granting divorce to her husband Prakash (62).The couple got married on March 25, 1976. While Priya was a teacher in a zilla parishad school, Prakash was a sub-inspector with the excise department on a transferable job. Prakash moved the family court on August 23, 1992, on grounds of impotency, cruelty and desertion. The court granted divorce on all these grounds.On Thursday, Priya's advocate argued that the impotency charge was levelled by Prakash to regularize his second marriage, from which he has two children. He said Prakash had contended that as his wife had not conceived for over 16 years, she should be treated as being impotent. \"Impotency and infertility are two different things. Impotency is defined by dictionaries as the physical incapacity to accomplish the sexual act, while sterility means the inability to procreate,\" the woman's advocate said. \"An impotent individual need not necessarily be sterile nor a sterile individual impotent. Impotency can be grounds for divorce but not procreation of children.\"The husband also did not produce any medical evidence to support the impotency charge, the advocate argued.Prakash's advocate countered that it was \"relative impotency\" as the couple's sexual relationship was not satisfactory. The husband was also required to undergo a medical treatment to conceive a child, it was pointed out. The judges said the arguments and evidence showed that medical treatment was for conception.\"I had been asking her from the day of marriage to come and stay with me. But she refused to leave her job,\" Prakash argued, adding that this amounted to cruelty. The judges then asked what if the woman had asked her husband to leave his job and stay with her. \"Will this amount to cruelty?\" said Justice Khanwilkar. Prakash's advocate replied, \"In the Indian context, the wife has to accompany the husband.\" The judges observed this does not happen nowadays.The judges noted that while Prakash said the date of desertion was July 7, 1982, records showed that the two stayed together till 1992. They also said in the case of desertion, there should be a gap of two years from the date of separation till the date of filing a petition. So, in the present case, the grounds of desertion may not sustain. The judges have reserved their verdict.(Names changed to protect identities)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14334715", "title": "A classical music event in Bhubaneswar", "text": "Bhul gaye sabkuch\", \"Raat ke humsafar\", \"Chalkae jam aap ki\", \"Keya hua tera wada\" \u2014 Bhubaneswar revisited these Bollywood classic at a recent musical event in the city.The event, held at Rabindra Mandap, went on till late in the night. Gulshan Nadeem, Devdas, Arun Kumar, Sharmila, Kumar Vishnu and Mamata from a musical institution entertained the audience with the timeless classics of Mohammad Rafi, Kishore Kumar , Asha Bhonsle and Mukesh. Said Gulshan, \"The Odia audience loves old Hindi songs. I think, Odia people are very much in love with these old songs. They were visibly happy reliving moments from their favourite Hindi movies as we sang those numbers.\" Music lovers couldn't agree more. \"It was a great experience. The performances were very good. The songs got me very nostalgic,\" said Anand Padhee from the audience. Jyoti Prakash Naik", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14329382", "title": "'Dedicated squads needed to curb chain-snatching incidents'", "text": "PUNE: The new city police commissioner, Gulabrao Pol, said here on Thursday that there was need for dedicated anti-chain-snatching squads at every police station to curb increasing incidents of the crime.Pol was speaking with reporters after taking charge as the 30th police commissioner of the Pune police commissionerate. He said, \"In most cases of chain-snatching, it is the two-wheeler pillion riders who snatch chains. We will focus on them while taking action.\"He said chain-snatching crimes were increasing in the state due to the rise in gold prices. \"When I was the commissioner of Navi Mumbai, we had put up boards to alert citizens to the crime at all important chowks in the commissionerate. The board carried tips on precautions to be taken to avert chain-snatching incidents. It was very effective.\"Pol said he has plans to put up similar boards in Pune. \"However, the women should also take precautions while going out.\"He said he met senior officials from the crime branch on Thursday and discussed the issue. Pol also said that only one or two squads were not enough to curb increasing chain-snatching incidents. \"There is a need for such a squad at each and every police station in the city,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14336344", "title": "Reflections: Dreams are reflected in art", "text": "Four young artists have got together for a group show in the city, showcasing all that they believe inTheir works reflect what they believe in. Four young contemporary artists and sculptors \u2014 Smita Rane, Satish Patil, Usha Thapliyal and Kalipada Purkait \u2014 have come together for a group exhibition titled Reflections, in the city, this week.There are paintings, mixed media works, and bronze, wood, and fibreglass sculptures being showcased.One of the exhibiting artists, Smita Rane uses her sculptures in fiberglass, brass and wood to showcase the emotion that victory brings. It is difficult to illustrate a feeling, but Smita has creatively used the concept in her works.Satish's works are all mixed media on canvas and he narrates his dreams and fantasies of his city \u2014 Mumbai. Beautiful bright colours mark his works and talk about the vivid dimensions of the typical city life. Usha Thapliyal's sculptures in bronze illustrate stories. There is a distinct abandon, a fantastical dreamy quality, in the way the woman stands leaning on a tree, while two birds are perched nearby. The strong personality of the woman and her unmistakable joy in her apparent closeness to nature is depicted beautifully. Usha's work is marked not just by her artistic skill and craftsmanship, but also by the great texture and relevant perspectives.Another participating artist Kalipada Purkait's paintings using mixed media on paper shows his mastery with colour. In his distinct works, the artist creates his own world of people. Using his skills, Kalipada has illustrated the typical country life.The exhibition 'Reflections' is on till 26th June at Jehangir Art Gallery, Kala Ghoda, Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14330543", "title": "First town planning scheme in Surat with 18-metre road", "text": "SURAT: The town planning (TP) scheme for Vesu-Abhwa-Magdalla and Gaviyar is unique. All the plots here would have access to an 18-metre road, a first not only for Surat city but also for entire Gujarat.There would be sufficient space for Surat Municipal Corporation ( SMC) to provide all the basic amenities to the plot holders and this would also ease traffic congestion problem in the area. Electricity and gas supply agencies, too, would get bigger space to lay their underground networks.\"This should have been the norm in every TP scheme,\" said a developer.Surat Builders' Association ( SBA) president Velji Shota told TOI, \"This was our suggestion to urban development minister. Our basic idea was that there should be enough space for vehicular traffic in every TP scheme.\"SMC's TP committee chairman Kanti Bhanderi said, \"Our aim is to have uniform policy. We plan to do the same in all future TP schemes.\"Provision for basic infrastructural facilities is made in every TP scheme that is conceptualized. If the reservation ratio is for 35 per cent, then uniformly 35 per cent of the land is taken away from each plot holder.Now with 18-metre road in the whole of TP schemes, no one would lose anything.At least 122 TP schemes in the city are at different stages of approval. The provision of 18 metre road has been made in the 123rd TP scheme.\"If the town planning officers (TPO) want, they can make the provision for 18 metre road in at least 76 TP schemes,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14327486", "title": "HC grants anticipatory bail to Yeddyurappa, kin in mining scam", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka high court on Thursday granted anticipatory bail to former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa , his two sons and son-in-law in a kickbacks case related to the multi-crore mining scam that is being probed by the CBI on the Supreme Court's directive.\"If arrested, the petitioners have to be enlarged on bail on providing a bond for Rs 2 lakh and two sureties of like sum. They shall not leave Bangalore without CBI's permission. They should not tamper/alter evidence. The CBI can seek cancellation of bail if conditions are violated,'' Justice Subhash B Adi observed while allowing two separate petitions filed by BSY, his sons BY Raghavendra and BY Vijayendra and son-in-law RN Sohan Kumar.Justice Adi said since there were no antecedents of the petitioners committing similar offences, custodial interrogation would result in humiliation. Since the petitioners had the benefit of anticipatory bail in a similar (denotification) case, since the investigation is mainly related to documentary evidence and if the accused cooperate with the investigation, custodial interrogation may be avoided, the judge said.However, he refused to accede to the request of BSY's counsel to relax the condition that the petitioners should not leave Bangalore without CBI's permission.The CBI had registered FIR against BSY and his family members on May 15 after the SC on May 11 directed it to probe charges of granting undue favours to firms involved in illegal mining in lieu of donations to Prerana Trust, a charitable trust run by BSY's kin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14336926", "title": "Public Union for Civil Liberties objects to setting up of commission to probe graft charges", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The civil rights organization - Public Union for Civil Liberties (PUCL) has registered its objection to the formation of an inquiry commission to probe graft charges against the Gujarat government.Following an uproar, the Narendra Modi government had last year set up an inquiry commission chaired by former Supreme Court judge M B Shah to look into accusations of corruption in 15 cases, mainly awarding huge chunks of land to industrial houses at a very cheat rate.Justice Shah Commission has already started probing into some of the charges that include allocation of land to the Adani group in the border district of Kutch.The opposition Congress has decided to stay away from the proceedings saying that the charges should have been probed by the Lokayukta, but Modi hastily appointed the commission in order to evade the scrutiny of the Lokayukta. Last year, without consent from the elected government, Governor Dr Kamla appointed justice R A Mehta as Lokayukta, and the issue regarding validity of the governor's decision is pending before the Supreme Court after the HC upheld the governor's decision.PUCL, which has also become one of the participants before the commission, on Thursday made a representation to justice Shah stating that they had primary objection to constitution of the probe panel. PUCL conveyed that the government had been delaying appointment of a Lokayukta in the state since 2003, and just a week before the appointment, the commission was appointed.\"The government has tried to misdirect the probe by appointing the commission instead of filling in the post of Lokayukta,\" PUCL's representation read.PUCL requested justice Shah that the commission should not make any haste in completing its probe and it should grant enough time to parties to go through voluminous documents. \"It should not work in a fashion that gives a signal that it was functioning with preconceived notion. We believe that public money should be utilized with keeping in mind their interest and working in honest and transparent manner. The state government does not take care of all this, and hence presence of a Lokayukta is a must,\" PUCL SAID.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "14327537", "title": "Port city readies flight package to make Tirupati trip a breezy affair", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The Andhra Pradesh Tourism Development Corporation (APTDC) is planning to team up with airline SpiceJet to launch a flight package which would ensure a hassle-free visit to the hill shrine of Lord Venkateswara at Tirumala.The package is tentatively scheduled for launch towards the end of August or early September. However, the monetary details of the package is yet to be finalized by the authorities.The package is inclusive of the Vizag-Tirupati-Vizag flight ticket, accommodation at Tirupati, transportation from Renigunta airport to Tirumala and local pilgrim centres like Srikalahasti, Srinivasa Mangapuram, Padmavathi Temple and other places.The pilgrims will also be provided with food and tour guides with the scheme's USP being a hassle-free darshan of the Lord.The present proposal is being drawn up along the lines of the Hyderabad-Tirupati package which was started one-and-a-half years back in association with Jet Airways .Given an increase in the number of pilgrims from north coastal Andhra and East Godavari, besides from some parts of Odisha, the APTDC is assessing the viability of launching a similar package from the port city.\"Following a good response from pilgrims in Hyderabad and surrounding areas, authorities here submitted this proposal with their seniors in Hyderabad, who accepted the same,\" sources said.On an average, 2,000-odd pilgrims visit Tirumala from this region on a normal day with that number seeing up to a ten-fold increase during peak season.Pilgrims usually depend on the Tirumala Express or special RTC buses unless they avail of the regular services. \"The flight facility would definitely be convenient as there would be no hiccups wither in travelling or finding accommodation. Also, it will ensure a smooth darshan.\"Earlier, pilgrims who missed the darshan on the day of arriving would be forced to wait another day for the same. The flight package would solve that problem,\" said realtor M Srinivasa Rao.\"We have an advantage as SpiceJet operates a Tirumala service which is unavailable only on Tuesdays. So, it is easy to offer the package to interested pilgrims. We are expecting 30 to 40 tourists on weekends and 15 on week days,\" APTDC Visakhapatnam manager RV Suresh Kumar told TOI.Authorities are busy finalizing the fares for the package. Pilgrims could board the flight in the port city at 11am and catch the return flight from Tirupati at 4.45pm. That way, they would be back in Visakhapatnam by 6.20pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14330595", "title": "Drunken drivers, get ready to be \u2018shot\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Drunken drivers, think twice before hoodwinking a traffic cop.UT police will now carry cameras and record proceedings at drunken driving nakas to collect electronic evidence against those who try to outsmart cops. The step has been taken in the wake of incidents wherein youths manhandle or intimidate policemen or stage a drama to escape challan.The police said in such a case, the guilty would not only be challaned, but also booked for various other offences like misguiding a cop, trying to cheat him, manhandling him and even attempt to murder, on the basis of recordings. Earlier, the violation was checked with steps like challan, impounding the vehicle, writing to RLA (registration and licensing authority) and asking them to cancel the offender's driving license, among others. The step has been initiated as of late, many such offenders have gone scot-free even after manhandling cops for lack of evidence.\"Controlling rowdy youths at drunken driving nakas is a problem. They try to escape by giving wrong statements and staging a drama. And there are some who bully cops, but at times, we have no concrete evidence against them. So, we have decided to record the proceedings at check posts. Once we have electronic evidence in hand, then we can add more sections against the culprit and make our case strong,\" Maneesh Chaudhary, superintendent of Chandigarh police (traffic), said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "14330409", "title": "Himalayan Queen coaches get solar power", "text": "SHIMLA: The Kalka-Shimla toy train - Himalayan Queen - has become the first in the country whose coaches have been converted to solar-based power system.Each coach has been fitted with a 100-watt solar panel at a cost of Rs 1.25 lakh with which the coaches can function for two days without the sun and can make two trips to Shimla. The railways will also earn carbon credits through this green initiative.The 96 km-long Kalka-Shimla rail track for the toy train is on the heritage list of UNESCO and the train on this passage passes through 102 tunnels and 864 bridges and is considered as an engineering marvel.Divisional Railway Manager, Ambala, P K Sanghi told TOI that the railways has taken the initiative of using clean and green energy for the Himalayan Queen to spread the message of saving the fragile ecology of the Himalayan state.Railway authorities initially conducted a trial run by using solar panels on the toy train running on the Pathankot-Jogindernagar track. Based on its success, all seven coaches of the Himalayan Queen were fitted with solar panels, railways officials said. After switching over to the solar system, each coach has become lighter by 500kg. It has also reduced the need for frequent maintenance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14329279", "title": "Vadodara to get new Gaekwad king today", "text": "VADODARA: A new maharaja will adorn the 'gaadi' of royal Gaekwad family of Vadodara on Friday.Forty-five-year old Samarjitsinh Gaekwad, scion of the royal family, will be coronated as the king on Friday.Samarjitsinh is the only son of Ranjitsinh Gaekwad who died on May 10. Samarjitsinh, who has two elder sisters, is the natural descendant to the throne after Ranjitsinh who became maharaja in 1988. He is the grandson of Pratapsinhrao Gaekwad, the last ruler of erstwhile Baroda state.The one-hour ceremony will begin at 9 am at the Gaadi Hall in Laxmi Vilas Palace. The new maharaja will assume the 'gaadi' between 9.45 am and 10 am. \"Traditionally, the puja takes place with the successor and his wife sitting on a silver seat called 'bhadraasan'. Samarjitsinh will perform puja and then he will be led to the gaadi hall for performing all ceremonies with his wife Radhikaraje Gaekwad,\" said a source close to the family.He will be declared maharaja after his elder sister Alaukikaraje dips a gold 'mudra' (coin) of Baroda dynasty in the 'kumkum', and applies the raj tilak on his forehead with the sovereign.\"After being anointed as the king, Samarjitsinh will head to Bhagyeshwar Temple in Laxmi Vilas Palace premise and seek blessings at Siddhivinayak Temple in Dandia Bazaar. He will then visit the family deity Khandoba's Temple and then Kirti Mandir - the royal cenotaph,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14328068", "title": "Gujarat assembly's last session to begin on July 16", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat legislative assembly's two-day session, beginning July 17, will be the last before the state goes to poll in December. The session is likely to be stormy as the Congress is bound to try and raise issues it finds meaty.The Monsoon season of the assembly was planned in such a way that the MLAs could take part in the election of India's president scheduled for July 19. An official said that if at all the voting was to be held, the MLAs after taking part in the two-day session would be able to caste their votes on the next day.As per the rules, once the election are declared, the assembly cannot hold session and hence the BJP has decided to hold the session in July.A senior BJP office-bearers said that while the Congress will make all efforts to target the government and highlight the issue of corruption which it has been harping on, the BJP is likely to come up with some important announcements keeping in view the forthcoming election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "hisar", "code": "14330920", "title": "New turn in Bhagana case, FIR against dalit leader", "text": "HISAR: Police on Wednesday lodged an FIR against dalit leader Virender Bagoriya and 20 associates for allegedly obstructing duty by government officials.Bagoriya is leading dalits of Bhagana village, who had left the village last month, alleging social boycott by members of upper caste over a land dispute. They have been camping in front of district headquarters at Hisar since then.However, the district collector has clamped prohibitory orders under section 144 of CrPC in the headquarters (mini-secretariat) area to maintain law and order.The latest case has been registered against Bagoriya and others for allegedly blocking the entrance gate and road of civil hospital. According to a complaint by block development and panchayat officer, Mahender Singh Lakha, the incident occurred on Tuesday when they brought the body of a Bhagana resident dalit, Raj Kumar to the civil hospital. Kumar had reportedly died after consuming some poisonous substance on June 18.Maintaining that investigation into the case is on, superintendent of police, Anil Dhawan said that Bagoriya and others were holding dangerous weapons with them at the time of the incident.However, terming it a \"fake\" case, Bagoriya told TOI that he never visited the civil hospital for the past two months. \"We will meet the inspector general of police to request him for a fair probe into the matter,\" he added.Recently, police had booked 46 activists of Bahujan Samaj Party , including party's Hisar district president, Balraj Satrodia under sedition charges for protesting against chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda in Hisar on June 5.However, the charges were later dropped after investigation by a deputy superintendent of police. Satrodia has also been leading the agitating dalits.Meanwhile, Union minister for housing, urban poverty alleviation and culture, Kumari Selja has assured a delegation of dalits that a fair probe would be conducted into the latest case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14330010", "title": "\u2018More female feticide cases reported in urban areas\u2019", "text": "JAIPUR: Almost nine years back, Razia Begum fought against domestic violence and child marriage and today she is a role model in Ratanpura village in Dholpur. Razia, a victim of domestic violence and one of the girls who came out of the closet early to voice against her child marriage, has not helped in preventing many child marriages but her husband is also assisting in her efforts.\"When I was just 15, my parents married me off. At that time I wanted to study. But at my in-laws place, I faced violence. Even my husband used to hit me. Later, a women organization helped me and now I am helping others to fight against the social evil. Even my husband, who used to beat me, is assisting me,\" Razia said. She was speaking at a two-day workshop on gender-based discrimination and declining sex ratio being held in the city, in which about 75 delegates and representatives of social organizations from Maharashtra, Tamil Nadu, Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh, West Bengal and Delhi took part. The workshop has been organized jointly by Action Aid, Prayatna and Jago Sakhi Seva Sansthan.Not all girls are lucky as Razia was. Asha Singh, a representative of Prayatna said, \"Last month in Morena, Madhya Pradesh, a case was reported where woman faced domestic violence after she gave birth to a baby girl. The in-laws shunted her from the house and did not let her feed the baby girl. Later, her body was found on railway tracks.\"In another case too, a woman who is the second wife of her husband gave birth to a baby girl. But her in-laws killed the child. An FIR was registered, Singh said.International humanitarian organization Action Aid's regional manager for Rajasthan and Gujarat, Shabnam Aziz, said there is a need to go beyond mere sensitivity to deep reflection on the issue. A wide plan of action on the basis of an effective strategy is the need of the hour, she said.She said the sex ratio in the state is declining. Even Dungarpur district which reported sex ratio above 1000 earlier has also witnessed a decline.Chairperson of Rajasthan State Women's Commission, Laad Kumari Jain, said an urgent review of population policy and legislations was essential for controlling the declining sex ratio and preventing gender-based discrimination occurring at all levels in the state. She said cases of female feticide were reported more in the urban areas and among affluent families, sending a clear signal that the problem was not connected with illiteracy. \"We need to identify the reasons for the desire for boys and treating girls as unwanted,\" Jain said.The delegates also lauded Madhu Jatav of Ratankapura village in Dholpur who stopped her own marriage when she was 14 .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14334345", "title": "Asif Ali's Idiots wrap up filming in record time", "text": "At a time when filming often extends the scheduled dates, KS Bava's Idiots wrapped up filming in record time. The film, scripted by Sangeeth Sivan, stars Asif Ali, Sanusha and Baburaj in lead roles and had finished shooting in one continuous schedule of 32 days.Asif informs us, \"It was a movie which we literally ran and shot all around Kochi. My schedule got over in 29 days and the entire movie in 32.\"The actor says working with both Sanusha and Baburaj was fun, and the film is expected to hit theatres during Onam season. Asif, who has wrapped up filming M Padmakumar's featurette, is now currently shooting for P Balachandra Kumar's Cowboy and M Mohanan's 916.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "14330943", "title": "Electronic cards to keep check on pregnant women", "text": "ROHTAK: Jhajjar district of Haryana, which earned notoriety for being at the bottom of the sex ratio chart in the 2011 census, has decided to issue electronic cards with unique ID numbers to all pregnant women undergoing ultrasound tests in the district.Jhajjar deputy commissioner Ajit Balaji Joshi said on Thursday that the e-cards shall help the health department in keeping updated information about status of these women and would prove to be a deterrent against female foeticide. The district had recorded a ratio of 774 girls per 1,000 boys in the previous census data.The district administration has decided to honour the anganwadi workers in the villages of the district that showed improvement in the sex ratio.The deputy commissioner said that the anganwadi workers not only played an important role in improving the sex ratio but also strived hard to ensure that women were benefited under the schemes launched by the state government. The district authorities are now planning to conduct mid-year survey to find out the developments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "14327615", "title": "Govt expands Urban Development Authority jurisdiction", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Virtually making the Vijayawada-Guntur-Tenali-Mangalagiri Urban Development Authority (VGTM-UDA) into a 'greater' unit, the state government has brought hundreds of villages under its jurisdiction. This is the first such major expansion of the UDA after its inception 35 years ago.The expansion of the UDA's jurisdiction is likely to bring the fund-starved urban body more moolah as the government brought several municipal towns in Krishna and Guntur districts under its fold.The UDA, which has control over 217 villages at present, will have its jurisdiction extended to another 631 villages. The government's move would give sweeping powers to the UDA particularly over the gram panchayats in the two districts.In charge chairman and district collector S A M Rizwi had sought the government's permission to expand the UDA's jurisdiction up to Prakasam and West Godavari districts.Municipal administration principal secretary B Sambob, who returned from a foreign tour, issued GO No. 227 on Thursday.While the UDA has control over municipal cities and towns, the revision of areas has brought Nuzvid, Gudivada, Nandigama in Krishna and Sattenapalle and Ponnur in Guntur district under its fold.Ibrahimpatnam, Mylavaram (Krishna), Edlapadu, Krosure, Atchampet and Amaravathi (Guntur) have also been brought under the umbrella of UDA.With vast tracts brought under the UDA's purview, the urban planners would now start issuing plans for layouts and also lay focus on the creation of infrastructure.\"The inclusion of several villages and towns will only help increase corruption in the UDA,\" pointed out Pedakurapadu legislator and realtor Kommalapati Sridhar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "14330347", "title": "Wasepur residents to hold dharna against screening of film today", "text": "DHANBAD: Residents of Wasepur, who have formed the \" Wasseypur Ekta Manch\", have decided to sit on a dharna at the entrance of a local theatre where the film 'Gangs of Wasseypur' will be released on Friday.\"Ye film pure kaum ko badnam kar rahi hai (this film is an insult to the entire community)\" is the common refrain of leading members of the Muslim community in Dhanbad.DSP (law and order) Sanjay Ranjan Singh told TOI that the administration has taken all precautionary measures and magistrates with police force would be deployed at the cinema hall to ensure that no untoward incident occurs during Friday's dharna. \"There is an apprehension of breach of peace and we have taken all necessary steps,\" Singh said.Members of the Manch who are from all political parties,including the BJP , JD(U), RJD and Congress, have appealed to the citizens not to watch the film as it was aimed at insulting the entire Muslim community. The film had obscene and abusive dialogues \"laundiyabazi\" and \"yahan par kabutar bhi ek pank se udata hair aur dusra pankh aapne piche ijjat bachanae ke liye rakhata hai\", said Parvez Akhtar, general secretary of Dhanbad Congress Committee.According to Akhtar, the film suggests people of Wasepur sell their mothers and daughters. \"We, too, are from cultured and civilized families. The film is an attack on the entire community. The film described Wasepur as a place where businessmen with corrupt means and bad reputation stay.\"Javed Khan, Nishar Ahmad and Mohd Sajjad Ansari also released a joint press note asking people not to go the cinema hall to see the film and express their solidarity with the residents of Wasepur. They also requested the administration to allow them to hold their \"legitimate\" protest outside the hall. They expressed the hope that the demonstration would be peaceful. Women from the community too would join the demonstration, leaders of different political parties said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14336348", "title": "Nandita Chaudhuri's solo exhibition starts today", "text": "When you have a mother (octogenarian Bela Sarkar) who paints every single day, despite her age, you don't need to look elsewhere, for inspiration, feels Nandita Choudhuri, an artist of international repute. She is all set to hold her first solo exhibition in the city from today. Excerpts from an interview...Why did you choose 'Titles are irrelevant' as the title of your exhibition?I was thinking continually about for a 'very' appropriate title for my show; both when I conceptualized it as well as when I wrote myself a curatorial brief. Sometimes titles are cheesy and at other times they don't really encapsulate adequately enough the thought processes that are integral to their creation.Everything is labeled; people, objects or situations are judged and labeled. There is the perceiver and the source; where an inevitable gap exists in viewer perceptions and the image in hand, and this gap is often lost in translation.Additionally, an artist always views situations with more sensibilities at play than one. You experience every moment in life using different emotional sensitivities. It triggers thought processes on a deeper plane and one interprets them in differently from perhaps someone else. Translating that essence on a visual format, whatever the medium, is what one is initiating.Tell us about your journey to the West (almost two decades) and back.I used to have a studio in India two decades ago. When I first started working in the London, I had to unlearn everything I was doing. My critiques asked me why I was working with preset parameters of not only medium, content and colours but also questioned why my works were not derived or contextualized from a different plane of thought. I changed, as now a new freedom of expression and a newer format was my canvas. An artist views life situations from a slightly different plane and interpreting that into a visual format is more rewarding for me. My works began to be more edgy. Literal translations, cloning oneself or others, deliberation and making craft was a big no. So was tireless digging into the preconceived or into historical iconography. And yet my core is Indian, and my cultural leanings would definitely creep into my works. Today with a growing nomadic tribe there is a global recognition for 'transnationalism'. Coming back to India, I find differences. The sensibilities are different in a way; and yet I do find myself at home here on a spiritual level. Most importantly there is more commercialization and lesser experimentation. In London we used to paint streets and create bold installations anywhere and everywhere. Innovation unbound and unshackled was the key. I do hope I can be given a fair field to continue enjoy that freedom here.What is this show all about?The technique, methodology or 'style' is consistent. But when you juxtapose diametrically different content into the same set frame the viewer is led through a different visual experience. In half the works I am showing, I have used western concepts and colours. In the rest of the works, I have used some Indian iconographic references and warmer colours - both concepts have been rendered in the same medium. It's experimentation for me, and I'd love to see how the two sit astride and how each half is received.Are you trying to send a message through the exhibition?My message is not as important as the message and impulses that the viewer may have. I prefer that they are left thinking or even provoked rather than just pleased.What thoughts do you think people will be left with when they see your works?There is always an endeavor to create a dialogue. I hope the translations are not too literal and that the viewer is left with their own interpretations. I will have been successful if the viewer is left thinking for a while. I find questions such as 'what are you trying to say here' quite tiresome because once I have said what I want to say, the viewer with be led into my thinking, whereas it would be better if their own experiences solicited a response mechanism giving new meaning to my works.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14330353", "title": "All fire engines rush in after \u2018brigade call\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: At 4:03pm, over an hour after a major fire engulfed the Mantralaya building , the Mumbai fire department announced a 'brigade call' , which required all fire brigades from across the city as well as every other agency to rush to the spot.More than 500 firefighters were deployed inside the building and it took a total of 41 fire engines to bring the leaping flames under control.The BMC said its fire engines reached the spot within four minutes of the first call at 2.46pm about a major fire on the fourth floor of Maharashtra's state secretariat building. However, ministers quickly exiting the Mantralaya building told TOI that the fire brigade took more than 15 minutes to start operations in full swing.At 9pm, TOI got a call from a resident of Sunshine building adjacent to Mantralaya that the fire was still raging on the seventh floor and the snorkels had come down.The BMC had pressed into service 21 fire engines, 11 water tankers and five ambulances . Force One, Maharashtra's elite security force, Black Cat commandos, the Navy, the civil defence force and the city police's Quick Response Team were also called in. At 4.45pm, 20 more fire engines and 13 ambulances were brought in from the Mumbai Port Trust, BPCL, Navi Mumbai and Thane municipal corporations , Dockyard, Mira-Bhayander Corporation, Tata, RCF, BARC and Maharashtra Fire Services.Municipal commissioner Sitaram Kunte reached the spot at 3pm and additional municipal commissioner Manisha Mhaiskar monitored the situation from the disaster control cell.\"At 2.46pm, we got the first call that a fire had broken out on the fourth floor of Mantralaya . Three fire engines and two water tankers reached the spot at 2.50pm. At 3pm, the fire brigade learnt that it was serious and eight more engines were sent,\" said Mhaiskar.Suhas Joshi, chief fire officer along with the deputy chief fire officer, three additional fire officers, 11 station officers and 13 assistant fire officers, too, rushed to the spot.This is the second time that a brigade call has been given since November 26, 2011, when a major fire had engulfed Manish Market, a prominent commercial hub in south Mumbai.Fire hydrants were also used in full force and the Mantralaya tank was used which supplied three lakh litres of water to douse the fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14326473", "title": "Discoms face payment heat, power scare for Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhiites could face a blackout this summer if power distribution companies BSES Rajdhani and BSES Yamuna do not cough up their outstanding dues to state-run generation companies.Following on the footsteps of NTPC, which had threatened to stop power supply to the two Reliance discoms if their dues were not cleared, Damodar Valley Corporation also slapped a notice on the discoms, saying pay up or face a blackout. Adding to the woes, the Delhi government-owned Indraprastha Power Generation Ltd (IPGCL) and Pragati Power Corporation Ltd (PPCL) have also demanded their dues be cleared within two-three days.While DVC has demanded recovery of dues worth Rs 331 crore, the Delhi government-run companies claim the BSES discoms owe them approximately Rs 1,300 crore.The situation could be alarming if dues are not cleared as together BSES Rajdhani and BSES Yamuna supply power to 70% of Delhi. \"BSES Rajdhani Power Ltd and BSES Yamuna Power Ltd have been repeatedly requested by DVC to clear the outstandings immediately or else face the non-supply of power from its power stations,\" a DVC statement said.The discoms have been receiving power from DVC since April 2007 as per the power purchase agreements signed between them. BSES Yamuna procures about 147MW a month and BSES Rajdhani 139MW from DVC. DVC sources said the discoms had not even opened letters of credit with banks, a financial instrument that provides payment guarantee.IPGCL and PPCL own power stations Rajghat, Gas Turbine and Pragati which generate about 740MW power for Delhi. Sources said the government had raised the issue of pending dues with the Reliance discoms earlier this week. Senior government officials said they needed funds to procure gas and coal for the generating plants.The two BSES discoms, however, denied receiving any notice from DVC and blamed \"incorrect tariff\" for not being able to make payments on time. In a statement, the BSES discoms said: \"Delhi discoms, including BRPL and BYPL, have not been able to recover costs incurred for purchase of power in absence of cost reflective tariff for the past manyyears. This has resulted in gradually depleting cash availability, especially on account of the reluctance of banks to extend loans to the power sector in the current regulatory environment....\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14331053", "title": "Renukacharya furious at CM\u2019s probe order", "text": "BANGALORE: In a new turf war with strong undercurrents of power tussle, excise minister M P Renukacharya on Thursday took exception to chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda ordering a probe into alleged corruption and irregularities in his excise department.The probe follows a May 25 complaint by R Dhanraj, general secretary of the Dakshina Kannada JD(S), that excise officials of a special squad were extorting Rs 25,000 from liquor and wine shop owners in the district. The complainant accused the excise minister of being hand in glove with the excise officials in this racket.A Yeddyurappa loyalist, Renukacharya was furious: \"The CM should have consulted me before initiating a probe.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14326868", "title": "Samajwadi Party backed candidates create dilemma for Sangam voters", "text": "ALLAHABAD: All claims of being -- the king's men but the king has owned none -- aptly describes the status of candidates contesting mayoral elections sporting the \"Samajwadi Party supported candidates tag\" even as the electrorate remains perplexed as to who is the real candidate. The situation has arisen in the backdrop of the decision taken by Samajwadi Party (SP) to play the role of fence-sitters in the local bodies election and let the candidates slog it out among themselves.With the declaration of dates of local bodies election, political scene in the city was hot with a number of candidates owing allegiance to the ruling Samajwadi Party(SP) vouching their candidature before the party high command to pit them as official candidates. However, things took a different course after the SP decided not to allot party symbol to any candidates contesting elections for the post of mayor/corporator/nagar panchayat member and chairman.This dashed the aspirations of many who had thought that they would comfortably sail through the local bodies election riding the Samajwadi Party(SP) wave. However, unnerved the candidates still decided to test political waters despite SP support and opted to become a part of the election process, claiming support and blessings of party high command.Out of the 29 candidates in fray for the post of mayor, 4 alone are contesting elections claiming to be SP supported candidates. They include Jamunotri Devi Gupta wife of hotel tycoon and SP leader Shyama Charan Gupta who also served as the city mayor during the 90's.Apart from her another candidate Suman Srivastava wife of former city president, Samajwadi Party, K K Srivastava is also in the fray fighting elections on the symbol of plough.Another aspirant Anju Dubey, wife of senior SP leader Vinod Chandra Dubey, is also among those who are claiming to be SP supported candidate.Her husband a well known name in the political circles had unsuccessfully contested the last mayoral elections in 2006 as SP candidate where he lost to the eventual winner Chaudhary Jitendra Nath Singh of Congress.Likewise former SP women's wing city president and firebrand leader Sabiha Mohani is also testing the political waters under the so called umbrage of Samajwadi Party(SP).However this has created a piquant situation for SP supporters who are unable to decide as to whom they should vote for, said Ramchandra Yadav \"My vote has always gone in favour of Samajwadi Party(SP) but this time now I have remained undecided as to whom to vote for in the mayoral elections.Ultimately the choice would zero on the best among the four\" he said.Talking to TOI, a SP leader, Abhishek Yadav, said \"Instead of claiming themselves to be SP samarthit(SP supported) the candidates should have instead gone for the slogan SP samarpit(Dedicated to SP) which would have definitely sent a positive message among their voters.On the other hand SP district president, Pandhari Yadav when asked on the dilemma of voters said that \"They should listen to the voice of their inner conscience(anataratma) and vote accordingly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14330478", "title": "Chandigarh botanist awarded for invasive plant work", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Most of us remain oblivious to the threat posed by invasive plants growing in our neighbourhood. These could cause serious ailments like allergy, skin irritation and even death, if consumed.R K Kohli, head of the botany department at Panjab University, has been awarded J C Bose fellowship by the Union ministry of science and technology for his research in the field. The fellowship carries an annual grant of Rs 10 lakh for five years.\"These plants affect human health and also upset the natural ecosystem and food cycle. They are both poisonous and allergic. Many of my researches on the subject are going on and would be completed in a few months,\" said Kohli, who had also received Indian National Science Academy, Delhi, fellowship.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14327021", "title": "Exhibition on Vivekananda open for public at Patna Junction", "text": "PATNA: The Vivekanand Express, which is an exhibition-on-wheels, reached Patna Junction on Thursday morning. It would stay on platform number 7 to facilitate the denizens, including the youths, know the multifaceted personality of Swami Vivekananda. Railways is running this special train to mark the 150th birth anniversary of Swami Vivekananda, said East Central Railway (ECR) CPRO Amitabh Prabhakar.According to Prabhakar, the five-bogie fully air-conditioned Vivekanand Express train is presently traversing through different parts of the country so that people can get a glimpse of Swami Vivekananda's life and get inspiration from his philosophy. The special train would be stationed at Patna Junction till June 22 evening. It displays some of the rare photographs of the great saint and also some of the materials associated with his life, he said.It may be recalled that Swami Vivekananda was born as Narendra Nath Dutta in a Bengali family. He was the chief disciple of the 19th century mystic, Ramkrishna Paramhans, and founder of the Ramkrishna Mission. He is considered as a key figure in the introduction of Hindu philosophies of Vedanta and Yoga to the Western world. He is also credited with raising interfaith awareness, and bringing Hinduism to the status of a major world religion during the end of the 19th century. That apart, Vivekananda is considered to be a major force in the revival of Hinduism in modern India.The beautifully displayed exhibition throws light on various stages of Swami Vivekananda's life. From his childhood, he showed an inclination towards spirituality and realization of God. His guru Ramakrishna taught him 'Advaita Vedanta (non-dualism)', which means that all religions are true and that service to man was the most effective worship of God.The exhibition-on-wheels also displays how Vivekananda became a wandering monk after death of his Guru and toured extensively different parts of the country to get first-hand knowledge of condition in India. He later travelled to Chicago and represented India as a delegate in the 1893 Parliament of World Religions. He conducted hundreds of public and private lectures and classes, disseminating Vedanta and Yoga in America, England and Europe. He also established the Vedanta societies in America and England, which is displayed at the exhibition.Meanwhile, the CPRO said a huge crowd turned up at Patna Junction to have a glimpse of the exhibition on Thursday. There is no fee for viewing the exhibition, which is open from 7am to 5pm till June 22, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14334592", "title": "Ram Charan on a roll", "text": "Newlywed Tollywood actor Ram Charan Teja is holidaying with his wife Upasana. He unveiled his humourous side with a post-wedding tweet and a picture saying, \"New life ..new wife.\"The couple have chosen to give the regular honeymoon destinations a miss. After seeking the blessings of Lord Venkateshwara at Tirupati, the couple flew to Vatican. Ram posted a picture of the church saying, \"3days ago in Tirupati and now in the vatican city visiting st.peter's church.thank u God.'Ram Charan Teja is looking forward to resuming work after a brief honeymoon with wifey. His latest tweet reads, \"Takin off for 3days on a holiday wit upasna after a hectic 10days..hope to be back for shoot relaxed and refreshed.\"Hope the marital bliss gives the Magadheera star's career a great boost. Ram Charan Teja's completed the first schedule of his Bollywood debut film, Zanjeer, where he reprises the role of Amitabh Bachchan in its original version. Soon after the first look of the film was revealed, film critics gave a thumbs up to the actor who's touted to be the new angry young man of Bollywood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14335460", "title": "Love music? Punjabi Mania is the place to be!", "text": "Punjabi Music Mania is a vocal training academy officially open to those who have a deep passion for sangeet and want to learn about music and become trained vocalists. The academy is run worldwide!Punjabi Music Mania is lead by none other than the world renowned classical vocalist Nirmal Sidhu, who has dedicated his whole life to music. He has studied to become a Master of Arts in Music at the Pracheen Kala Kander University. It is very clear to all that Nirmal Sidhu is highly trained and skilled in all genres of Indian music, be it Folk, Classical, Ghazal, Qawwali, Shabad (Bhajan) etc and because of his versatility has become a one of the biggest international artists in the music industry. But the beauty of it all is that Nirmal Sidhu does not keep his knowledge and expertise to himself, in fact he has a very strong passion for sharing and teaching others.Nirmal Sidhu has been in the music industry for over 30 years now and not only has he made a huge name for himself but he has trained and launched those who are now considered legends in the Bhangra world! Nirmal Sidhu introduced the likes of Master Saleem, Sardool Sikandar, Hans Raj Hans, Jaspinder Narula, Harbhajan Mann , Sabar Koti, Mohammad Sadiq , Sudesh Kumari, Miss Pooja, Surjit Bindrakhia, Jasbir Jassi, Balkar Sidhu, Sarvjeet Kaur, just to name a few to the world. Not only is Nirmal an expert in Punjabi music, he is a well known artist in Bollywood , and has done music for Serials and TV programmes. Till date Nirmal Sidhu has recorded over an amazing 500 CDs!Punjabi Music Mania gives you the chance to be trained and be under the guidance of a legend. Truly a once in a lifetime opportunity. This academy is like no other as its path of learning is determined by the individual. Not every student will be or wanting to be a bhangra singer and that is why this programme's syllabus is tailored around the individual. Punjab Music Mania offers training not only to aspiring vocalists but to those who are already trained too.Recently Punjabi Music Mania has launched one of their students from the UK. Sarika released her debut single \"MORNI\" on 24th May 2012 which was written &amp; composed by Nirmal Sidhu, music also done by the man himself. The track has received much love and Sarika with Nirmal Sidhu by her side is destined for a bright career ahead. Sarika started her training over a year ago and with a lot of hard work, dedication and the blessings of Nirmal Sidhu has now started her music career.This vocal training academy offers people a very unique opportunity and is truly one of its kind.So if you love music and want to be trained professionally, Punjabi Music Mania is the place to be!Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14327826", "title": "Maharashtra government-run hospitals swing into action", "text": "MUMBAI: As news of fire at Mantralaya on Thursday afternoon spread, the state-run hospitals geared up for eventuality. At least 15 patients were brought in intervals to St George and GT Hospitals and a few were later taken to the JJ Hospital in Byculla. Six ambulances were rushed to the spot to help injured persons.Barring three patients who sustained superficial burns, most of then complained of suffocation. Four patients were discharged by evening, while one Mantralaya employee took discharge against medical advice.CM's public relation officer Satish Lalit (52) and Askok Pisal from water supply department were taken to JJ Hospital after they complained of suffocation, while administration department's public relations officer Kishore Gangurde, who hurt his right knee, was also taken there. All the patients had burning sensation in the respiratory tract and were put on oxygen immediately. Mantralaya employee Hemant Khaire (50) was admitted to the critical care unit of JJ Hospital and is said to be serious .Four policemen, who were on the sixth floor evacuating people, were brought to the emergency ward of St George Hospital with breathing discomfort and burning sensation in eyes. They were shifted to the ICU for observation. Constable Jaganath Devkule (54) said he was rescued by the fire officials through the window. \"The heat and smoke made it impossible for us to see and breathe,\" he said. Acting medical superintendent Dr Jeetendra Sankpal said they were given oxygen, intravenous fluids and antibiotics to relieve them of the discomfort.Two others\u2014Ali Ibrahim (82) and K N Jahagirdar\u2014who had come to Mantralaya for meeting the ministers sustained burn injuries. Ibrahim sustained 15% burn injuries on his back, while Jahagirdar had 10% burns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14331049", "title": "12-year-old boy prevents robbery in Panchkula", "text": "A 12-year-old Panchkula boy bravely prevented robbery at his Sector 10 residence around 11am on Wednesday. Shivam, a Class VII student, was in the bath when he heard the screams of his mother and sister and saw a youth pointing a pistol at their maid's head. Without wasting a minute, he scaled a wall in their backyard and called neighbours. Soon afterwards, the police was called and the miscreant nabbed.Incharge of Sector 10 police post Balwant Singh said, \"Prabha Thakur, the house owner, was talking to a scrap dealer outside her residence. When she was going inside her house, the youth pushed her in and entered the house.He then pointed a pistol at Vaishali, her daughter, who was present there. Scared, the mother-daughter duo shoved him and locked themselves in a room.\" Their help, Pratibha, who was working in the kitchen, came out when she heard the two screaming. On seeing him, she hid herself under the kitchen sink, but the youth noticed her and pointed the gun towards her.\"When Shivam, who was in the bath, heard the noise, he stealthily came out. On seeing the gun-trotting youth, he went out through the rear gate, scaled a wall and raised an alarm,\" the officer added.\"As the neighbours gathered, the youth locked himself in the bathroom. The police was also informed,\" said Mahesh Diwan, who resides near their house.\"As a neighbour broke open the bathroom door, the youth tried to fire at them. But assistant sub-inspector Surjit Singh acted swiftly and pushed him because of which the shot was fired in the air.\"The miscreant, identified as Suryakant of Bihar, 20, has been arrested and a case registered at Sector 5 police station.\"It seems he had done a recce and planned the attack,\" said SHO of Sector 5 police station Nupur Bishnoi\"We are still scared. He had been observing our house since morning,\" said Vaishali, a BA final-year student.Her father, Ajay Thakur, and the elder sister were at their office when the incident took place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14332659", "title": "Mehdi Hassan: The interpreter of melodies", "text": "In a Subramanian household of Delhi, about 25 years ago, a young girl would listen transfixed as Mehdi Hassan's serene voice sang Aye kucch abr . She didn't quite get the insouciance or the manylayered romanticism of Faiz's poetry, or understand why the melody tugged at her heart. Years later, after she turned into a musician, she found some answers as she grasped the great lyrics and cracked the fact that Hassan had used the uplifting raga Gaud Sarang effectively to put his stamp on the ghazal.Like Hindustani classical vocalist Vidya Subramanian, now Shah, few of us knew precisely why we loved Hassan the first time we heard him. How many of us had a clue what ranjish meant when it became the lovely earworm we didn't want to shake off ? All we could figure out was that the poet had had his heart broken and wanted it broken again.\"You just figured out a word here or there and the music did the rest because the words and the melody mingled so beautifully in his music,\" says Shah. \"And the voice...it was so serene. It didn't need any explaining.\"Many of his ' disciples' were singers with other mother tongues. His last concert in India was held, of all places, in Kozhikode, Kerala, reportedly to a packed hall on a rainy evening. He has a huge fan following across the south. Hariharan took a sharp turn off Carnatic training to follow Hassan; the maestro features among Carnatic singer Bombay Jayashri's musical memories, and playback star Srinivas says that the master actually changed his life with his music.\"He enmeshed lyrics and music so beautifully that they did not seem like two different aspects of his music,\" says Jayashri. \"He had a way of picking the best and choiciest portions of the raga to convey his emotions.\"Musicians will tell you there is one key to making an abiding emotional connect with a listener that transcends language \u2014 using the power of ragadari effectively. Hassan did that to great effect. He lifted ragadari off its high horse, kept its form intact but put immense lyricism into it. This was an art mastered by Bollywood composers of the earlier decades.Take a look at Hassan's unforgettable melodies: What but Jhinjhoti could work as well in Navak andaz jidhar or Gulon mein rang bhare ? Only Pahadi could have brought out the endearing diffidence of Baat karni . The melancholy Ab ham bichhde was set to a Bibhas variant.Ghazal singing is interpretive, you could have infinite renditions of the same poetry and none can be called definitive. But from here to eternity, Hassan has managed to ruin Ranjish hi sahi for every other ghazal singer by finding it a perfect fit with the subtly romantic Yaman Kalyan. Any other music would sound like the national anthem being sung to another tune.Mohan Veena player Vishwamohan Bhatt, who ranks Ranjish hi sahi as his favourite, says he can't get over how the total purity of its Yaman Kalyan appeals to lay listeners. \"Classical musicians loved him because he had incredible understanding of raga but would still be so hugely listenable to the aam aadmi . As we say in Hindustani music, Gale mein jawari bolti hai (the base lives in his throat).\"But in the end, technicalities mean little in the appreciation of his music. It was just purely blissful and dissecting its sargam becomes a pedantic exercise. Hassan was born into the Kalawant clan of Rajasthan. Music is instinctive to them though they are trained rigorously in the classical mode.The beauty of this music was that it got you to react from the gut. He sang in chaste Urdu but you didn't need to know chaste Urdu. He sang pure ragas but you didn't need to understand them. It simply didn't matter. You still felt like walking in the air after Gulshan gulshan shola e gul ki , still felt wistful after Mohabbat karne wale , smelt autumn in Patta patta boota boota . And that is a miracle only pure music can pull off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14330147", "title": "FBI report is the first ever proof of Bhanwari's death", "text": "JAIPUR: The much awaited report of the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) confirming that the bones sent to them for testing were of the missing government nurse Bhanwari Devi has given the first ever evidence that the tribal woman is dead. The report, which would be submitted at the trial court in Jodhpur, is expected to tighten the noose on everyone who allegedly conspired in the nurse's abduction and later part of the execution of her murder and disposing of the body.The infamous case hit the headlines since September 2011 when Bhanwari Devi, who belonged to SC community, went missing. Premier investigating agency CBI started its investigations in the case and in its chargesheets they held Congress legislator and sacked minister Mahipal Maderna and Congress MLA Malkhan Singh Bishnoi as the key conspirators.During the course of investigations, CBI sleuths traced pieces of bones that they thought were to be of Bhanwari's from the Indira Gandhi canal in Jadol village. The sleuths had said Bhanwari was murdered, burnt and her bones disposed of in the canal.However, in February this year, forensic experts from the All India Institute of Medical Sciences submitted a report stating that the bones were that of animals. The CBI had then stated that it would wait for the FBI report.\"Irrespective of the fact that some of the accused have withdrawn their statements in the case, they can't expect any respite now as it is confirmed that Bhanwari Devi is dead. The report is going to make our case stronger against all the 17 accused who were not only behind the conspiracy but also in the murder and disposing of the body of Bhanwari,\" S S Yadav, special public prosecutor, CBI cases, told TOI on Thursday.On how the whole investigation will take a new twist after the report, Yadav said, \"Now, it would be easier for us to classify who were the key conspirators, who executed the murder and who all were behind the disposing of the body at the Indira Gandhi canal.\"\"In a murder case, it is necessary to recover a body. There should be specific confirmation of the death. When FSL experts of AIMS in February 2012 stated that the bones were of animals, it was a big set back since CBI had only those bones as evidence of the death, then. But this report will consolidate the charges framed by CBI in the second and third chargesheets,\" a CBI officer said.The CBI's chargesheet had stated that Sohan Lal Bishnoi, Shahbuddhin and Baldev had abducted Bhanwari Devi at the behest of Maderna, Malkhan Singh Bishnoi and Indra (Bishnoi's sister). After allegedly killing the nurse, they handed over the body to Bishna Ram Bishnoi, Kailash Jakhar and Ashok Bishnoi to dispose it of, which was finally made at the Indira Gandhi canal passing through a village near Jodhpur. Fifteen of the 17 accused chargesheeted by CBI are in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14329181", "title": "Mayor orders special meet on water cuts", "text": "NASHIK: After a strong demand by opposition parties to hold a discussion on the water cut issue in the House, city mayor Yatin Wagh on Thursday announced that a special general body meeting (GBM) of Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) on the water issue will be held on Saturday.The GBM of the NMC on Thursday was adjourned within an hour after the commencement of the House. Prior to the adjournment, the opposition parties, including the Shiv Sena, Congress and Nationalist Congress Party (NCP), sought discussions on the water cut issue. As the mayor refused the proposal, the opposition party members stalled proceedings of the House. Finally, the mayor announced that a special GBM of the NMC would be held on Saturday to discuss the water cut issue only.In the beginning, Shiv Sena group leader Sudhakar Badgujar, Ajay Boraste (Sena) , Vandana Birari (Sena), Devyani Pharande (BJP), Vinayak Pande (Sena), Dinkar Patil (Congress), Shailesh Dhage (Sena), Sanjay Chavan (Independent), Tanaji Jaybhave (CPM) and Prakash Londhe (RPI) and other senior members rushed to the well of the House and appealed to the mayor to discuss the water cut issue in the GBM.Wagh said, \"We had already made plans about the water shortage issue. But following the insistence of the House, a special GBM on the water cut issue will be held on Saturday.\"The NMC administration had reported that the storage of the Gangapur dam, the main source of drinking water, was adequate up to July end. Then what led to the water cut suddenly being brought into force right now and what are the measures the NMC has taken in this connection, asked the corporators.The NMC has brought into force around 15-20% water cuts in all its six divisions from Tuesday to avoid water shortage in the future due to low water levels in the Gangapur dam reservoir and inadequate rainfall in the catchment areas of the Gangapur dam. Accordingly, water is supplied once a day in all six divisions, instead of twice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14326723", "title": "Showers damage wheat at centres", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Several quintals of wheat was destroyed during the brief spell of showers on Monday as local officials had failed to make proper storage in time.The maximum loss was reported from Baraut area under Handia tehsil, where many quintals of wheat kept in the open at the wheat procurement centre was damaged due to rains on Monday even as another group of farmers waited outside the centre under rain to store their produce safely but had to return empty handed.As a result, the wheat which they had brought with them for storing was also damaged.Likewise, farmers of Uruwa tehsil also faced the nature's fury when a large quantity of wheat kept in the open at NCCF centre was left to rot in the absence of alternative arrangements to store them under cover.Similar reports were received from Meja tehsil, where farmers, who had lined up outside the wheat selling centre, had to return back in the absence of adequate storage facilities.However, the stock was damaged during return journey when a brief spell of showers accompanied by a duststorm destroyed the wheat kept in the open.Official sources said that district magistrate (DM) Anil Kumar has ordered an inquiry into the incident and has entrusted it to an SDM-level officer who would submit his report within two days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14330013", "title": "Child sex ratio at birth slightly better", "text": "JAIPUR: In what can be termed as good news for the state government, an RTI filed to the medical, health and family welfare department has revealed that there has been a slight improvement in the child sex ratio at birth in Rajasthan.As against figures of 885 of live child birth in the first quarter of last year, a fresh data show that the number of girl child per 1000 boys at birth have gone up to 905 in the first quarter of this year.The figures have been provided by the National Rural Health Mission ( NRHM) under the medical health and family welfare department. According to the figures, in 2011 (from January 1, 2011 to December 31,2011), around 13,89,164 live births was registered with the medical, health and family welfare department. Out of the total 13,89,164 live births, 6,56,031 are girls and 7,33,133 are boys.If compared with the figures of first quarter of 2011, statistics of first quarter of 2012 found that the ratio of girls at live birth has increased. In the first quarter of 2011, total live birth were 3,39,114. Of them, the number live birth of girls were 1,59,207 and that of the boys were 1,79,907. Rajan Choudhary, who filed the RTI, said the sex ratio was 885 in the first quarter of 2011. He also said in the first quarter of 2012, the sex ratio at birth increased to 905. From January 1, 2012 to March 31,2012, total live births were 3,46,668. The number of boys were 1,81,996 and that of girls were 1,64,672 at birth.In March 2011, the Centre had revealed that the sex ratio in the country has declined to 914 (2011 census) from 927 (in 2001 census). Since then, the sex ratio at birth in the state has been increasing, the figures of the department said. In first quarter of 2011, the sex ratio at birth was 885, in second quarter it increased to 886, in third quarter the sex ratio was 894 and in the fourth quarter it was 912. But in comparison to last quarter of 2011 with the first quarter of 2012, the sex ratio at birth has declined by seven points.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14328978", "title": "Mamata Banerjee ignoring House, says Left, stages walkout", "text": "KOLKATA: Left Front MLAs on Thursday walked out of the assembly protesting against chief minister Mamata Banerjee's failure to attend the session.They also protested against the CM's \"failure\" to apprise the House of a new fact-finding committee formed by the government to look into the Shyamal Sen Committee report on inclusion of new mouzas in the Gorkha Territorial Administration (GTA). The committee was formed on Saturday. The Left MLAs then urged speaker Biman Banerjee to request the chief minister to make a statement on it this week. The chief minister is likely to attend the assembly on Friday.This is the second instance when the CM's absence from the assembly came in from severe criticism by opposition MLAs. In August 17, last year, the Left had created an uproar after the government decided to \"put to guillotine\" the budget proposals of several departments under the CM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14335641", "title": "American DJ Mux Mool debuts in India", "text": "American electronic musician and disc jockey (DJ) Mux Mull who kick-started his maiden India tour here says anybody with basic knowledge of computers can be a music artist.Mool, a Brooklyn-based musician, known for experimenting with different genres of music is a popular name worldwide in the category of IDM (Intelligent dance and music).\"A computer has the capacity to kickstart unlimited imagination and idea generation processes in anybody's mind. The features available in any software enable the artist to experiment with them in million different ways with just a click. Experiments are what rule the present generation of electric music and experience follows,\" Mool told PTI.The artiste is in the country as part of Heineken Green Room initiative to promote unconventional artists and music. \"I gave shape to my attraction for low fidelity sounds using video games. Computers are like miracles as compared to them \" says Mool, whose churned out \" Planet High School\" , his most recent mix in February this year.Widely recognized online and in the American party circuit, Mux Mool is described as a 'synthesizer-fidgeting beatmaker'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14328440", "title": "Neonatal deaths at Medical University lead to panic among staff", "text": "LUCKNOW: Allegations that as many as 20 newborns have died at the paediatric neonatal intensive care unit in the past one week due to defective air conditioning system kept the Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Medical University authorities on their toes throughout the day on Thursday. An associated rumour that the deaths occurred in a single day created a panic among attendants and hospital staff.The matter came to light following a query made by some legislators in the Vidhan Sabha on Wednesday. In a written reply, CSMMU officials explained that the deaths were not related to power cuts. Some junior doctors also made press statements in this regard on Wednesday.\"The NICU turns into a gas chamber once the air conditioning system stops working due to power cuts. This suffocates the newborns causing their death,\" a junior doctor had told reporters.Chief medical superintendent Prof SN Shankhwar admitted that the air-conditioners had been tripping frequently due to voltage problems and the administration had asked the AC supplier company to rectify the fault. Shankhwar vehemently denied that the deaths were associated with the power cuts. \"Technically, children cannot die due to non-functional ACs. Meanwhile, we have taken all the remedial measures to ensure that the ACs work round the clock,\" he told TOI.Officiating head of the paediatric department, Prof Shally Awasthi gave reasons for the strong denial. \"Children are normally kept in the warmers for photo-therapy inside the NICU. The temperature of the warmer is maintained at 30-35 degree Celsius. ACs inside the NICU, are installed to maintain a normal temperature, so that the attendants and working staff do not feel uncomfortable. Children will not be affected in case of power cuts,\" she said.A city-based paediatrician however revealed that power cuts pose a life threat to children on ventilators. \"Ventilators do not have a power back up. Children on ventilator support have to be immediately switched over to ambu bags (manual pumping of air) in case power goes off,\" he said. When asked to comment in this regard, Prof Awasthi said, \"Our ventilators are linked to an uninterrupted power supply (UPS) that supports the machine till the generators are switched on. The change over takes less than 3-5 minutes,\" she claimed.The medical university officials also challenged the figures shown in the Vidhan Sabha question. They said that as many as 99 children were admitted to CSMMU's NICU between June 1 and June 20. Of those who were admitted, 21 died due to morbid condition. In reference to the week between June 14 and June 19; 22 children were admitted of whom seven died. \"We have a rate of 3-5 admissions and less than one death per day,\" Prof Awasthi claimed.Meanwhile, vice-chancellor Prof DK Gupta held a meeting with officials of the Lucknow electricity supply administration and stressed on the need for a dedicated feeder for the medical university. The university has already submitted a proposal to this effect a couple of weeks ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14330548", "title": "\u2018Most people don\u2019t boil milk right\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If you think boiling milk again and again will kill germs, then here's a food for thought: it will deprive it of the many essential nutrients.By boiling it the wrong way, many residents are destroying most of its nutrients like vitamins A, D, E and K.A study conducted by the Indian Medical Academy (IMA), Delhi, has found that 51% of the city residents boil milk more than three times before consumption. Fifty-three per cent boil it for more than five minutes and 81% do not stir it while boiling, thus diminishing its health benefits.Like for many others, for 32-year-old Vineeta Kapoor, a resident of Sector 11, milk is a vital part of her breakfast. \"As women are at higher risk of osteoporosis post-menopause, I drink a glass of milk twice a day. I boil it twice to kill germs,\" she says.Dr Pawan Gupta, a consultant at IMA who led the study, says, \"We had conducted the study in Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai, Kolkata, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Pune, Chandigarh, Coimbatore and Ahmedabad. In Chandigarh in a sample of 300 households in urban areas, it was found that most of the women overboiled milk to kill germs, not realizing that it was in fact destroying fat soluble vitamins (A, D, E and K).\"An important dietary source of vitamins D and B12 is milk and its products. \"Vitamin D deficiency results in brittle bones and non-deposition of calcium in bones. Besides milk, only animal fat and sunshine are main sources of this vitamin,\" says Dr U P Singh, a city cardiologist.Re-boiling milk deprives it of nutrients. Dieticians and doctors do not rule out the purpose of boiling. \"High temperature evaporates fat soluble vitamins,\" says Madhu Sharma, a PGI dietician. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14329016", "title": "Trinamool Congress MPs star in musical romance", "text": "KOLKATA: Trinamool Congress MPs Tapas Pal and Satabdi Roy will script a new chapter in the illustrious history of Parliament when they star in a song-and-dance jatra this winter \u2014 perhaps the first Parliamentarians to romance on stage.Satabdi calls the drama 'Mon Bolche Keu Ashbe' (My heart says someone will come) their \"comeback\" and happily admits roping Tapas into it. They are now trying to juggle rehearsal dates around the Lok Sabha calendar.Tapas and Satabdi, who have paired in some of the biggest Bengali blockbusters, are the costliest and most popular jatra stars. Posters of their coming show \u2014 promising to \"take your breath away\" \u2014 were plastered all over Chitpore's Jatrapara on Thursday. Rath Yatra is traditionally the day when all new plays and announced and advance bookings start and going by the rush on Day-1, Mon Bolche is a total sell-out.Newspaper advertisements sparked the excitement in the morning, said officials of Ashirbad Opera, the producers of Mon Bolche. Their office was swamped by fans inquiring if Tapas and Satabdi really had the lead role or if it was a guest appearance. When assured that the MPs indeed were the love-pair in the drama, the crowd went out cheering.Tapas plays a ruffian named Bhooto in the play, and Satabdi a doctor who saves his life. The writer, Pele Bhattacharya, has written stories for Bengali superhits like Khokababu, Macho Mastana, Bikram Singha and the upcoming Om Shanti. This is his first jatra. He says he narrated it to Satabdi, hoping a film could be made with it, but she advised him to write it as a jatra.Apparently, Satabdi was so excited about the story that she planned it as a comeback for her and Tapas. It is a musical comedy, which means a serious dose of naach-gaan to show the MPs as young lovers. For Ashirbad owner Ayan Pramanik, it is no less than a casting coup. \"It is the prime attraction of the play. And since Tapas Pal and Satabdi Roy are spontaneous dancers, the foot-tapping numbers will be a major draw,\" hopes a happy Ayan.The pair will dance to \"at least seven to eight songs\". The play shows them in roles spanning 30 years to 55 years of age. It's not going to be a cakewalk, admits Satabdi. \"On screen, it is easier playing roles spanning different age groups, but not so on stage. It will be a challenge to play a sprightly 30-year-old and a mature, middle-aged person. You cannot depend on make up and clothes to do the trick,\" Satabdi told TOI.The story of Mon Bolche will be different from the usual Jatra Palas that are over-the-top emotional dramas, said Pele. \"It is an upmarket urban musical comedy, which will interest the young audience as well,\" he said. Popular composer Swapan Pakrashi has given the musical score.In the play, Bhootu and the lady doctor have a clash of ideals but then he gets injured and she conducts the life-saving surgery. Interestingly, the hospital where the love story plays out is named 'Amra'. A fire breaks out there, claiming several lives. \"This is bound to remind people of a certain hospital fire in the city. We go on to questions like why hospital fires break out and how at times it is quite deliberate,\" said Pele.Is it then a coincidence that the protagonists are MPs of Trinamool Congress and toe the party's stand on a certain hospital fire? \"This is a creative piece but the audience can choose to draw its own inferences,\" said Pele, hinting that a mobile phone is the turning point of the climax.Tapas and Satabdi will start rehearsing for the play soon. \"It will take a lot of practice to pick up the songs. Earlier, we could both go for daily rehearsals but now we will have to plan them so that we don't miss out vital days when the Parliament is in session. That is now our priority,\" said Satabdi. The play is due to be completed before the Pujas and the shows will start in November.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14328612", "title": "Cops begin tenant verification drive", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The district police have again started tenant verification drive. This is being done to step up security ahead of Mahakumbh.SSP Naveen Arora has directed thana officials to enroll the details of tenants staying in the city and outskirts and complete the exercise within a fixed period.Officials claim that the exercise would yield the desired results in terms of establishing direct communication with police and masses and also keeping a watch on wanted criminals who had been staying in rented accommodation. The cops have warned the landlords of legal action if they hide information about tenants.The thana cops are providing a form to landlords wherein the latter have to give detailed information of their tenants. This would be help the police to maintain records of tenants.More focus is being paid at pockets of Kotwali, Kareli, Attarsuiya, Colonelganj, Dhoomanganj, Cantt, Georgetown, Kydganj, Shivkuti and Civil Lines.The police have sought the assistance of landlords appealing them to co-operate with the police to ascertain the credential of persons having dubious character. As an estimate, the city police has to cover over four lakh houses to compile inputs of landlords and their tenants.The police are also making efforts to enlist the houses being given on rent especially those houses, which were rented out at higher prices. Police said these gangsters usually search for such houses where their activities could never be known by anyone. \"While taking the rented accommodation, they not only hide their identities, but also claim that they are in marketing jobs and had to stay outside for weeks and may be months,\" a senior police official said.SSP Naveen Arora said, \"We have sought public cooperation in making the drive successful and have appealed to people to ascertain the credentials of tenants before offering them accommodation.\"\"With demand for rented accommodation rising in city, it has become imperative for landlords to keep detailed information about their tenants. Landlords should keep a vigil on the activities of tenants,\" said inspector, Daraganj, Chandra Dhar Gaur.Last year, police had carried out surprise checks at various lodges, inns and guest houses and found that many occupants failed to provide their identities, they were asked by cops to appear at the concerned police station with proper documents or face legal action.Officials say, \"Most of the outside gangs operating in city areas hire rented accommodation to operate their activities and offer handsome amount to landlords with an aim to get the rented accommodation. There have been three cases, where landlords were given profit share of criminal incidents and further landlords were booked.\"The tenant verification drive will ensure safety and security of pilgrims who will arrive in the city for Mahakumbh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "14334975", "title": "Corporation standing panel meet put off as leaders join Jail Bharo protest", "text": "RAJKOT: In order to take part in nationwide one-day Jail bharo agitation launched by Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), the standing committee meeting of Rajkot Municipal Corporation (RMC), which generally meet on every Friday, has been postponed.According to RMC officials, now the standing committee will meet on Monday to decide on various proposals. The RMC is ruled by BJP. BJP has on Friday launched one-day 'Jail bharo' agitation across the country during which party leaders and workers are courting arrest to protest against the hike in prices of essential commodities and petrol products.Senior BJP leaders earlier said that all national and state leaders of the BJP have been told to participate in the 'Jail Bharo Andolan' along with party workers and people from every section of society.BJP leaders in Rajkot have also joined the nationwide agitation. \"People from all walks of life are joining in the nationwide agitation against the hike in prices of petrol products and other essential commodities. The common man is suffering a lot from the inflation and the Union government led by Congress failed to arrest the inflation'' said Dhansukh Bhanderi, President, Rajkot City BJP Unit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "bhavnagar/palanpur", "code": "14326704", "title": "Jagannath Rath Yatra passes off peacefully", "text": "BHAVNAGAR/PALANPUR: The 27th Rath Yatra of Lord Jagannath, the second biggest in Gujarat after Ahmedabad, concluded peacefully in Bhavnagar on Thursday.There was no untoward incident in any part of the city during the day even as a large number of devotees continued to throng the 17-km long route of the yatra to get a glimpse of Lord Jagannath. \"Showering of flowers by mini helicopters on the chariots was an added attraction,'' president of Lord Jagannath Rath Yatra Mahotsav Samiti, Bhavnagar, Harubhai Gondaliya said.The Rath Yatra, which was flagged off at around 8.30 am from Bhagvaneswar Mahadev Temple in Subhashnagar, passed through Ghogha Circle, Rupani Circle, Devarajnagar, Radha Mandir, Marine Society, Nilam Baug Chowk, Nirmal Nagar, Jasonath Chowk, Haluriya and Khar Gate.Bhavnagar BJP MP Rajendrasinh Rana and many religious leaders were present when it was flagged off. There were 100 trucks, five jeeps, 15 chhakdas, five horses, five elephants, several 'mandlis' and 'akhadaas'. Trucks had messages on corruption movements, Indian Premier League and terrorism.Over 3,000 security personnel were deployed for bandobast duty. Even closed circuit television cameras had been installed at certain locations.Rath Yatra organizers said over 3 lakh people participated in the event. Rath Yatras were also taken out in various other towns and cities of Saurashtra, including in Rajkot.Jagannath Rath Yatras were taken out in Patan, Visnagar, Idar and many other towns of north Gujarat too on Thursday. \"More than 1 lakh people thronged Patan to have a glimpse of Lord Jagannath at the 130th shobhayatra,\" a trustee of Jagannath Temple in Patan Bipin Shukla said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14331007", "title": "Europe training hub for Chandigarh kids", "text": "Riding high on their architectural aspirations, about 28 youths of a 38-student batch of Chandigarh College of Architecture (CCA) will work on fancy stipends with leading architectural firms overseas. Of these, 22 students will go to European countries, including the Netherlands, Austria, Belgium and France. What adds to their excitement is the handsome stipend being paid to most of them that ranges from 800 Euros to 1,400 Euros per month. From designing power houses to organizing architectural competitions in Europe, their assignments are not only exciting, but innovative too.\"The number of students going overseas for a six-week training is high this year. The firm I will intern with in Europe is 40-year-old and has an expertise in creation of bio-mass plants, wood-fuel power houses and public buildings,\" said Muskan Sajjad, a third-year student who is going to the Netherlands.She will get a stipend of nearly 739 Euros along with lodging facility. \"Till last year, 10 to 12 CCA third-year bachelor of architecture students applied for internship abroad,\" said the college officials. The current batch has bagged maximum paid internships overseas.\"I am interning with a firm that has an expertise in landscaping. This European architecture firm also designs schools and hospitals,\" said Mrignaynee, a BArch third-year student, who is going to Germany. It's not just luck, but consistent hard work of months that has gone into grabbing these offers, the students added. Some of them even applied to over 500 firms in several countries to get good offers. \"I applied to at least 300 firms and later zeroed in on two good offers in Germany and Paris,\" Mrignaynee added.\"The students had tried hard to grab good opportunities. Many of our students are interning overseas... we will be encouraging this trend in future too,\" said Pradeep Kumar Bhagat, principal of Chandigarh College of Architecture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14330524", "title": "Surat civic body plans to replace tube lights with LED lamps", "text": "SURAT: Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) will take up a pilot project soon to substitute street lights with light-emitting diode (LED) lamps which will help save it 40 per cent of energy in the coming years.City engineer Jatin Shah told TOI, \"SMC's energy efficiency cell will take up this project. This will save us at least Rs 5 crore per year on electricity bills.\"Last year, SMC paid Rs 78 crore towards electricity bill. This year, it has made a provision of Rs 91 crore for it. At least 12 per cent of this bill is due to over 96,000 street lights, of which 65,000 are located in the societies. The Surat civic body plans to have LED lamps at the societies in future.A tube light costs Rs 1,500 per piece and works till 7,000 hours. An LED light would cost SMC Rs 4,000 initially but is totally maintenance free. Besides, it works for 50,000 hours.\"In 2.5 years, the money spent on an LED light will be recovered. Thereafter, it will be energy conservation ,\" said an executive engineer of SMC.\"Our pilot project will have 10 LED lights and 10 tube lights at a society in each zone. Both the sets of lights will have different metres. LED lights will be placed in the front side of the society and tube lights at the back. This will give us an exact data of illumination and the energy consumed,\" Shah said.SMC is in the process of inviting seven suppliers of LED lights. They will be handed over seven societies in seven zones of the city for the pilot project. SMC plans to study the result after a month.\"We plan to reduce our energy consumption from conventional sources by 40 per cent in three years' time,\" city engineer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14327637", "title": "Vegetable juices keep Jagan fit in jail", "text": "HYDERABAD: Vegetable juices are what Jagan is mainly surviving on at the Central Prison, Chanchalguda, where he has been lodged. As a special class prisoner, Y S Jaganmohan Reddy is entitled to even non-vegetarian dishes everyday but a fitness freak as he appears to be, he is sticking to vegetable juices. As per his entitlement, he gets his quota of vegetables from outside so that the juices can be made in the special class prisoners' kitchen enclosure.Jagan reportedly is keen on stretching to keep himself physically fit. The prison does not have a gym but vigorous physical exercises, including jogging, are keeping Jagan active. According to prison sources, Jagan devotes at least one and a half hours to reading the Bible, apart from reading newspapers and books that his family gets him.There are 10 others with him in the old hospital block with whom he sometimes interacts but these days he is being more of an introvert, which is quite in contrast to his public life that one saw him during the road shows of Odarpu yatra. Special class prisoners, it may be mentioned here, have an exclusive shuttle court. Prison authorities also provide them with net and rackets during specified hours and the inmates can make use of them.On Thursday, Jagan's family did not show up at the jail as they were told that the three mulakats for the week had already been used. Some politicos, however, came to prison but were not allowed to meet him.Some visitors of former minister Mopidevi Venkataramana had to make do with talking to him in the 'jaali mulakat,' where the visitors can speak only through the mesh partition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14328076", "title": "Vijay Karnataka widens the gap in Karnataka", "text": "BANGALORE: The latest Indian Readership Survey (IRS Q1'12), which records a readership of 34.25 lakhs to Kannada daily Vijay Karnataka (VK), reaffirms its position as Karnataka's No. 1 daily, leaving its rivals way behind. In Total Readership too, VK touches a staggering 79.97 lakhs.VK is not only No.1 among Kannada dailies in Karnataka, but its readership (13.57 lakhs) is more than double the combined readership of all general English dailies in Karnataka. Advertisers will be glad to know that 77% of VK's readers are sole readers. For the first time, any daily (Kannada or English) has breached the 8-lakh readership mark in Bangalore City alone. VK's Urban Readership alone is more than the combined Urban and Rural readership of all general English dailies. VK has more than 19.87 lakh readers in Urban Karnataka.The majority of VK's readers are young: 72% are below 40. With 5.4 lakh readers being graduates and above, VK has the most number of educated readers among any Kannada or General English daily. VK's dominance among wealthy Kannadigas continues with around 9 lakh readers belonging to SEC AB, almost equal to combined SEC AB readership of all General English dailies in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14326820", "title": "Customer stabs egg vendor", "text": "ALLAHABAD: An egg vendor, Ramesh Chandra , a resident of Himmatganj, was stabbed by an unidentified customer in Khuldabad on Thursday.Inspector, Khuldabad, Ram Prakash Bajpai said Ramesh had an altercation with a customer on Wednesday. The matter, however, was sorted out after the intervention of some locals. The same customer again came to Ramesh on Thursday and started arguing over a petty issue. The scene took an ugly turn when the customer stabbed in Ramesh's back with a sharp knife. The attacker then fled from the spot.Inspector added that a case under section 324 of IPC has been lodged and search is on for the accused.Theft: Some unidentified persons made away with mobiles, recharge coupons, cash and other articles after breaking into a mobile shop located at Lal Colony in Kareli on early Thursday. Police have been investigating the case. No arrest has been made so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14337127", "title": "MSU chancellor inaugurates online admission system", "text": "VADODARA: M S University chancellor Dr Mrunalini Devi Puar has inaugurated the online enrollment system for admission of students introduced by the university from the current academic year 2012-13.Dr Puar clicked on the enrolment link on the webpage of the online admission site - msub.digitaluniversity.ac - and officially launched the system.The first provisional eligibility certificate was issued to a student of first year Bachelors of Commerce. After the certificate was issued to the student, a message was flashed on his mobile number regarding the completion of his enrollment process.MSU vice-chancellor professor Yogesh Singh, officer on special duty (in-charge registrar) Dr Amit Dholakia and the coordinator of the online enrollment software and deputy registrar (exam) Darshan Maru had visited the office of the Chancellor to explain her the main features of the new admission system.\"The newly-introduced online and computerized enrollment system will speed up the issuance of eligibility certificates to students, their enrollment and also facilitate the filling up of exam forms. This process will now take less time than earlier days. The software will provide information to the students on timetable, examination schedules, other major events among others on their mobiles and also give them the facility to apply for reassessment or duplicate mark sheet online through their login id and password,\" said Dholakia.The online and computerized enrolment software has been used for the admissions of the first year of the degree programmes in the different faculties in the current admission cycle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14327262", "title": "Aamir Khan opposes FDI in pharma sector before House panel", "text": "NEW DELHI: Generic drugs - cheap yet highly effective - got a push from matinee crusader Aamir Khan who appeared before a parliamentary panel on Thursday to discuss the issue of FDI in the pharmaceutical sector.The 47-year-old actor, who recently highlighted the issue of malpractices regarding the sale of medicines in his TV show Satyamev Jayate, was invited to appear as a witness before the Parliamentary Standing Committee on Commerce, which is examining FDI in the pharma sector.The recent takeover of Indian firms making generic drugs by multi-national companies have raised fears that it will ultimately push up the prices of essential drugs.The Union health ministry's internal assessment suggests the recent buy-offs will reduce domestic availability of many essential medicines that were earlier manufactured and sold by the acquired firms. The foreign MNCs had also raised their share of the domestic market from 15% to 25% five years ago.The actor submitted a report on FDI in the sector, and his support for generic drugs before the panel. Khan after his meeting said certain \"interested parties\" have questioned the quality and \"power\" of such drugs which was not true.\"The regulatory body checks every drug before it is sold. Be it patented or non-patented, branded or unbranded,\" he said. \"The main motive of big companies is to earn more. We understand that.\"The issue here is how the poor get cheap medicine. The companies will benefit if they sell cheap drugs. Bulk sales will lower the profit margins but profit will remain. It is win-win situation for all,\" he said.The actor said other states should follow the example of Rajasthan and Tamil Nadu, which are distributing free generic medicines to the poor after buying them at comparatively lower rates from companies.Panel chief Shanta Kumar told TOI, \"We are planning to submit our recommendations on FDI in pharma sector in the next parliamentary session. India was once seen as the pharmacy of the world till MNCs started taking over our generic drug companies that would increase their prices. Our meeting with Aamir Khan lasted for two and a half hours.\"The PMO has also asked the health ministry to make \"Free medicine for all through Public Health Facilities\" under the National Rural Health Mission a reality.Purchasing drugs alone accounts for 72% of the out-of-pocket (OOP) expenditure. The sharp increase in prices of drugs has been the main reason for the rising costs of healthcare, which more than tripled between 1993-94 and 2006-07.India reported about 40% spurt in all drug prices between 1996 and 2006. The Planning Commission estimates that nearly 39 million Indians are pushed to poverty because of ill health every year.Experts say India has the highest number of US-FDA approved plants outside the US. Most of these plants have multiple approvals from regulatory authorities in Canada, Australia and Germany. India also holds a strong position in producing generic drugs through reverse engineering. They also have a strong distribution network not only at home but in other middle-income countries that are an area of major interest for MNCs.India's public health clinics are already facing a severe shortage of generic drugs.The World Health Organization (WHO) recently found that generic medicines were available only in 20%-40% of public health clinics surveyed. Experts say that low public sector availability forces patients to purchase medicines from the private sector, where prices are generally higher and are not always affordable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14329111", "title": "Bank staffer's wife robbed", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three armed men barged into a bank executive's house in central Delhi, gagged his wife after holding her at gunpoint and robbed her of cash and jewellery worth several lakhs. The incident took place in the Paharganj area on Thursday night.The victim lives on the first floor of a building near the community centre. \"Her husband was not at home when the incident occurred. We suspect that the men entered through the balcony door which was open,\" said a senior police officer.The robbers entered the house around 4.30am, the woman alleged. \"I woke up to a commotion in the house and saw three strangers in my room. As I tried to raise an alarm, one of them shut my mouth and threatened to kill me if I made a noise,\" she said.The men then ransacked the house. They tied the woman's hands and left her in a corner. The victim told cops that the robbers had made away with cash worth Rs 1.5 lakh and jewellery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14326575", "title": "Supplementary students in trouble as online admission won\u2019t get extension", "text": "BHOPAL: Students appearing in the supplementary exam of Class XII are likely to waste their year in Madhya Pradesh even if they clear the supplementary exam successfully.Reason: The higher education department has made it clear that it won't extend the dates for online admission if the supplementary results are declared after the college level counselling. The online counseling will end on July 10.\"We cannot extend the date of online admission after a limit. Supplementary students can apply for admission during the college level counselling,\" higher education commissioner VS Niranjan said. However, he added that the department cannot help supplementary students if they get their results after the college level counselling. \"There would be no scope of taking admission in any college across the state for such students after the conclusion of the college level counselling,\" he added.The state government has been emphasising on increasing the Gross Enrolment Ratio (GER) both at school and higher education levels. The GER is a statistical measure used in the education sector to determine the number of students enrolled in schools and colleges.Students appearing for the supplementary exam termed the move as unjust. \"I was not well on the day of the exam and that is why I have to write the supplementary exam. However, I still have an opportunity to clear the exam through the supplementary exam. An year will be wasted for me if I my results are declared after the college level counselling,\" an aggrieved student, Rishi Saxena, said. When contacted, the college principals in the city also felt that supplementary students would lose a year. \"By the time college level counselling starts, most of the colleges will admit students according to their strength in the first and second round counselling. I do not know what will happen if supplementary result are announced after college level counselling,\" MLB principal, Manjula Sharma, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14319584", "title": "I\u2019m a restless soul: Anil Kapoor", "text": "Being on his feet all the time keeps him going, says Anil KapoorAnil Kapoor hardly ever kicks back or puts his feet up during an interview. He's usually breezing in and out of them during promotions in a sharp suit, keeping himself and everyone else on their toes. This one, in fact, he preferred to give standing up. The actor, who looks much younger than his years and refuses to slow down, explains why both restlessness and appearances are important to him.Why are you standing up? It keeps me feeling alert and alive... I sit down, I feel sleepy. I just want to be standing on my feet, it keeps me going.Are you always like this? Yeah, I'm a restless soul. My children always say, chill dad, calm down. Abhi nahin, hamesha se bolte hain , even when they were little, even my wife. Physically, they say - sit down, calm down, why are you always running around, walking, working? But I love to be on the move, meeting people...Do you do it deliberately, to stay fit? Yes, I think it helps - work helps keep you young and alert, and gives you energy. Work is worship; I believe that.What do you do for exercise? Lately, I've been into yoga, which I'm enjoying thoroughly. I'm doing Bikram hot yoga, which is being in a sauna and doing 27 asanas in the heat, sweating it out for an hour and a half, four days a week. We all discovered it together - except for my younger daughter and my son - Sonam, my wife and I practice it. My son is in America, and Rhea is a lazy one, she doesn't exercise. She is slim, yes, she's lucky that way, but she has to now otherwise she'll become fat (laughs).Are appearances important to you? Yes, for me it's important. Of course, the intellect, the depth, education, humour etc are very important, but in today's world, appearances are also important. Even today, a politician or a banker or a CEO or the president of a country, if he has the presence or appearance, he can grab eyeballs or votes. It's an asset to his overall persona.But these days, it's all about being correct, not judging people by their appearances... It's not a question of judging, it just adds to your personality. You can't ignore it. You don't have to be handsome or good-looking or have great features. I'm talking about being fit. You might be looking the way you look, you can't change that, that's your genes, that's what God wanted you to be. But at least being fit is in your hands. Health is as important as anything else.Do you form an opinion about people based on how they present themselves? I don't form an opinion, but it makes me happy to see others take care of themselves. I think the person who takes care of himself or herself has enough energy to take care of others. Of course, they're more professional and that means that person is conscious enough and has the kind of energy to look after the family, to look after the work he does.Speaking of work, your production company is now producing the Indian version of the TV series \"24\". What was the thought behind starting the company in the first place? I just started with \"Gandhi My Father\" . I loved the script and wanted to make the film, it wasn't that I wanted to form a company. And now I'm enjoying it, so I want to make it grow. Now that I've started it, I have to take it where it should be.How have producers changed since when you started out as an actor? There were many kinds of producers - one kind was like my father, who just arranged for the money and left everything else to the creative people. There were others like NN Sippy, who'd take creative decisions. Now, there are more producers who are active in all departments. It started with Vinod Chopra, in a way, and earlier also; Boney (his brother, Boney Kapoor ) was one of the first of that kind - he started as an AD, an editor, assistant editor, then became a producer, so he had that creative... his inputs would be phenomenal. His knowledge, instinct for subjects, knowledge in music - he'd participate in everything. Now there are many producers who take part in all departments and can drive a film.Was production Rhea's own choice (she was the producer for \"Aisha\", and is now working on \"Herogiri\")? Yes. She again has the capacity to be one of those producers whom you can definitely call a creative producer. Like for \"Aisha\" , she was involved in every department, from music to costumes to script to art direction, marketing...Would Sonam be as good at taking control of a project as Rhea? No no, they're two different people. Sonam is an actress.What does that mean? Well... it's difficult to describe. You know how actors are, in their own world, slightly... space cadets, pampered to a certain extent.You're an actor too. It took me time to be what I am today. All of us, actors who've become producers, we've been successful for so many years, and now we have the experience of watching so many producers and directors. We have a kind of headstart when we start a production company, but it's not easy. You still start from scratch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14329330", "title": "My priority is to regulate traffic, control crime: Gulabrao Pol", "text": "PUNE: The new Pune police commissioner, Gulabrao Pol, on Thursday said his priority will be to regulate traffic, control crime and maintain law and order in Pune.Pol took charge on Thursday afternoon, replacing Meeran Chadha Borwankar, who has been transferred to the state prisons department in Pune.\"My priority will be to regulate traffic, control crime and maintain law and order in Pune. I also want to nurture good relations with the public,\" said Pol, who has earlier served as the special inspector general of police (law and order) in Mumbai.Expressing serious concern over traffic-related issues, Pol who is the 30th police commissioner here told newspersons that he will study the traffic scenario and will take measures to regulate them. \"My main job will be to control traffic and provide more teeth to the traffic branch after taking an overall review of the work done by them,\" Pol stated.According to Pol, \"The number of roads here has remained the same with no scope for widening even as the vehicle population has increased by leaps and bounds. In my younger days, Pune was known for cycles and later for two-wheelers, but with rapid urbanisation the city is now known for four-wheelers.\"When asked to comment about the police commissionerate having requested the state government to provide funds for traffic related works from the fine amount collected every year, Pol said that he will pursue the matter with the government and urge them to arrive at an early decision.On implementing helmet rule, the police chief made it clear that wearing headgears was compulsory for two-wheelers as per law. He appealed to the public to wear headgears as a large number of people were killed in road accidents every year.\"I will create awareness about the use of helmets. I am ready to implement the helmet rule from tomorrow if co-operation is received from the public and the media,\" he stated.\"My tenure will make sure that the police gives the best services to the public. People will get equal justice before law. I will issue instructions to police stations to take prompt action on public complaints. People can approach senior police officials if their problems are not dealt with at the police stations. I will meet the public between 4 pm and 5 pm daily during office hours,\" Pol said, and added that he will also hold darbars for policemen for redressing their problems.He also said he will write to the state asking for gadgets to tackle terrorism.Joint commissioner of police (law and order) Sanjeev Kumar Verma and additional commissioner of police (crime) Anant Shinde were also present at the press meet.Pol was earlier assistant commissioner of police and deputy commissioner of police in Pune. He has twice served as Pune rural police superintendent and deputy inspector general of police at state motor transport department in Pune.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14326618", "title": "Haryana policies frustrating labour, agitations on rise", "text": "GURGAON: The last two years have been rough for Haryana's manufacturers. While the growth figures and profit margins here have gradually declined following a larger nationwide trend, there has been a resurgence of labour agitations specific to this region.Instances of tool-down strikes, mass demonstrations, and at times, mob violence have been occurring with disturbing frequency. According to the local trade unions, the state government's \"anti-labour policies\" and the disproportionately low minimum wages are to blame.This also explains why the need for labour reforms in Haryana, and particularly in Gurgaon, will be listed high up on the agenda at this year's nationwide joint trade union forum, to be held in July. Local labour representatives say that if the labour welfare laws in Haryana are fixed, agitations of the kind witnessed in the past will simply end.\"The state government in Haryana is more focused on privatization, rather than on the issues concerning labour rights and benefits. And this has spawned a new 'contractor raaj,' which has made a mockery of all the existing welfare laws,\" said Satbir Singh of the Centre for Indian Trade Unions (CITU).CITU is holding a separate weeklong nationwide protest from July 2 onwards, prior to the joint trade union event later in the month. \"This will be our national campaign week. And our demand is that the Haryana government increase its minimum wages, adjusted according to inflation. And that it puts an end to contract labour,\" said Singh.Unions have accused contractors of fleecing the workers. Most labourers are not payed the ESI or PF components of their salary, and the contractors are the ones pocketing all the benefit money.That is why the union campaigns are pushing for high minimum wages even for contract labourers. Monthly minimum wage in Haryana for the unskilled category, mostly employed on contract, is Rs 4,847, a figure which is expected to undergo another revision at the end of June. But the unions are demanding a threefold hike, and it is unlikely that the labour department will comply.According to Anil Kumar, the Gurgaon district secretary for the All India Trade Union Congress, the state government should reconstitute the minimum wage advisory board. \"They scrapped the board in 2005. And it isn't fair that minimum wage revisions should occur without a consultation with the workers themselves,\" said Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14335751", "title": "Keep your self-esteem intact", "text": "Stay positive is perhaps the most cliched suggestion to almost every problem. However, to do so isn't easy.At times, we suffer lack of confidence owing to successive failures. However, it's very important to persevere and keep the momentum going. The worst that can hit you is a low self-esteem. There are ways to battle depression and emerge winner. Here are a few ways to keep your self-esteem intact!Don't look back: It's easy to keep blaming oneself for all the failures. Sometimes, failures are stepping stones to success. Stop cribbing and brooding over unsuccessful attempts. There's a way forward. Have the courage to put things behind and move on. After all, every day is a new learning experience.Company matters: When you are going through a rough patch, who you hang around with makes a lot of difference. Yes , you need friends who can sympathize with you and feel sorry for your failure. But those are not the ones who you really need now. Constant talk about how your friend wished that things had changed for better will do no good to your self-esteem. And if self-pity sets in, then that's end. So, always hang around with people who give you positive vibes. Look for examples of those who have emerged winners against all odds.Don't be so critical of yourself: There are too many people in this world to belittle you and make you feel worthless. But it's you who has to believe in your strengths and tell yourself it's not the end of the world. Don't be harsh on yourself. Stop negative feelings and be kinder to yourself and see what a great deal of difference it makes to you. Remember if there's one person who can make a difference to your life, that's you!Indulge yourself: Nothing like pampering oneself. Treat yourself to a movie, get yourself a new dress, try your hand at cooking your favourite dish, listen to your favourite music, chat up a friend \u2014 do all things that make you feel good. This will remove all negative feelings from your mind.Live the moment: History cannot be changed. However, you can ruin the precious present by worrying about the future. Result: No result! Take life as it comes, one day at a time. Try to come to terms with reality and accept and embrace life as is. When you know the past can't be changed, it's better to focus on the present moment and start living.reshmi.ar@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14327117", "title": "Private hostels evade Patna Municipal Corporation tax", "text": "PATNA: The private hostels which have mushroomed in the residential areas of the state capital are dodging payment of proper holding tax to the Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC). Moreover, as the understaffed police stations haven't conducted verification of tenants of these hostels, the security of boarders of these hostels is compromised.PMC had recently sponsored a survey in the city to identify the residential complexes which were illegally being used for commercial purposes. The survey work was outsourced to a Gurgaon-based company, SGS Infotech Private Limited, which was aimed at reviewing and revising the holding tax paid by these complexes.The project, 'Implementation of geographical information system', completed satellite mapping of the area falling under the PMC. Now, PMC officials are visiting the mapped areas with the master design submitted to the corporation.\"There are several residential complexes in the heart of the city where private hostels are being run. But they are evading payment of proper holding tax. In fact, about 2.25 lakh structures have been earmarked which are evading payment of holding tax,\" said PMC commissioner Pankaj Kumar Pal. He added that the hostel owners also pay lower power and water tariffs applicable to residential complexes even though they are used for commercial purposes.On its part, PMC has no power to verify the credentials of tenants or to look into the charges levied from boarders by the hostel owners. City SP Kim said there are several hostels at places like Fraser Road, Nageshwar Colony, Rajendra Nagar, Ashok Rajpath, Patliputra Colony etc. A few of them provide proper security, especially for the girls' hostels. However, she said, \"They don't disclose the charges demanded from each tenant, and even fudge the number of their tenants.\"Earlier, she had directed the SHOs of various police stations to prepare a list of the hostels running in their respective areas. \"I had also asked them to include in the list details of owners of the hostels, but somehow the process is going on at a snail's pace,\" she said. Asked what purpose this would serve, she said the police would be able to reach the hostels faster in case of any contingency.Incidentally, these private hostels fulfil an urgent need by offering accommodation to students, including girls, who hail from different parts of the state but wish to stay in Patna for higher studies or to prepare for various competitive examinations.\"Being a working girl I found it tough to find a suitable hostel at a posh locality. However, these hostels charge prohibitively high fee from working women in comparison to students; yet the standard of living does not match the payment,\" said Nishi, a bank employee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14326565", "title": "CBI may probe CVC Pradeep Kumar in Coalgate case", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a rare, if not unprecedented instance, central vigilance commissioner Pradeep Kumar may be examined by the CBI in the probe into Coalgate referred by the CVC itself.The investigating agency is likely to speak to Kumar in the alleged multi-crore Coalgate scam as the CVC was a member of the screening committee that cleared 15 coal blocks in 2006, highly placed sources said. CBI officials were, however, tightlipped about what aspects he would be questioned.Sources said Kumar was special secretary (coal) in 2006 and the screening committee of which he was a member had allotted 15 coal blocks. Agency officials said they would examine all screening committee members soon. They are presently studying a large number of documents received from the coal ministry and various private coal companies.The 34th meeting of the screening committee took place on September 7-8, 2006 at Scope Complex on Lodi Road to consider the allocation of Ansettipali, Punukula-Chilka, Brahmpuri, Mandla North, Rawanwara North, Sial Ghoghri Lohara East, Kosar-Dongargaon, Warora West (North), Biharinath and Mednirai coal blocks. The meeting was chaired by Kumar and had four other screening committee members.The meeting was attended by officials of the ministry of power, steel, industry policy and promotion and several states including Jharkhand, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra, West Bengal. Officials of firms like Coal India Limited and Central Coalfields Limited and private companies were also present. In the meeting, the applications for these coal blocks were sent to the states concerned for their comments.The 15 coal blocks, sources said, were allotted to companies in the next meeting of the screening committee.Agency sources said screening committee members would be examined to clarify and understand issues involved in allocation of the coal blocks.The agency is inquiring into coal block allocations and misuse by various private companies between 2006 and 2009. It had registered a preliminary inquiry earlier this month, the first step in initiating a CBI probe, against unknown persons in connection with a complaint referred to it by the CVC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "14326718", "title": "Banners hailing Sanjay Joshi surface in Kutch village", "text": "RAJKOT: The war over Sanjay Joshi's posters continues to raise head in the state even after the former BJP leader appealed to his supporters not to engage in such activity. On Wednesday evening, banners of Joshi appeared in Bhimasar village of Anjar taluka in Kutch district ahead of chief minister Narendra Modi's visit to the village to inaugurate a new plant of Indian Steel Corporation.The banners, with Joshi's photo, read: 'Kaho Dilse, Sanjay Joshi Firse'. Ever since Joshi resigned from the BJP, the poster war between the supporters of Modi and his detractor Joshi has intensified with pamphlets and posters targeting the chief minister having appeared in different parts of the country, mainly in Gujarat.As soon as the banners appeared in Bhimasar, BJP Youth Wing members rushed to the spot and removed them. But who put up the banners remained a mystery. Anjar is a stronghold of BJP leader and minister Vasan Ahir.According to sources, IB officials, police and BJP party workers remained alert after the incident. Modi was to visit Rapar, Nakhtrana, Bhimasar and Mandvi.During his day-long visit to the border district, Modi attended four programmes on Kutchi New Year, which is being celebrated on 'Ashadhi Bij'.Earlier this month, during the two-day state BJP executive meet in Rajkot, pamphlets were circulated by people wearing Joshi's mask near Swaminarayan Temple on Kalawad Road. Some of them were detained by the police. The pamphlets, which did not name Modi, said: \"I am Sanjay Joshi, I am RSS volunteer, I do not sell grazing land to industrialists, I do not do massacre for political power, I do not cheat party's line of thinking for becoming prime minister, I do not treat party workers as labourers.\"Also, in Rajkot, Kutch Ladayak Manch, a non-political group led by Kutchi businessman Ramesh Joshi, published advertisements in some language newspapers against the alleged injustice meted out to Joshi by Modi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14328118", "title": "Passport Mela tomorrow", "text": "BANGALORE: To reduce the rush of passport applicants, the passport office in Karnataka has announced a 'Passport Mela' on Saturday, June 23, at the Koramangala Passport Seva Kendra. Regional Passport Officer KJ Srinivasa said that those who come with their applications to him directly will be attended to on a first-come-first-serve basis. The token will be given between 9.15am and 1pm. This special drive is for appointments of fresh applicants who have got an online appointment and also for those who directly walk in for the first time. The applicants are requested to carry all documents required, and also bring in a demand draft of the corresponding amount, depending on the criteria mentioned on the website .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14329222", "title": "Delhi University fitness test takes toll on national chess player for not running", "text": "NEW DELHI: The fitness test continues to take its toll as many Delhi University aspirants had to leave the arena even before the competitive trials could start on Thursday. On Day 3, the trials went off smoothly in almost all the colleges but the fitness test at Indraprastha College left scores of candidates disappointed.Hansraj College continued with the trials from where it left on Wednesday. The college received the largest number of applications for the sports/ ECA quota and, therefore, the trials timings had to be extended by the college in most cases. St Stephen's, too, continued with the trials after a day's gap, while Janki Devi Memorial College started its trials on Thursday.Highlight of the sports trials on Thursday, however, has been the fitness test at IP college, where only a little more than one third of the total applicants turned up as they had to attend trials elsewhere. Quite a few aspirants are seen walking off the test after failing to qualify. The fitness test comprised a jump of 1.5 metres, endurance test of running 1,000 metres in six minutes and 50-metre sprint in nine seconds. A candidate has to qualify in two of the tests.\"This is ridiculous. I missed the 50m sprint by some 0.5 seconds and it's impossible for me to run 1,000 metres in six minutes, that too under this scorching heat. I play chess, I don't do muscle building or stamina exercises for physical sports. So, I am now out of the trials just because I can't run and jump, despite having state- and national-level certificates and experience,\" said a dejected chess player at IP college fitness test while walking out of the field. The candidate, who requested anonymity, now plans to appear for the same test in other colleges.Archery and shooting candidates in colleges like Hansraj and IP, among others, are also seen complaining about the irrelevant fitness test, resulting in their ouster even before they can perform in the actual sport they had applied for.Terming this as an unfair way of elimination, a slightly overweight shooter at IP College said: \"Why do I have to run under the sun to show that I can shoot a pistol or rifle in a range, most of which are air-conditioned?\" Although many college authorities want to accept the fitness test of other college as valid for their trials, none is coming on record or doing so, citing the admission policy guideline by Delhi University. No university official could be contacted for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14335837", "title": "Sadda Haq portrays the bad times Punjab has undergone", "text": "Saada Haq is an upcoming Punjabi movie starring Gaurav Kakkar (Chak Jawana fame), Dhriti Saharan (Pure Punjab fame), Dev Gharot, Yaad Grewal and Pramod Mautho. The movie is directed by Mandeep Benipal and produced by Nidhi Sidhu.Saada Haq is all about the bad times that Punjab has gone through for almost 15 years or so. The story is based on some true incidents that took place in that period of time. Producer Nidhi Sidhu has said that the main motive of making this movie is that such bad time never comes again on Punjab.Shooting schedule of Saada Haq has been finally completed after two months and the movie is expected to release later this year. Source: punjabgold.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14329778", "title": "150 more medical seats this year", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: It is good news for medical aspirants. Around 150 more MBBS seats will be available for admission in Odisha this year compared to last year.The new addition includes 100 medical seats in Hi-Tech Medical College and Hospital, Rourkela, to be filled in through the Odisha Joint Entrance Examination (OJEE) besides the 50 seats in All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) in Bhubaneswar.Director Medical Education and Training (DMET) Dr P K Das said the Medical Council of India (MCI) has already given its go-ahead for 100 seats in the High-tech group's upcoming medical college at Rourkela. \"It is a matter of paperwork before the college officially gets going with the admission process,\" he said.Hi-Tech Group, which already has a 100-seat medical college in Bhubaneswar, has set up the Rourkela institution in collaboration with the Western Odisha Development Council (WODC). The planning and coordination department of the state government had sanctioned Rs 10 crore for the medical college in Rourkela and had provided 25-acre land.The Rourkela college seats raises the number medical seats under the OJEE pool to 650. The counselling could not be started so far because of lack of clarity in the total number of medical seats.Dr Das said though the MCI has given in-principle permanent recognition for 150 medical seats each in VSS Medical College and Hospital, Burla, and MKCG Medical College and Hospital, Berhampur. The Centre is yet to give its final go-ahead. \"We hope the Centre would clear the matter soon paving way for admission,\" Dr Das said. Though last year the two colleges had admitted 150 students each, the recognitions were provisional.OJEE secretary Priyabrata Sahoo said the medical counseling will start soon after the DMET gives it the details of approved seats in different colleges. As reported earlier, the Centre has already announced to admit 50 students in AIIMS Bhubaneswar from the current year through the AIIMS entrance test.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14326637", "title": "Separated twins being monitored", "text": "BHOPAL: Almost 24 hours after the marathon operation of the conjoined twins in Padhar hospital, a charitable multispecialty hospital belonging to the Evangelical Lutheran Church in Betul, the separated kids are being monitored closely.\"Utmost care of Stuti and Aradhna is being taken,\" says Dr Rajiv Choudhrie, superintendent of Padhar Hospital.We are closely monitoring the blood pressure and the functioning of the vital organs of the two kids, the doctor said, adding, this is a crucial period. Except for some minor problems, all major parameters like blood pressure, pulse rate, temperature et al are within the normal range, he says.Immediately after the operation around 8 pm on Wednesday, Stuti was first brought to the intensive care unit and put on ventilator. About 45 minutes later, her sister Aradhna was shifted.\"If all goes well, we may take them off the ventilator on Friday morning,\" Dr Choudhrie said.Condition-wise, the doctor said, Stuti is slightly better than Aradhna.A team of almost 30 members comprising doctors from India and abroad, the doctors from Padhar hospital, especially trained nurses from Delhi and Vellore have been monitoring %the kids.Interestingly, Dr Prabhakar Tyagrajan, an internationally-acclaimed psychiatrist from Boston has been especially flown in for counselling the parents of the two kids- Hariram and Maya Yadav.\"For the past 11 months, the parents have undergone a lot of trauma ever since Maya gave birth to the conjoined twins.\"They need a lot of counselling and Dr Tyagrajan would interact with them to help them overcome the trauma,\" Dr Choudhrie said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14326313", "title": "Common emergency number by August 15", "text": "NOIDA: Help may be at hand soon for people in distress in Noida and Greater Noida, as the Gautam Budh Nagar administration has kicked off the process to start a single integrated number, like 911 in the US, 000 in Australia. Basic services like police, medical emergency and fire department will be available through the number that is yet to be finalized, although sources say it could be 102.Noida Authority, in co-ordination with the Gautam Budh Nagar district administration is getting all set to launch the centralized emergency helpline number and is now creating a blueprint for connecting all the departments. To be launched on August 15, the round-the-clock single emergency telephone number will allow people to reach emergency services.Noida Authority CEO Sanjiv Saran and the district magistrate MKS Sundaram on Wednesday convened a meeting and conducted a detailed inspection of the under-construction multi-specialty district hospital coming up in Sector 30.After the meeting, Saran announced the facility of a common emergency helpline will be ready before August 15 and will be centered at the trauma centre of the district hospital. \"A two-room call centre, which will be fully computerized and high-tech, will be set up in the hospital,\" he said.The common emergency telephone number will be toll-free. \"People will not have to dial different numbers for help in case of emergencies like road accidents and fire mishaps,\" Saran said. \"People will have to dial a three-digit number, a toll-free number without any prefix or suffix, from any phone (landline or mobile) and seek help to get ambulance services within the quickest time at the disaster spot,\" the CEO said.Calls made to the common helpline number will be connected to the emergency response centre, where they will be diverted to the respective departments of health, fire and police. \"This call centre will be equipped with hunting lines and looked after by a 10-member team that will help connect people,\" said Dr Ashok Mishra, chief medical officer of the district.Two ambulances will also be made available round the clock. \"It will be operational before August 15. The number will be handy in dealing with emergencies during natural disasters,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14328272", "title": "Website to track blood stocks", "text": "CHENNAI: Accident victims and patients in dire need of blood transfusion need no longer waste precious time running from pillar to post. All they have to do is to simply log on to the website \"www.tngovbloodbank.in\" to know the availability of the required blood group. With the aim of reaching out to needy persons, the state-run Tamil Nadu State Aids Control Society (Tansacs) on Thursday added a new link in the website, which highlights the availability of blood and specific groups at its recognised blood banks across the state.\"Just as people come to know about the trends in the bullion market and also the current prices of food, vegetables and other essential commodities, we have also decided to make available blood stock position every day,\" K Selvaraj, Joint Director of blood safety, Tansacs, and HOD for transfusion medicine at the government general hospital told TOI.He said that the general public can view blood stock position in 85 government blood banks spread across 32 districts in the website. \"The website contains the phone numbers and other contact details of all government blood banks in the state,\" he informed. As on June, 21, 2012, as many as 5,454 units (one unit is 35 ml blood) of various RH factor are readily available in all the blood banks.The official said the website will also be useful for the people, who can volunteer to donate their blood if they feel that stocks of their particular group is less in the government blood banks.A senior health department official said that in 2011, about 7.10 lakh units of blood were donated by the public, which is 80,000 units more than the previous year.According to World Health Organisation (WHO) projections, blood donation by one per cent of the population of each state should fulfil the requirement. With Tamil Nadu's population estimated at around seven crore, the state has met the requirements.There are nine blood groups --A positive, A negative, B positive, B negative, AB positive, AB negative, O positive, O negative and Bombay OH.According to the government sources, there are as many as 274 blood banks in the state of which 180 are private blood banks and nine of them are central government institutions that collect blood.\"This website will be useful for me to donate blood since my group - O negative - is a rare group,\" Karthikeyan H, a T Nagar area resident said. At present, the availability of O negative from the government blood banks is just 246 units as against the total availability of 5,454 units of various groups.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14326854", "title": "HC issues contempt notices to state government, senior health officials", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad High Court on Thursday issued contempt notices to Uttar Pradesh government and senior officials of hospitals for failing to improve the condition of a children's hospital here despite a court order for the same.The order was passed by a vacation bench comprising Justice Sunil Ambawani and Justice Sunita Agrawal which had taken suo moto notice of a media report a few days ago the \"pathetic\" situation at the S N Children Hospital and set up a team of two advocates which visited the hospital on Wednesday and submitted its report on Thursday.\"We are deeply concerned over the negligent attitude of the principal of the Motilal Nehru Medical College, Allahabad, superintedent-in-chief, Swaroop Rani Nehru Hospital attached to it, head of the Department of Pediatrics, Swaroop Rani Hospital, Allahabad and the doctors/incharge of the S N Children Hospital, Allahabad,\" the court said.\"We find that they have committed gross negligence in allowing the children to die in a pitiable condition,\" the bench said, adding \"we find that the Principal Secretary, Medical Education, UP, is also equally responsible as he too was directed along with the aforesaid officials,\" it added.The earlier HC order was passed on a PIL regarding the condition at the Children Hospital \"to make provisions for improving the facilities at the hospital\".The court also warned if the conditions at the Children Hospital, which is catering to the medical needs of children from almost 20 districts, is not improved, the court may pass orders for disciplinary action against them in addition to taking action in contempt proceedings as lives of children are more precious than continuance of these officers in service. Directing all the officials to appear in person on July 4, the HC asked them \"to file affidavits to show cause as to why each of them should not be punished for committing contempt of the order dated 25.05.2010\".The notice was issued to the Principal Secretary, Medical Education, of Uttar Pradesh, the Principal of city-based Moti Lal Nehru Medical College, the Superintendent-in-Chief of Swaroop Rani Nehru Hospital attached to it and other medical officials concerned. PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14327652", "title": "Mumbai: Junior college online forms can be filled till 2pm today", "text": "MUMBAI: Junior college aspirants, who have made mistakes while filling their online forms, will have till 2 pm on June 22 to make corrections. Officials said even others can finish filling their forms till that time.\"The last date for filling online forms was June 21. This extension is actually meant for students who want to make corrections in their online forms, if any. Most have already submitted their forms. We will stop the process of form filling by 2pm on Friday,\" said a senior official from the office of deputy director of education (school). This year, over 47 guidance centres in the Mumbai Metropolitan Region were set up for students from other cities and boards applying to junior colleges.By the end of Thursday evening, close to 1.58 lakh junior college aspirants had finished filling their forms online. Students are worried about their admissions as 1.49 lakh seats are available for the online admission process. But allaying their apprehension, the official said, \"They have nothing to worry about. A lot of students, who have already secured offline seats, have also filled online forms. There are enough seats for everyone.\" Candidates are also worried about getting seats under the bifocal category as the process has been pushed offline and individual colleges will assign seats based on merit.Institutes with minority status are supposed to finish admissions to the minority quota by Saturday. \"Colleges will have to declare their vacancies by Saturday evening. The seats will then be converted and added to the online admission process,\" said the official. Minority institutes have already put up their second list for admission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14330987", "title": "Mothers encourage kids to exhibit talent at show", "text": "LUDHIANA: Mothers at the Aarsee Ladies Club put up a show on Thursday to let their children exhibit their talent and bring out the artist in them. The kids had a gala time singing, dancing, playing musical instruments and participating in a fancy dress competition.Club president Pinki Kalra said they came up with the plan of organizing this function as the kids are free during summer vacations. \"We didn't want them to compete but just perform to give their best at whatever they like to perform. Results after a competition leave some kids disappointed,\" she added. Every child was give a appreciation gift to keep them smiling. \"Such performances instill confidence among kids and groom their talent,\" said Pinky.Model Town resident Gurnoor Kaur, a three-year-old girl, stunned the club members with her performance on the song 'Jalebi Bai'. She said she was excited to perform this dance and felt very happy when people applauded after her performance. Two-year-old Harshdeep Singh from Model Town participated in the fancy dress dressed in traditional Sikh clothes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14328755", "title": "Cashless treatment for road accident victims from August", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government will roll out the country's first project for cashless treatment of road accident victims in August on the Pathankot-Amritsar stretch - the national highway linking the Golden Temple and Vaishno Devi. In this pilot project, the government will bear all medical expenses during the first 48 hours of hospitalization of road accident victims.Road transport and highways ministry, which will implement the scheme across the country, claims it will ensure \"right to emergency care for all road accident victims\". Before country-wide rollout of the project on all NHs, the government will run five such pilot projects.The government is undertaking the first pilot project on the 108-km stretch of NH-15 which is used by around 75,000 vehicles every day on their way to Vaishno Devi and there is one bus every 1.5 minutes. Moreover, four laning of the stretch is underway and it has mixed traffic including tractor trailers and horse carts. Between April 2011 and March 2012, this road recorded 2,410 accidents.Since a substantial number of victims are pilgrims, they have no local contact to help them in case of accidents, which is crucial for recovery. The government has fixed Rs 30,000 ceiling for reimbursement. In case the victim stays in hospital for three more days, the hospital will charge 'discounted' treatment amount as per Central Government Health Scheme (CGHS) or AIIMS norms.A third party administrator -- nationalized insurance company -- will operate and monitor the scheme including recouping of medical expenses from the insurer of the vehicle.\"Our aim is to save lives by providing ambulances at short intervals, tie-up with closest hospital so that victims get immediate care during golden hour,\" said MoS (highways) Jitin Prasada.The government is working out the seed capital for the project. \"When we roll out the plan for the entire country, we have to bid out the projects, may be region-wise,\" said joint secretary (road transport) Nitin Gokarn. Once the system - network of Nehru Yuva Kendra volunteers, call centres, ambulances and hospitals - is in place, the response time of ambulances will come down to 10 minutes from the present 17 minutes.NHAI will place signboards at frequent intervals which will have the phone numbers of volunteers/call centres and ambulances.Giving details of the scheme, a ministry official said they had identified Nehru Yuva Kendra volunteers who would get trauma care training so that they become the first responders to accident sites. As soon as the call centre receives an emergency call, it will pass the information to volunteers, ambulance, hospital, rescue vehicle and police.Whoever reaches first will provide first aid to victims. He will click a photograph of the accident and upload it on the server that can be accessed by hospitals to ascertain the accident. Punjab government has told the Centre that there are 231 hospitals, clinics and nursing homes along the Pathankot-Amritsar stretch and they would issue a notification directing them to admit all cases relating to road accidents immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14328762", "title": "Gold ornaments stolen from former DGP's car", "text": "PUNE: Minutes after retired state director general of police Rajendrasingh Negi took out gold ornaments from his bank locker and put the bag containing the jewellery on the rear seat of his car, an unidentified man broke the rear windowpane of the car and escaped with the bag. The incident took place near Signature hotel at Kondhwa around 11 am on Thursday.Assistant commissioner of police (Wanowrie division) Vitthal Pawar said that Negi, who was a DGP with the state anti-corruption bureau, had gone to State Bank of Hyderabad in Kondhwa to take out the jewellery which is estimated to cost Rs 25 lakh.Pawar said that Negi, a resident of Clover Hills in Undri, packed the ornaments in a handbag and kept it on the rear seat of his car. He then drove to a distance and parked the car nearby to make some purchases. As soon as he left the car, an unidentified person broke the window glass with a hard object and fled with the bag containing the ornaments. Negi has registered a case with the Kondhwa police station.The new Pune police commissioner, Gulabrao Pol, said the police are examining the CCTV footage of the bank for clues. He assured that the case will be solved at the earliest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14329412", "title": "Presidential poll: Left split over support to Pranab Mukherjee", "text": "NEW DELHI: After NDA, the Left Front on Thursday was split down the middle over supporting Congress candidate Pranab Mukherjee for the President's post. CPM and Forward Bloc decided to vote for Mukherjee, but CPI and RSP will abstain from the presidential election to be held on July 19. The Left parties have 5% votes in the 4,896-member electoral college.After an hour-long meeting at CPM headquarters in Delhi, the four Left parties \"agreed to disagree\". The meeting was attended by CPM's Prakash Karat and Sitaram Yechury, A B Bardhan, Gurudas Dasgupta and D Raja of CPI, Debabrata Biswas and G Deverajan of Forward Bloc and T J Chandrachoodan of RSP.The CPM, too, was divided on the question of supporting Mukherjee at its politburo meeting on Thursday morning. CPM leaders, especially from Kerala, were opposed to Mukherjee.For the first time since 1996, Bengal CPM leaders got their way. The Bengal brigade comprising four leaders in the 15-member politburo led the charge. They were joined by Yechury, Tripura chief minister Manik Sarkar and K Varadarajan from Tamil Nadu. CPM general secretary Prakash Karat, too, believed supporting Mukherjee would make \"tactical sense\". Arch rival Trinamool Congress' staunch opposition to Mukherjee was an important factor for the CPM.But a letter from former West Bengal chief minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee, who did not attend the meeting, speaking strongly for Mukherjee swung the CPM in his favour.Karat said, \"We decided to support the candidate who has the widest acceptance. Since 1992, we supported Congress candidates though we were opposed to their policies. We will continue to UPA's oppose neo-liberal policies.\"Forward Bloc backed Mukherjee as it could drive a wedge between the Congress and the Trinamool. \"Besides, he has the widest possible acceptance,\" FB leader Debabrata Biswas said.But CPI leaders did not buy the argument. \"We don't support UPA's neo-liberal economic policy. We don't differentiate between the Congress and Pranab Mukherjee. He is the architect of the policy,\" CPI's Bardhan said.Though RSP has two MPs and 13 MLAs, the party decided to differ with its allies. RSP general secretary Chandrachoodan said, \"It's not a question of numbers, but principle. We found it unethical to vote for candidates of both Congress and BJP. We have been protesting UPA's anti-people policies and rampant corruption.\"Karat admitted the Left parties could not come to an agreement on the issue. \"We also consulted non-Congress, secular parties like the TDP and JD(S) and took their views into account before taking a decision.\"This is, perhaps, the first time since the 1990s that fissures in the Left came out in the open though its leaders have been harping on Left unity as their priority.CPI leader Gurudas Dasgupta, \"Presidential election is a political election. We can't look at it divorced from political and economic reality. When we are fighting the government on the streets, we can't support its candidate.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "14330547", "title": "Bank robbery mastermind arrested", "text": "ITANAGAR: Arunachal Pradesh Police arrested the mastermind of last year's Axis Bank ATM robbery case and recovered a huge cache of arms and ammunition from his possession.Acting on a tip-off, a team of police, headed by Naharlagun police station OC Susen Techi, arrested Hiba Tajuk from here on Tuesday night, Capital SP Hibu Tamang said here on Thursday. Tajuk is a resident of Hiba village under Sangram circle in Kurung Kumey district.Tajuk was the mastermind in the theft of Rs 22 lakh from Axis Bank staff at anATM here. He admitted to his involvement in the heist and possession of illegal arms and ammunition.Tajuk was remanded in 14 days police custody after being produced in a local court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14329576", "title": "Kovai Coutralam reopens on July 1", "text": "COIMBATORE: Closed for more than three months due to inadequate water and the presence of wild animals including elephants, Kovai Coutralam, the magnificent water falls near Siruvani, will be reopened on July 1. Thanks to the South West Monsoon, the water supply has increased, prompting the forest department to reopen it.\"The water flow has been increasing for the last one week. As the monsoon is likely to get stronger in the coming days, we hope the water falls would be ready for visitors from July 1,'' says Divisional Forest Officer V Thirunavukarasu.Department officials are also in the process of improving facilities near the water falls including seating arrangements and separate safe bathing facilities for men and women. To avoid risk, forest guards trained to deal with tourists would also be deployed near the falls.\"The decision to reopen water falls is a welcome relief. I wish to go there with my family during the first week of July itself,\" says V Ashok Kumar, a software engineer in the city.At least 300 people visit the falls on normal days and it goes up to 700 during the weekends. S Vetrichelvam, a cab driver at Velandipalayam says that he brings many tourists to the scenic spot whenever the falling water gushes down. \"I often bring tourists here. There's not much else one can do in the city. We have a small zoo and a few temples. We need more options for entertainment,\" he said.Very soon an elephant safari facility will come up at Chadivayal. The forest department has availed two kumki elephants for the Chadivayal camp to scare away wild elephants and to conduct the elephant safari. Safari elephants will take visitors close to the water falls and other green attractions of the Siruvani region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14330396", "title": "Court given copies of Kudankulam treaties", "text": "CHENNAI: Copies of two bilateral treaties India had signed with the erstwhile USSR and Russia in 1988 and 1988, respectively, for the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant were furnished to the Madras high court by the Centre in a sealed cover on Thursday.A division bench comprising Justice P Jyothimani and Justice M Duraiswamy perused the documents and returned them to additional solicitor-general of south India, M Ravindran. The documents were submitted following an earlier direction from the bench while hearing a batch of more than a dozen public interest petitions concerning the nuclear plant.On Thursday, Ravindran submitted that clearances had already been obtained for the project from the competent authorities such as the Union ministry of environment and forests and the Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board (TNPCB). He said all the short-term requirements had been complied with by the Centre. According to Ravindran, the supplemental agreement signed with Russia in 1998 related to certain variations in financial terms. Emergency plan and drill manual were meant for officers at the plant, details of which could not be divulged in a public forum, he said.Earlier, counter-affidavits were filed on behalf of the TNPCB as well as the district police. In his counter, the Tirunelveli superintendent of police Vijayendra S Bidari confirmed that some criminal cases were registered with regard to the ongoing agitation against the project. Once the investigation is over, suitable legal action would be taken, he said.Noting that the protests had drawn a large number of participants, including women and children, the SP said, \"If it is not handled properly, with due diligence and care, there may be large-scale law and order disturbances in the area, and possibility of violent outbreaks cannot be ruled out.\"The counter also contended that all efforts were being made to allay the fears of the people with regard to the nuclear plant. \"It will require time and sustained efforts,\" it said, adding: \"It is in the long-term interest of the nuclear plant that the fears in the minds of people residing in its surroundings are fully allayed and they have full confidence in the functioning and safety of this nuclear facility.\"The judges adjourned the matter to June 26 for reply arguments by additional solicitor-general Ravindran.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14333127", "title": "Delhi University announces cut-off lists for non-collegiate courses", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi University on Thursday announced the cut-off marks for admission to the non-collegiate women's education board, showing a rise in percentages required for admission.Under the non-collegiate women's education board, students do not need to attend regular classes.For B Com (hons) course, Hansraj College put its cut-off at 78 per cent as against 75 per cent last year for general categories while Lakshmibai College declared a cut off of 75 per cent as against last year's 72 per cent.While Kalindi College and Jesus and Mary College are offering B Com (hons) to general category students at 70 per cent, Maharaja Agrasen is offering the course at 68 per cent.13 DU colleges accept non-collegiate women candidates who pursue BCom course that is completed through weekend classes in a matter of 50 teaching days.Delhi University will declare its first cut-off list for admissions to colleges on June 26 followed by similar lists on June 29, July 3, July 6 and July 10. Further lists and conversions of OBC seats, if required, will be notified later, the University said.The 100 per cent cut-off percentage announced last year by SRCC had set off a major debate in the country but the University officials have sought to assure students that there were plenty of seats and colleges in the varsity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14337352", "title": "Bobby Vats, Vicky Ahuja &amp; Vaishali Nazareth in Hum Ne Li Hai.. Shapath", "text": "Fireworks Productions never ceases to surprise viewers. In yet another gripping episode of 'Hum Ne Li Hai... Shapath' on Life OK, a team of cops will battle it out to save the lives of innocent people.Some prominent faces of the television industry have been roped in to play important roles for the episodic. The cops of 'Hum Ne Li Hai.... Shapath' will see a new member in their team. Well-known actor Bobby Vats will play the role of Siddharth, a forensic doctor. The upcoming episodes of the show will unfold the story about a body transplant racket. Vaishali Nazareth who is currently seen in 'Jhilmil Sitaron Ka Aangan' and Vicky Ahuja, have been finalized to play negative roles.Vaishali will play an agent who supplies body organs whereas Vicky Ahuja will play the doctor who transplants body organs. When contacted, Bobby said, \"Yes, I have already started shooting for the show. I will be playing a forensic doctor. I enjoy doing thrillers and that is the reason I agreed to do the role. Also working with BP Singh is always a delight. I worked with him when I started my career so when I was offered this role I immediately agreed to be a part of the show.\" Vicky Ahuja and Vashali Nazareth remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14329151", "title": "Lift irrigation to give twist to relocation of TATR villages", "text": "NAGPUR: The lift irrigation project in Bhagwanpur for relocated families of Kolsa and Botezari, the two villages inside Tadoba-Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR), is all set to give impetus to the stalled rehabilitation process.In May 2007, 49 families from Kolsa and 79 from Botezari were relocated in Bhagwanpur in Mul (Chandrapur) to create inviolate spaces for tigers. It was expected then that the relocation, claimed to be one of the best by the officials, would set a precedent, but it went awry and relocation of all the villages in TATR was stalled.Not only the remaining 97 families of Kolsa, other villages - Palasgaon (Shingru), Rantaoldi, Navegaon (Ramdegi) and Jamni refused to move out over relocation mess.\"The lake was at the lower side while agriculture fields were at the top. It was difficult to bring water from there to our fields. Secondly, the agriculture land allotted to us was rough and prone to be infertile,\" says Saitra Kannake of Botezari, a landless who has settled in Bhagwanpur.However, a lift irrigation project is all set to change the stalled relocation, which has already started to look up. Work on the Rs 1.06 crore scheme which started in December, is nearing completion in Bhagwanpur. The project has been specially launched under accelerated irrigation benefit programme (AIBP) of the Central government.\"Now water will be taken directly to the fields from the distribution chambers built along the Andhari river. Three separate lines - two 1,200 metres each and one 800 metres have been laid,\" said Mukesh Rane, executive engineer for minor irrigation (local sector), Chandrapur-Gadchiroli.\"Villagers have posed a challenge saying bring water first then only we will come,\" Rane says. \"I'm confident that the scheme will help irrigate 100% rabi and kharif crops as there will be water available till March,\" he adds.Bandu Dhotre, president of Eco Pro, Chandrapur, who along with Tiger Research And Conservation Trust (TRACT), Nagpur, is helping the forest department to push relocation, says if lift irrigation is one reason, things started moving after high court intervened in 2010.\"We conducted a re-survey of Bhagwanpur to understand problems of villagers. These issues were put up at various forums building renewed trust among the villagers. Farmers whose land was infertile go fresh pieces of land,\" Dhotre says.After efforts from Eco Pro and TRACT, second phase of relocation of 97 Kolsa families started early this year. Of the 97, 24 families have moved out. Of them, 15 went for Option I (Rs 10 lakh cash package) while nine went to Bhagwanpur under Option II.\"We hope post-monsoon more families will join Bhagwanpur, the time when lift irrigation will be fully operational,\" Dhotre told TOI at the lift irrigation site.\"Kolsa villagers are keen to move out but a section of landlords in the village is allegedly stopping others. A vicious atmosphere has been created by them so that others don't go. Shifting of more families would mean problem of farm labourers and hence the opposition. But now lift irrigation will break the jinx,\" says Dhotre.Once a strong opponent of rehabilitation, Sudhakar Madavi of Kolsa has already shifted to Bhagwanpur recently. He hopes lift irrigation will solve agriculture and drinking problem of villagers. The village has already been connected with roads now.Creating Space For Tigers* Over 1,000 hectare land will be vacated if remaining Kolsa, Jamni, Rantalodi, Palasgaon and Navegaon villagers are relocated.* Palasgaon villagers have agreed to move to Talori in Warora tehsil but work has not yet started.* Of the 240 families from Navegaon, 129 have opted Option I and 111 Option II. First instalment already distributed.* Of the 222 families in Jamni, 108 have taken Option I while 114 Option II. Navegaon and Jamni agree to go to Khadsingi near Chimur.* Rantalodi village, which so far opposed rehabilitation, too has responded positively.Caption: 1) The agriculture land in Kolsa has been taken in possession by the forest department after the owners were relocated recently.2) The water chambers on Andhari river from where water will be lifted through the pipelines and supplied to Bhagwanpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14327613", "title": "Food-poisoning at IIM-Indore: Probe committee formed", "text": "INDORE: After incident of food poisoning which rendered 200 students ill, Indore Institute of Management Indore (IIM-I) has formed a committee to probe into the reasons for the laxity and the steps needed to be taken to prevent any such incident in future.Parvez Akhtar, spokesperson of the institute said that a committee consisting of dean (administration), chief administrative officer and medical officer Dr Baldev Dembani has been formed to prepare a detail report. The institution has also requested Chief Medical Health Officer of Indore and Food Controller of Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) to join the committee, which is to submit its report before June 26.He said the committee will also suggest necessary preventive measures to avoid any such incident in future.\"We maintain best hygiene condition at the campus but we are not averse to making further improvement,\" said Akhtar adding that necessary steps will be taken immediately after the submission of report. Earlier, it was believed that the stale coconut chutney prepared for the breakfast might have caused food poisoning. But since the students started showing symptoms only by evening, water coolers and lunch menu also came under scanner. Since the day of the incident, two food safety officers of IMC are regularly visiting the IIM-I campus. Institution's spokesperson said that all the students have been discharged from the hospital except one, who is expected to be discharged from the hospital on Thursday.IIM-Indore students were admitted to hospital late night on Sunday owing to food poisoning. Hundreds of students had complained of uneasiness late Sunday evening after having lunch at the institute's mess.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14331709", "title": "Srikrishna named best referee by AIFF", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu have a tradition of producing quality referees and CR Srikrishna is the latest in line. On Thursday, the 34-year-old was adjudged All India Football Federation's (AIFF) best referee of the season, Delhi's Mohd Kamil becoming the best assistant referee.The decision was taken in the referee's committee meeting and their performances in the last edition of the I-League and the other national tournaments were taken into consideration.Pratap Singh, MB Santosh Kumar, Ajit Meetei and A Rowan were also in contention, but Srikrishna pipped them to the post.The last TN referee to get the award was Pradeep Kumar in 2010. \"It's a proud moment for me. I'm thankful to all those who stood by me and helped me in doing my job. I'm grateful to K Shankar, Pradeep Kumar and S Suresh for their constant support. I've been working hard and I'm glad my effort has been appreciated by the AIFF,\" a delighted Srikrishna, who has been officiating at the national level for the last three seasons, told TOI on Thursday.Gautam Kar, AIFF head of refereeing department told TOI that they have referred Srikrishna's name to the Asian Football Confederation ( AFC ) Elite Panel and if everything goes according to plan, the TN man should make the cut by the end of the year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14327120", "title": "Explain links with 'tainted' bizmen: Congress asks BJP", "text": "BHOPAL: Opposition Congress is all set to force the BJP government in Madhya Pradesh to 'do a lot of explaining' during the upcoming monsoon session of the Assembly next month over the alleged favours showed to firms of two businessmen, who are now under Income Tax scrutiny for suspected tax evasion.\"The issue had figured in the Assembly last year during the no-confidence motion but the government evaded replying to these charges. Now the issue would be raised again in the House in the light of IT raids and the BJP will have to do a lot of explaining this time\", Congress Legislature Party (CLP) sources said.IT sleuths had swooped down on the firms of two businessmen Dilip Suryavanshi and Sudhir Sharma and their associates on Wednesday and searched 60 places to detect alleged tax evasion. Both are known for having close connections with top BJP leaders, within the government as well as in the party organisation and their businesses had allegedly flourished during the last couple of years during the BJP regime.Meanwhile, in a move that could leave the BJP red faced, state Janata Dal (U), an ally of the BJP in the National Democratic Alliance ( NDA), has come out in the open demanding that the state government should come out with a 'white paper' on contracts, leases and other benefits granted to the firms owned by these businessmen.State Janata Dal (U) president Govind Yadav said these IT search have now brought to focus the alleged nexus between politicians, contractors and even bureaucrats, who had apparently went out of the way to extend benefits to the firms. \"We demand a probe into all business deals of these two firms\", he said adding that any mining leases granted to those associated with these firms needs to be probed by CBI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14329210", "title": "Pune triumph comes as a great relief: Shravil Navghare", "text": "NAGPUR: Write him off at your own peril. Still just 17, Shravil Navghare already knows how cruel life can be sometimes. He knows how it feels to suffer crushing blows and he knows what it takes to rise from the ashes and carve the niche again.Having nursed a career-threatening calf injury last year, Shravil proved his mettle when he won the National Ranking Talent Series Tennis tournament at Pune on Saturday.His smile hasn't dimmed since last 24 hours. No one, of course, can take that away from him at the moment. \"This win comes as a great relief. I had to work hard for every point. I wasn't even in the main draw as this was my first national level tourney after my injury,\" said Shravil, while talking to TOI on Sunday.\"My swiftness is back and so is my confidence. It feels great to be back on the court because I think this is where I belong,\" he added.Shravil was in Spain in 2009 when he suffered a calf injury, following which he had to keep out of the court for about an year. \"It wasn't easy to make a comeback. The injury came when I was on a high. To be out for 11 months at this age was really frustrating. That was when my parents really supported me. I didn't lose my focus and thankfully things fell in place once I was fit again,\" he added.A student of Dhanwate National College, Shravil trains at PYC Hindu Gymkhana, Pune. \"There aren't many good coaching facilities in Nagpur. That's why I chose to come here (at Pune) for training.\"Shravil's next target is Championship Series scheduled to be held in Bhopal from June 25. \"I want to concentrate on doing well in singles tournament. I hope to do well in Bhopal too,\" he concluded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14328624", "title": "Prepaid slots may help check touts", "text": "NEW DELHI: The ministry of external affairs has claimed that it has come up with an ingenious method to stop touts from playing the online system, and insulate it from any external influence. While briefing TOI in a special meeting held at the passport seva kendra (PSK) in Herald House, ITO, on Thursday, senior MEA officials said they have identified the chinks in their armour.TOI had reported earlier how 'help' kiosks had sprung up in the vicinity of PSKs and how they had been charging anything between Rs 500 and Rs 1,500 for booking appointments online. Some agents we had spoken to had also claimed they could play the system and book multiple appointments and also offer choice of slots. \"These e-touts were earlier opening multiple windows on their computers and booking multiple slots simultaneously. We have tweaked the system to ensure that nobody can do so anymore,\" said Raghavendra Shastry, adviser to S M Krishna, minister of external affairs.TOI visited one such 'facilitation' centre near the PSK and found all signboards advertising 'help with online appointments and application guidance' missing.Shastry said a proposal has been mooted to introduce prepaid online bookings to curb e-touts.\"This will ensure that bulk bookings don't happen. Until now, online appointments were free; but after this scheme is implemented, a payment gateway will be opened up and applicants will have the option to pay through credit/debit cards, internet banking, and even challans issued by the State Bank of India,\" he said, adding that the proposal has been made to the finance ministry and CAG and in-principle approval has been received.The stringent process, ministry of external affairs feels, will make it binding on all applicants to come personally to the passport seva kendras.\"No passport will be issued without biometric registration; hence, no one will be allowed to proxy for an applicant,\" Shastry said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14328388", "title": "Railways to run trains for summer rush", "text": "LUCKNOW: In order to clear extra rush of passengers during summers, Railways has decided to run special trains. Train number 04002/04001 will run between Patna and Delhi Sarai Rohilla for two trips.Train 04002 will depart from Delhi Sarai Rohilla at 5.20 pm on June 22 and 25 to reach Patna at 01.05 pm the next day. In the return direction, train 04001 will depart from Patna at 02.10 pm on June 23 and 26 to reach Delhi Sarai Rohilla at 12.00 noon the next day.The train will consist of 16 coaches, including general, sleeper and two second class luggage van coaches. The train will stop at New Delhi, Ghaziabad, Kanpur Central, Allahabad, Mirzapur, Mughalsarai, Buxar, Ara and Danapur stations en route in both the directions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14327632", "title": "Web piracy: HC says block links, not websites", "text": "NEW DELHI: If you are sick and tired of your internet service provider frequently blocking some popular websites, you can relax now. The Madras high court has ruled that its April 25 order against internet piracy should not be used to block the entire website; only specific web links should be blocked.On an appeal filed by a group of internet service providers, the court in a June 15 order clarified that the content owners should give ISPs the specific web links through which the copyrighted material was being shared so that the ISPs could block them. Following the HC order, most of the websites blocked by ISPs, except Piratebay, have become accessible again.In recent months, there has been a spurt in John Doe orders \u2014 orders against unnamed entities \u2014 in India. Film producers have gone to various courts and obtained such orders against those who might pirate their films. This has invariably happened a day or two before the release of the film. Armed with these orders, film producers have prevailed upon ISPs to block entire websites, leading to resentment among web users and a wave of protests by net activists.The high court's June 15 order came after its April 25 John Doe order led to ISPs blocking several websites, including Vimeo. The move was severely criticized by internet users in India, who blamed ISPs for the inconvenience caused to them. The blocking of websites also prompted Anonymous, a hacker collective, to raise concerns over what it perceived as web censorship. Anonymous attacked several government websites in protest and even organized real-world protests in several cities.The high court in its latest order said: \"The interim injunction [dated April 25] is granted only in respect of a particular URL where the infringing movie is kept and not in respect of the entire website. Further, the applicant is directed to inform about the particulars of URL where the interim movie is kept within 48 hours.\"Sunil Abraham, director of Centre for Internet and Society, a Bangalore-based thinktank that tracks internet policy, said the court clarification was much needed.\"There are two problems with John Doe orders. They lack specificity. It's against an anonymous infringer. These orders also allow petitioners to misuse them as they demand complete blocking of websites without taking recourse to identifying the pirates and the URLs through which copyright material is being shared,\" Abraham said. \"The latest court order addresses these issues. By asking ISPs to only block specific URLs it addresses major concerns about John Doe orders.\"John Doe, a virtually unknown entity in this country, has of late become the favourite of film producers. Reliance Entertainment obtained several John Doe orders last year. Recently producers of \"Gangs of Wasseypur\" obtained such an order. After the film's director, Anurag Kashyap, received negative feedback from web users on Twitter, he said, \"When my films were pirated, my investors and studio never blamed me for it but when the studio got a John Doe order for GoW, the internet blames me.\"At the same time, he claimed he would try his best to make sure web users didn't suffer blanket bans on websites because of the order.\"The order has been taken by investing parties to protect their investment but they have assured me that it will be used responsibly. I can argue with them about not taking down entire sites and just the URLs, and they have assured they will do that,\" he tweeted.Times ViewThe Madras high court order is a welcome step in guarding the rights of internet users. The internet is all about freedom of choice and free flow of information. Therefore, entire websites should not be blocked just because there might be some illegal content on them. Only specific URLs where pirated content is available should be blocked. An entire website may be blocked only when government and industry agree that it deals predominantly in pirated stuff. There should also be quick redress of copyright owners' grievances \u2014 illegal content should be blocked within, say, six hours, of verification. Websites on which a huge chunk of the content is illegal should be blocked for a specified period, say, three months, and given a chance to mend their ways. How huge is 'huge' \u2014 5%, 10% or 15%? That may be decided by a committee comprising representatives of government and industry. The numbers mentioned here may sound arbitrary, but we have to start somewhere.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14334325", "title": "Tamannaah Bhatia bags Sridevi\u2019s role in Himmatwala", "text": "It's official. And we got it out of Ajay Devgn's business associate Kumar Mangat. After the unending speculation about who would be taking over Sridevi's role in the remake of the 1983 hit Himmatwala, fuelled in no small measure by the neo-Himmatwala's director Sajid Khan tightlipped silence, it is finally out Telugu and Tamil actress Tamannaah Bhatia would be playing the lead opposite Ajay in Himmatwala.Says Kumar Mangat, \"Yes, it's Tamannaah opposite Ajay in Himmatwala. The shooting starts in August. Ajay has Bol Bachchan on release and Son Of Sardar is almost complete. Himmatwala is the only other project he will start this year.\"Significantly names like Katrina Kaif and Anushka Sharma were bandied for the part of the whip wielding firebrand that catapulted Sridevi to stardom in Himmatwala in 1983.Says a source close to the project, \"Katrina and Anushka turned down the role. It was then that Ajay felt a Southern actress would fit the bill. He recalled to his director Sajid Khan and producer Vashu Bhagnani how Sridevi too had emerged from Tamil-Telugu cinema for Himmatwala . Besides, Ajay has lately delivered a big hit with another Tamil-Telugu actress Kajal Aggarwal in Singham .\"We also hear that Tamannaah's role in the new Himmatwala would part radically from the original. Says the source, \"Sridevi in tight-fitting trousers and leather jacket with a whip in hand wouldn't work now. This firebrand opposite Ajay would a wield a gun. Nainon mein sapna from the original would be there. But it would be shot completely differently on Ajay and Tamannaah.\" Interestingly we are told Ajay sees sparks of Kajol in the way Tamannaah would be presented in Himmatwala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "14328894", "title": "BJP to stage 'jail bharo' agitation in Amravati", "text": "AMRAVATI: To condemn apathy of the UPA government in controlling inflation, the Bharatiya Janata Party on Friday will stage a 'jail bharo' agitation in Amravati under the leadership of leader of Opposition, Legislative Assembly, Eknath Khadse.Addressing a press conference here, MLC Praveen Pote said that inflation, corruption and rising prices of commodities have made the life of commoners difficult and nonchalance of the Congress government is responsible for it. Though government has bailed out the package in view to curb the farmer's suicide. However, it has failed to check the farmers' suicide in region, he said.To give justice to the people of the region, BJP will stage a 'jail bharo' agitation on Friday morning under the leadership of Khadse. The agitation would start from Rajkamal square of the city, said Pote.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14327195", "title": "Pinki Pramanik case: Hormone tests crucial now", "text": "KOLKATA: With Tuesday's medical test failing to confirm athlete Pinki Pramanik's gender, experts now believe the next step - a round of chromosome and hormone tests - will play a crucial role in determining if the charges against her hold true and if she is capable of performing sexually as a male. Pinki has been accused of rape by her live-in partner.A seven-member medical board constituted to ascertain her gender indicated at certain abnormalities. It has been hinted that Pinki suffers from congenital adrenal hyperplasia that leads a female to develop male features.The hormone and chromosome tests now turn important since those will give the medical board an idea whether Pinki's external features match with her internal organs. But merely a predominance of male hormone won't prove that she is capable of acting like a man, experts argued.\"It's not just about hormones. In fact, male hormones can't make her act like a man sexually. It's possible only if she has XY chromosome. That will prove that Pinki is genetically a man. However, the possibility seems very remote for such cases are rare. She is a woman if she has XX chromosome. Then, her male genitals won't be capable of performing a sexual act,\" said medical genetics expert Koushik Mondol.Explaining her physical attributes, which have apparently been found to have partial male features, Mondol said they are likely to have been triggered by adrenal gland secretions. \"Such patients can neither rape a woman nor produce sperms. They are chromosomally women and remain so internally,\" added Datta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "14330325", "title": "National Disaster Response Force holds programme on disaster management in Bokaro", "text": "BOKARO: National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) personnel on Thursday created awareness among residents about disaster management that includes action needed to be taken after a tragedy in saving life, property and maintaining normalcy.The officials from police department, Bokaro Steel Plant (BSL), Damodar Valley Corporation ( DVC), Central Coalfield Limited (CCL), industrialists participated in the programme. The NDRF personnel displayed several life-saving techniques like chest compress, artificial air blowing to the injured and others.However, the people attending the programme returned disappointed as the NDRF personnel didn't talk much on lightning, industrial disaster, mine subsidence, fire etc which the district is prone to in the district. The NDRF personnel concentrated more up on earthquake and rescue operation that follows.NDRF assistant commandant Abhay Kumar Singh said they conduct awareness drive on guidelines of National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA) and they are sensitizing people of Bokaro on earthquake because the area is identified in Zone-3, which means it is prone to earthquake.He said that every district in the state has a District Disaster Management Authority (DDMA) president of which is DC and members are SP, civil surgeon and executive engineers of various departments. The DDMA prepares disaster management plan and sends it to NDMA through the State Disaster Management Authority (SDMA). This plan comprises the identification of areas which is prone to disaster and steps which they are prepared with that to be taken in maintaining normalcy if such tragedy occurs.The DDMA has identified thunder and lightning as one of the major natural disasters which claims many lives every year. Last year 13 villagers fell victim of lightning strikes. Besides, the area boasts of major steel and power plants which has made it prone to industrial disaster. Open cast mines in CCL and illegal mining in Bermo subdivision is also vulnerable to mine subsidence and fire.Neeraj Kumar, in charge of DDMA said it has a control room in the district and in subdivisions for any emergency but people are not aware of it. The awareness drive is being conducted to sensitize people.The DDMA has contact numbers of the key authorities related to steel, power and coal companies, administration, health, police, etc. Besides details of numbers of ambulance, fire and other infrastructure available in the district have also been collected so that they can respond quickly at the time of disaster.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14327682", "title": "Debt-ridden businessman consumes poison, ends life", "text": "INDORE: Disturbed over loss in future trading business and in heavy debt, a 28-year-old city-based businessman reportedly committed suicide by consuming poison in a hotel of neighbouring Ujjain on Thursday. Police found suicide note from his possession in which he has mentioned his financial condition.Police said Shailesh Jain, 28, the son of Babulal Jain, came from Pratapgarh in Rajasthan to Indore a few years ago and was running a trading company, dealing in pulses and cotton. He was the resident of Bakhatgarh Tower in Palasia area.The deceased had to reportedly pay huge sum of money for commodities bought earlier.He reportedly borrowed Rs 40 lakh from one Vivek Pathak and a few others for his business who were demanding return of their money. He reached Ujjain at 5.30 pm and checked in a local hotel around 8 pm and consumed poison within half an hour.He told hotel employees about consuming poison, who carried him to a local hospital where he breathed his last in the morning.Police received a call from the hospital informing about the case. In his dying statement, he also told the same thing to police.The body of the deceased was sent to local hospital for post-mortem and investigation case. Official said that police could register the case of abetment to suicide against those named in the note and statement after investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14328815", "title": "They brave hell for Rs 2,500/month", "text": "NEW DELHI: For something like Rs 2,500 a month, these men risk their lives to get down into the city's sewer system and ensure that our waste reaches the treatment plants. In the few minutes that they spend inside each day, taking in lungfuls of toxic gases, the workers end up with skin infection, losing their eyesight and developing respiratory disorders like asthma and tuberculosis. Most reportedly do not even live till their retirement age.Suresh is employed with a private contractor and has been cleaning sewers since he was 17-years-old. Now, at 23, his eyesight is already weak and he has skin eruptions for which he uses a paste of lime and turmeric.\"I have been trying to get a job with Delhi Jal Board but have not been successful so far. The private contractors are the worst employers as they never bother with safety equipment or the health of workers. Some of my colleagues died a few years back and from what we know, their families were not even compensated,\" he said.About 70% of the more than 6,000 sewer cleaners in Delhi belong to the Valmiki sect. Sources attribute this to the nature of the job, saying that nobody else will take it up as it involves coming in contact with the city's waste.\"Imagine the hot summer months and the quantity of gas brewing inside a closed sewer line. In such conditions we have to enter the sewers and often manually clean the pipes. The drill we follow involves opening the manhole and letting the gas escape before we enter. Often the gas inside is so much that if we light a matchstick it over the open manhole, it bursts into flames,\" said Sushil, a beldar with DJB.The sewers carry a toxic cocktail of the city's filth, including waste from hospitals and our bathrooms. The gas that builds up in the closed system is primarily hydrogen sulphide, over exposure to which causes olfactory fatigue. It can cause asphyxiation, hindering the flow of oxygen to the brain.The average concentration of 10ppm leads to conjunctivitis and headaches. A concentration of 100ppm, found usually during the hot summer months, can lead to death. An agency like DJB provides soap and oil to its workers to clean up and sends them for bi-annual medical tests but the nature of the job is such that they cannot avoid infections.\"Civic agencies have bought equipment but there is no point is using the heavy gas detectors and gas masks. The beldars who are often malnourished, cannot carry the weight of the equipment when they descent into the sewers. We have told authorities about it but nothing has been done. Enforcement of rules is also weak. Normally nobody supervises the workers when they go in to clean the sewers. Civic bodies are still better at implementing regulations but private contractors just do not care,\" said Vijay Singh, another beldar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14327323", "title": "High court raps cops for escape of undertrial from hospital", "text": "MUMBAI: \"What were the police guards doing?\" asked the Bombay high court, while hearing a petition seeking action against the police for allowing a lawyer, Tanaji Bhoite, to escape from Bombay Hospital in May 2011.A division bench was hearing a plea filed by Jalgaon corporator Narendra Patil urging a departmental inquiry against policemen \"who facilitated Tanaji Bhoite's escape \".The petition said on January 10, 2011 a Jalgaon magistrate passed a detention order against Bhoite under the Maharashtra Prevention of Dangerous Activities of Slumlords, Bootleggers, Drug Offenders and Dangerous Persons Act. Until November 2011, six offences were registered against him. His appeal was rejected by the advisory board in February 2011 and Bhoite moved HC. He also filed an application to get himself admitted to a private hospital in Mumbai for a coronary artery bypass graft. In March 2011, the judges allowed him to shift to Mumbai for his treatment subject to deployment of police outside the ward.In March 2011, the HC rejected his petition and passed strictures about his \"five-star\" stay in hospital. He was directed to surrender on May 20, 2011. On May 15, 2011 Bhoite escaped from the hospital and assaulted his wife and a guard. Later, he allegedly went to the residences of Jalgaon's guardian minister Gulabrao Deokar and cooperation minister Harshvardhan Patil and began abusing them. After his arrest, Bhoite is currently lodged in Nagpur Central Prison.The petitioner's advocate, Manoj Bhatt, argued that despite complaints to senior officers no action was taken against the policemen who \"shielded Bhoite\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14327187", "title": "Tough time ahead for commuters as roads turn into traps", "text": "VARANASI: If the condition in trans-Varuna area after short spell of showers are any indication, the upcoming monsoon season is all set to make life miserable for local residents, shopkeepers and commuters, who may have to encounter torrid conditions to remain connected with other parts of the city. Similarly, the movement of vehicles, especially from neighbouring districts including Ghazipur, Azamgarh and Jaunpur is going to test the hardest of spines, as the pathetic condition of connecting roads in the city are promising a bumpy journey to the travellers.When TOI visited some parts of trans-Varuna area on Thursday to take stock of ground reality of condition of roads that were dug for laying sewer and stormwater drainage pipeline, interesting revelations surfaced that only made mockery of claims of concerned departments but also cast doubt over the completion of these raods before June 30, the extended deadline fixed by the district administration.Around 380 metres of road was dug for laying sewer and storm water drainage system but one could see that no efforts have been made to construct the road. If this is the condition of the road after initial bout of showers, one could easily imagine the condition during the peak monsoon season, said Moti Lal Gupta, a local shopkeeper who also runs a tailoring centre on Ramrepur-Akatha road.Interestingly, while the muddy and slippery conditions existed along the 380 metre length, some part of the road has also collapsed creating potholes to restrict the movement of vehicles. The movement of four-wheelers and three-wheelers, including autorickshaws was completely banned in the area while it was \"bumpy\" experience for two-wheelers that had to encounter adverse conditions to reach Lalpur.There are two different slopes for sewer and storm water drainage pipeline that has been laid in 380 metres length in the area. While the slope for ejecting storm rain water is towards Lalpur, the sewer line is connected to main sewer line in Pandeypur. Also, we are waiting for the dug up mud to settle completely before the construction of road, as it would give stability to the road, added Ashok Kumar Ram, one of the assistant engineers deployed at the site.Even, Ramesh Singh, general manager, Ganga Pollution Control Unit of UP Jal Nigam, said that all efforts are being made to complete the construction of road before the stipulated deadline, but the conditions are not conducive for construction of road. Usually, the dug part of the road should be alowed to face one complete monsoon season, as settling of mud gives stability and strength to the construction besides making it easier for the heavy rollers to move freely.But, since the problems of commuters could aggravate in the monsoon season, efforts have been intensified to construct the road immediately after completion of laying work, he added.If the movement along Ramrepur-Akatha road was restricted, the Daulatpur-Pandeypur road was found to be in submerged condition with heavy waterlogging, stalling the movement of commuters. The brief spell of showers have exposed the condition of the road that was constructed after digging work. The boulders of the road have already started coming out and one could imagine the condition after heavy showers plunge the region, said Mangala Prasad Srivastava, one of the residents of Bhaktinagar locality on Daulatpur-Pandeypur road.Even worse was the condition along the Pandeypur-Azamgarh road, one of the busiest roads in the locality.Here, digging work is underway for laying the main sewer line to connect the network of sewer lines -- before carrying it to Sathwan (Sarnath), where the construction of sewage treatment plant is proposed under mega trans-Varuna sewerage system. Not only the drains and sewer of localities situated along the road were completely choked and blocked, a long stretch of road (nearly five kilometres) wore a pathetic look.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14326998", "title": "BSEB to change exam system", "text": "PATNA: The Bihar School Examination Board (BSEB) has decided to change the Intermediate and matric examination system from the upcoming session. Also, semester system would be introduced for 2012-14 session. The board has decided to upgrade its vocational courses to match them with the industry requirements.Talking to TOI, BSEB chairman Rajmani Prasad Sinha said the Intermediate and matric examinations would have more objective-type questions, apart from short ones. \"From the next session, the board examination conducted at matric level in science and social sciences stream would be of objective-type, while the students of the arts stream would be writing their papers on traditional pattern,\" he said.Sinha said similar system would be replicated at Intermediate level and added that the changes have been introduced to overcome the disadvantages of traditional pattern of examination. \"At present over 12 lakh students appear at matric examination alone. It's difficult to get answer sheets of so many examinees evaluated without any human error. Also, many copies in the bulk are lost in transit,\" he said.Sinha hoped the proposed system would also bring about greater transparency with its novel module. \"There would be an original OMR sheet and its carbon copy for every subject. The examinee would carry the carbon copy with themselves. Later, when the BSEB displays the model answer sheet on its website, the student would be able to tally one's answers,\" he said. The exams conducted by the board would have 80% weightage in the final marks, he added.The BSEB has also decided to introduce semester system at Plus 2 level for the session 2012-14. An expert committee, comprising academicians of state universities, has drafted the syllabus. Sinha said the plan is to have two semesters in the gap of five months. Class XI would have two semesters. The examination conducted at the end of each semester would comprise both objective and subjective questions. Class XII would also have two semesters at 5-month gap. \"While the weightage of first semester in the final marks would be 8%, that of the second one would be 12%. Weightage of 5% for attendance and another 5% for extra-curricular activities will be given. So, the examination conducted by the board would have weightage of 70%,\" he explained. The board exam would be of objective-type comprising 70 per cent easy questions.The BSEB is also geared up to improve the quality of its vocational courses. \"An expert committee comprising professionals drafted the new syllabus for 25 trends in the 12-day workshop conducted in December last year,\" Sinha said. The popular courses are nursing, paramedical, engineering, polytechnic and library science, among others.Sinha said a school/college would be allowed to enrol students in a vocational course only after a review team assures that it has the required infrastructure. \"At present a little over 2000 students only opt for vocational courses. We aim to increase the number to one lakh,\" he said.The BSEB chairman cites lack of awareness among students and refusal by certain institutions to recognize these courses as the few plausible reasons for the less number of students interested in these courses. \"We are trying to remove these bottlenecks, have better faculty and link them with industry,\" Sinha said.The board would send all these proposals to the government for its approval.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14330811", "title": "\u2018Catching a glimpse of Lord was pure bliss\u2019", "text": "LUDHIANA: Chants of 'Hare Rama, Hare Krishna' set the city's festive spirit rolling as devotees participated in the Jagannath Rath Yatra on Thursday. Hundreds of faithful pulled ropes of the chariot on which icons of Lord Jagannath, Balbhadra and Subhadra were placed, immersing Ludhiana's streets with religious fervour. Apart from those belonging to the Oriya community, many Ludhianvis participated in the rath yatra.Hands folded and stretching her neck to get a glimpse of the Lord, homemaker Gauri Patnaik of Civil Lines said, \"We wait for the Rath Yatra all through the year and when Lord Jagannath comes out of His temple to give blessings to the devotees, the moment turns into pure bliss.\" She said she had got married last year and it was with the grace of Lord Jagannath that her husband has got promotion. \"So, I have specially come to thank the Lord.\"Not letting the hot and humid weather dampen his devotion, Chander Nagar resident Harish Kumar said, \"Nothing can affect our enthusiasm. The devotees were in a trance as they danced in veneration, without caring about the scorching heat and sultry weather.\"A shopkeeper and resident of Civil Lines, Kapil Verma, said it was soothing to see Lord Jagannath on a decorated chariot followed by a sea of devotees. \"I sought blessings for my family and relatives,\" he added. The devotees also set up stalls for people pulling the chariot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14330393", "title": "ICSE students thrilled over syllabus change", "text": "RANCHI: Students of the city are excited that the new syllabus for class 11 and 12 of Indian Certificate of Secondary Education (ICSE) - which is similar to that of Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) - will implemented in all ICSE-affiliated schools from academic year 2012-13.Major changes have been made in the syllabus of chemistry, biology and mathematics and some changes have also been made in commerce. Also, the subject of environmental science, which was an additional subject for ICSE plus two, will not be taught in schools from the coming academic year.Shalini, who passed her 10th board examination from Bishop Westcott Girls School (ICSE) and then switched to Delhi Public School (CBSE) for plus two, said, \"The main reason for switching from ICSE to CBSE board was the competitive examinations. All such examinations, including AIEEE and IIT-JEE, are based on the CBSE syllabus. It becomes easier for CBSE students to prepare for competitive exams after plus two.\"Students, especially those who have for ICSE board for plus two, are particularly happy about the change of results. Vicky, who passed class 10 from the ICSE-affiliated St Xavier's School this year and will to continue in the same school for class 11 and 12 said, \"I was initially worried about my preparation for IIT-JEE, but now I am pleased that our syllabus will be same as CBSE, which will make things easier for us.\"Principal of St Xavier's School, Fr. Ajit Xess, disagreed that the change will make too much of a difference. \"There will not be much difference even after the new syllabus is implemented. It is the mindset of people that studying in ICSE board will not help for entrance examinations, but this is a notion that has no basis,\" he said. \"Earlier, the syllabi of ICSE and CBSE boards were similar but now it is almost exactly the same.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "14330528", "title": "Father, son buried alive in landslide", "text": "ITANAGAR: A father and son duo was buried alive when a massive landslide crushed their house near the circuit house of Daporijo in Upper Subansiri district on Wednesday evening.While the father died on the spot, the son succumbed to his injuries on his way to hospital, official sources said on Thursday.District police, including ITBP, and locals started a rescue operation soon after but it took them nearly two hours to dig out the victims, the sources said.Bagang Abu Youth Welfare Society, a Daporijo-based NGO, has demanded compensation for the victims' family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14328471", "title": "For many stalwarts, first poll war took place in ward", "text": "LUCKNOW: Often considered as the first step to venture politics, corporatorship, at times seems to have become a launch pad for many to enter into the national arena. The political turf of Lucknow, too, has quite a few examples where in corporators went on to make it big.Sample this: Lalji Tandon, the BJP MP from Lucknow, who is often referred to as a protege of BJP stalwart and former PM Atal Behari Vajpayee; has been a corporator of Chowk during early 1960s. People of the area recall how he first contested the municipal elections as an independent candidate on the symbol of tiger. \"He used to be very courteous and energetic,\" said SK Chaurasia, a retired government official.Later he went on become a member of UP Legislative Council for two terms, 1978-84. Subsequently he remained a member of Uttar Pradesh Legislative Assembly (MLA) for three terms, 1996-2009, and was the leader of Opposition in the UP assembly from 2003 to 2007. Tandon was the urban development minister in the cabinet under Mayawati (in the BSP-BJP combine), and also earlier in Kalyan Singh's ministry.Similar was the case with another BJP leader Ejaz Rizvi, who used to meet people at Aminabad crossing in the late evening. \"He used to live in Golaganj. But used to come daily to Aminabad, which was his ward,\" recalled Amit Puri, a BJP leader. Rizvi rose to the position of an MLC in 1991 and even became a cabinet minister in 1999.Ram Prakash Gupta is another name, which does not solicit much introduction. Once a nominated corporator (then called elderman), Gupta went on to become UP's chief minister in 2000. Later he also held the position of Madhya Pradesh governor. In fact Gupta was the deputy chief minister when Charan Singh formed the first non-Congress government in UP comprising opposition parties in 1967. He was the industry minister in Janata Party government led by Ram Naresh Yadav in 1977.Gomti Yadav, current Samajwadi Party MLA from Bakshi-Ka-Talab too has been a corporator in his early days. Considered as a fire brand corporator, Gomti was quite popular in the area, which had a bearing of his name -- Gomtinagar.Kusum Rai is another example of a corporator entering state level politics, at least. A senior woman leader of the BJP, Rai, is often referred as a protege of former BJP leader Kalyan Singh. In 1995 she became the corporator from Rajajipuram ward. Five years later she was elected as an MLC and was also PWD minister in the Kalyan Singh government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "14330956", "title": "Shimla toy train to run on solar power", "text": "SHIMLA: The Kalka-Shimla toy train - Himalayan Queen - has become the first in the country to have coaches operating on solar-based power system.Each coach has been fitted with a 100-watt solar panel at a cost of Rs 1.25 lakh, enabling the coaches to run for two days without the sun and make two trips to Shimla . The railways will also earn carbon credits through this green initiative.The 96km Kalka-Shimla track is on the heritage list of UNESCO. The train passes through 102 tunnels and 864 bridges is considered as an engineering marvel.Divisional railway manager, Ambala, P K Sanghi told TOI that the railways has taken the initiative of using clean and green energy for the Himalayan Queen to spread the message of saving the fragile ecology of the Himalayan state.Railway authorities initially conducted a trial run by using solar panels on the toy train running on the Pathankot-Jogindernagar track. Based on its success, all seven coaches of the Himalayan Queen were fitted with solar panels, railways officials said. After switching over to the solar system, each coach has become lighter by 500kg. It has also reduced the need for frequent maintenance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14327124", "title": "Patna University hostels' repair plan flops", "text": "PATNA: The much-needed repair work of Patna University (PU) hostels could not be undertaken during summer vacation as most inmates did not vacate their rooms after examinations.PU had earlier asked the boarders of all its hostels to vacate their rooms immediately after their examinations so that necessary repair and renovation works could be completed during the month-long vacation. But, most boarders did not oblige the authorities and they are, reportedly, still occupying their rooms.PU students' welfare dean Ejaz Ali Arshad said only the inmates of GDS Girls' Hostel, Ganga Girls' Hostel and Nadmi Hostel have vacated their rooms. The boarders of all other hostels, including PG Hostel No. 1, 3, 5, 6 and 8 at Saidpur complex are still occupying their rooms, making the repair works difficult.The last time some of these hostels were repaired was in 2006-07 when Y C Simhadri was the vice-chancellor. The Saidpur hostels were repaired at an estimated cost of Rs 35 lakh and B N College hostels were repaired at an expenditure of Rs 16 lakh. Magadh Mahila College hostels were also repaired during the period, said Arshad.In fact, some PU hostels have become virtual den of ant-social elements who often indulge in violent clashes among themselves or with the inmates of neighbouring hostels, thus, vitiating the academic atmosphere. The situation has come to such a pass that even Jackson and Minto hostels of Patna College are under the grip of rowdy elements these days. All other hostels of PU, including those of B N College, and those at Rani Ghat and Saidpur, are reportedly under the unauthorized occupation of 'outsiders'. Raids have been conducted on these hostels by the Patna police several times but there has been little improvement in the situation. Wardens and superintendents of hostels are serving as 'silent onlookers' having no control over the boarders.Arshad said the university was seized with the problem of unauthorized occupation in hostels and has initiated steps for flushing out the 'outsiders'. The district administration has been approached for extending its cooperation and help in flushing out the unauthorized occupants. All the hostels of Saidpur complex have become quite dilapidated and need thorough repair, he added.With a view to restricting the entry of undesirable students in its hostels, Patna College has decided to hold separate entrance test for allotment of hostel accommodation this year. Other colleges may also follow suit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14329141", "title": "Subjects of my books are my greatest inspiration: Shubhangi Bhadbhade", "text": "NAGPUR: What started as a creative yearning some three decades ago has bloomed into a very fulfilling career for city-based writer Shubhangi Bhadbhade. Currently in the news due to the 50th performance of her play on Swami Vivekanand's life, Bhadbhade says she is looking forward to it being staged at Chicago at the end of celebrations on the 150th anniversary of Swami Vivekanand's famous speech there.The diminutive Shubhangi, who has 68 books and 34 novels to her credit, says the divine hand propels her to write. \"I have written biographical books based on the lives of personalities like Vivekanand, Ramkrishna Parmahansa, Vinoba Bhave and Madhav Golwalkar, and they are my greatest inspirations.\"Shubhangi feels that the entire society benefits from the lives of these personalities. \"The panacea for all ills is 'sadachar' (good behaviour). This can be learnt in ample measure by studying the lives of these wise men.\"She discovered her writing talent in standard IX when she won the first prize in a story writing competition. \"I started writing short stories, and then as I grew up, I learnt a lot from my stint as literary editor in many Marathi dailies of the city. My editors helped me hone my skills. I don't see that kind of learning happening in newspapers these days.\"What popularized her writing was the stage adaptation of biographies written by her. \"I am perhaps the only writer whose play has been staged from the Andamans to Leh and Ladakh,\" she says, mentioning the play 'Idam Na Mam' based on her book of the same name on the life of Madhav Golwalkar.Her prolific output is possible because she finishes writing a book in less than six months. This she accomplishes without a research team and is self admittedly computer illiterate. \"I still use a pen to write and all my writing work is done in the morning, between 4.30 and 7.30am,\" she says. \"As a young mother that was the only time I had. Now, it's become a habit,\" she says.Ask her about the pre-release paperwork and publicity, and she floors you with her simple answer. \"I send my handwritten manuscripts to my publishers in Mumbai, Pune and Delhi, and my cheques too arrive by post. I have never kept a Xerox copy of my manuscript and have never been duped by any of my eight publishers,\" she says with an almost disarming innocence.Tell her that a smart PR outfit can benefit her and she retorts, \"These gimmicks don't sustain you as a writer. There are so many who just vanish after few years of writing. My publishers are kind to me. One publisher from Satara wrote that 'Madam your brand value has increased, I can't pay you that much', and directed me to another one in Mumbai!\"However, the 70-year-old writer thinks the information boom has helped increase her fan following. \"E-books, plays and television serials have all created a brand new set of followers of my work.\" The only thing that restricts her is language. \"Had I been writing in English or Hindi, my reach would have been way beyond what it is now,\" she says.But for Shubhangi, it is more important to record the cultural ethos of the past for the future generations. \"Through my writings I want to immortalize the works of great personalities as a reference point for the future generations.\" But social issues are also a part of her repertoire. This reflects in the working of Padmagandha Prathishthan, a social and literary organization founded by her and run by women.Her latest book, Suvarna Rekha , is based on the subject of farmer suicide. \"I am not dealing with the tragedy. I am suggesting methods and means to prevent it,\" she says. \"Another subject close to my heart is the personality of Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar . I'm not his follower but feel that the manner in which he united the deprived segments of the society was simply brilliant.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "14329730", "title": "Jayarajan not to appear before special investigation team, cites ill health", "text": "KANNUR: CPM district secretary P Jayarajan, who was supposed to appear before the special investigation team (SIT) probing the murder of Muslim Youth League worker Abdul Shukkoor, for the second round of questioning on Friday, has informed the officials that he would not be able to make it due to health problems.According to police officials, Jayarajan sent a letter on Wednesday stating that he is down with back pain and disk problems and the doctor has recommended complete bed rest for two weeks.Police said they have granted his request since it has been submitted with a medical certificate, but the questioning of DYFI state secretary and MLA TV Rajesh would take place as per earlier schedule on July 1.The SIT had earlier questioned Jayarajan on June 12, and since the questioning was incomplete, he was asked to appear for a second round of questioning. Sources say Jayarajan's statements contradict with that of other persons who were questioned.Meanwhile, the SIT has decided to intensify the raids to arrest the remaining accused in the case.It was on February 20 that Shukkoor was murdered at Ariyil allegedly by a group of CPM workers in retaliation against MYL workers blocking the vehicle of CPM district secretary P Jayarajan and T V Rajesh MLA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "sitamarhi", "code": "14327107", "title": "Villager hurt in SSB firing", "text": "SITAMARHI: A resident of village Murhaghat, Ram Shrestha Mahto, 40, sustained bullet injuries in his right leg on Thursday when the Sashastra Seema Bal (SSB) jawans, headed by Kanhauli company commandant-cum-sub inspector Pradeep Kumar, opened fire on villagers trying to cross Nepal border with fertilizer bags on their bicycles. The incident occurred at Itharwa and Murhaghat villages near Indo-Nepal border.SSB sources said the jawans fired six rounds. Murhaghat village is 27km from Sitamarhi district headquarters in Sonbarsa block. Sources said a few villagers wanted to cross over to Nepal with fertilizer bags on their bicycles. When the SSB personnel tried to stop them, the villagers resisted and called their co-villagers who resorted to brick-batting. They snatched the seized bags and bicycles from the possession of the three SSB personnel.On getting information, four constables led by sub-inspector and Pradeep rushed from Kanhauli SSB post to the spot. When they arrived there, the villagers pounced upon them and the SSB jawans opened fire in self defence, said SSB 2 commandant B Bikraman who was camping at Kanhauli along with staff officer of Muzaffarpur section, SC Rana. The injured Mahto was admitted to the Primary Health Centre, Majorganj. Later, he was sent to Sitamarhi Sadar hospital.The villagers have accused the SSB personnel of patronizing smuggling and taking benefits out of that. The villagers demanded the arrest of Pradeep who fired on them.Meanwhile, Sitamarhi district officials, led by SP Vivek Kumar, rushed to the spot and took stock of the situation. The SP said the situation was under control.It may be mentioned here that this is the second incident of firing by SSB jawans within a month. In the last week of May, they had fired on a mob at Bairgania block headquarters, killing one youth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14329342", "title": "Pune Municipal Corporation awaits fire-fighting system", "text": "PUNE: Should a fire like the one at Mantralaya in Mumbai on Thursday break out at the five-floor main office building of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC), it will not be easy to put out.The civic body's main office in Shivajinagar, visited by nearly 10,000 people everyday, has been waiting for a comprehensive and foolproof fire-fighting system for the last two years.Deputy commissioner Pravin Ashtikar, who looks after the fire brigade department, said the PMC building was equipped with fire extinguishers. \"There are around 160 fire extinguishers to tackle fires in all the buildings which house civic offices in the city and we have ordered 2,000 more.\"However, a foolproof fire-fighting system is required to control fire quickly. The installation of such systems has to be done by the building department.\"The fire-fighting system is designed to make the building safe from any incidence of fire. The proposal for installing this system was given the green signal in 2010, but it is yet to see the light of the day. Funds for installing the system are available, but the process of procurement and installation of equipment has not started as yet,\" a senior PMC official told TOI.The official stated that fire-fighting equipment at the PMC building was studied and instruments needed, finalised. Water sprinklers, storage systems and fire-fighting hydrants would be installed in the building along with fire extinguishers. The cost of the comprehensive fire-fighting system is about Rs 1 crore.\"Nothing barring extinguishers is available in the PMC building to fight fires,\" the official said.The PMC's main building is one of the busiest administrative premises in the city. There are over 20 important departments where around 2,500 employees work. These departments include building, road, water, tax, land records, audit and accounting. Nearly 8, 000 to 10,000 people visit PMC building everyday. Besides the main building there are nearly 18 administrative buildings of PMC, where fire fighting systems are to be installed.Superintending engineer of the building department Dattatray Pharate said he was not aware of the proposal to install a comprehensive fire-fighting system. \"I have taken charge recently and will not be able to give details,\" he said.Executive engineer Sandeep Khandwe of the building department said they had decided to expedite the process of installation against the backdrop of the fire at Mantralaya. \"The tender process is underway. The proposal will be put before the standing committee during the next meeting,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14330230", "title": "Navy flies across its choppers", "text": "MUMBAI: Indian Navy's Westland Sea King and Chetak helicopters were recalled around 6pm after being pressed into service at 4.50pm to rescue those stuck in Thursday's Mantralaya fire.The helicopters were flown in from INS Shikra air station at Colaba and were in position for over an hour to rescue those stuck on the higher floors through the aerial route. But their service was not used as the rescue operation was conducted at the ground level itself.The Navy and the Indian Coast Guard also rushed across three naval fire engines and 30 firefighters with specialist equipment and two ambulances for the rescue operation. \"The Westland Sea King helicopter conducted a recce and was in position. Announcements were made on news channels so that relatives of those stuck in the building could call and ask them to rush to the terrace to use the helicopters,\" Captain Manohar Nambiar, chief public relations officer, defence, told TOI.\"If the situation had deman ded, three to four such helicopters would have pressed into action . However, the service was not needed,\" said Captain Nambiar. Marine commandos were put on stand-by, he said.Rescue missionWestland Sea King is used for anti-submarine warfare and in search and rescue operationsIt can accommodate and rescue 10 people at a timeThe helicopter fleet is operated from INS Shikra air station.INS Shikra, formerly known as INS Kunjali, is a naval air station located in Colaba. It is primarily a heliportThe naval air station was commissioned as INS Kunjali on April 3, 1972. It was renamed and commissioned as INS Shikra on Jan 22, 2009", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "kokrajhar/guwahati", "code": "14329906", "title": "Bodoland Territorial Council chief slams MP's remarks on Sankardeva books", "text": "KOKRAJHAR/GUWAHATI: BTC chief Hagrama Mohilary on Thursday criticised Bodo Lok Sabha MP S K Bwiswmuthiary for demanding a ban on Srimanta Sankardeva's books 'Kirtan Ghosha' and 'Naam Ghosha'. Asking the MP to apologise, Mohilary said, \"Bwiswmuthiary has hurt the sentiments of Assamese people and created a misunderstanding at a time when we are trying to unite the people.\"Bwiswmuthiary said he did not intend to hurt the sentiments of any group and informed that the decision was taken in a meeting of Bodo historians. He added they would soon discuss the matter. The World Bodo Historical Society had urged the state government to take appropriate steps to bring the publishers to book and ban the circulation of the religious book as it consists verses against Bodo people. Mohilary said the Bodo body should not take any steps that may create a misunderstanding among the people and urged them to revert their decision.Assam Sattra Mahasabha demanded that the Bodo MP tender an apology within 72 hours for his comments on the book. The body said if he fails to tender his apology, they would write to the state government and submit a memorandum to the President and thePM seeking the MP's removal from Parliament.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14330217", "title": "Eight more dengue, one chikungunya cases reported", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Even as dengue fever cases are on the rise in the state capital, the first case of chikungunya in June was reported from Beemapally on Thursday. However, the district health administration has assured that there was no cause for concern as the virus has not been found active this time. This year only 30 cases of chikungunya were reported from the district.However, eight more dengue cases were reported in the state capital on Thursday. About 33 suspected cases have also been detected from the district. About 1,376 fever cases have been reported at various government hospitals of the district of which 113 patients have been admitted.District medical officer Dr T Peethambaran convened a meeting of all panchayat presidents of the district on Thursday to assess the fever control measures being carried out in each panchayat. About 13 panchayat presidents, who attended the meeting, concluded that the fever epidemic in their respective regions is under total control and there was no need to panic. ASHA workers in each panchayats are carrying out a door-to-door survey to report fever cases in each locality.National Rural Health Mission has decided to appoint 30 more doctors in rural areas of the district to treat fever patients. About 100 nurses, 20 pharmacists and 10 lab technicians have also been appointed on contract basis for a period of six months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14326403", "title": "Woman jumps to death at Noida factory", "text": "NOIDA: A 27-year-old woman allegedly jumped off the fourth floor of a biscuit factory after an altercation with her husband. The deceased, Jahanara Khatun, was fond of gutka but her husband disliked the habit.On Wednesday, the couple had an argument regarding the matter which resulted in the husband leaving the house for a while. On his return, the couple began to quarrel again. The husband, who was drunk, even beat up Khatun.On Thursday, Khatun, who used to live in the building premises, entered the factory and took the extreme step, said police. She was rushed to a hospital but was declared brought dead. \"Khatun's body has been sent for autopsy. Her husband can't be traced,\" deputy SP Alok Priyadarshi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14335809", "title": "Jackie and Aadhi against Rajinikanth", "text": "Superstar Rajinikanth's magnum opus Kochadaiyaan has been making the headlines since its day one of announcement. With KS Ravi Kumar to have written and conceived the story, Soundarya Ashwin is helming the affairs as director. This period flick set in the backdrops of 8th century has an ensemble of star casts Deepika Padukone , Sarath Kumar, Jackie Shroff, Aadhi, Nasser, Shobana and others. Known earlier that the Superstar is donning dual roles, now the latest buzz is that he will be seen in the roles of father and son in the movie. It is said that Rajnikanth , Jackie Shroff and Nasser play as kings and Senior Rajini fights with Jackie Shroff and later, the descendants continue their fight with Junior Rajini against Aadhi in the present generation. Who wins and how the fight comes to an end forms the rest of the plot says sources close to the unit. Extensively shot in London , Hong Kong, Chennai and Trivandrum, currently the post production works of Kochadaiyaan is going on. Kochadaiyaan is expected to hit the screens by the end of September.Source: cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14329160", "title": "Robotic surgery latest option in infertility treatment", "text": "NAGPUR: Though a very investment intensive proposition, robotic surgery is emerging as a positive option in treating infertility in women through surgical intervention. A Pune-based doctor, Dr Shailesh Puntambekar has performed 380 such surgeries in last three years in cases of endometriosis (painful periods), hysterectomy (removal of uterus) and opening and joining of tubes (tubectomy).Sharing his experience with TOI Dr Puntambekar, director of Galaxy Care Laparoscopic Institute, admits that though the surgery is still out of the reach of even the middle class, its precision and accuracy are giving good results. \"I do it mainly for oncological or cancer treatment but robotic surgery has proved very effective for fertility enhancing operations in women. It has an edge over both open procedures as well as minimal invasive procedures like laparoscopy,\" he said.Dr Puntambekar was in city for a talk in the CME and workshop on intrauterine insemination (IUI) and medical disorders in pregnancy organized by the Nagpur Test Tube Baby Centre (NTTBC) and the Nagpur Obstetrics and Gynaecology Society (NOGS).Robotic surgery has proved to be extremely effective in complex and difficult situations. \"Ligating the minute fallopian tubes in a woman is done so finely by the robot that human hand can never match. The suturing in all surgeries is also very fine and precise. This is possible also due to the great magnification robotic instruments offer,\" said Dr Puntambekar.Women who have severe pain during the periods due to endometriosis, a gynaecological condition in which the cells in the lining of the uterus also start developing outside the uterus causing hormonal imbalance. Such women are so desperate they do not mind the cost if they are completely cured. Also, in women with blocked tubes or those who underwent tubectomy as a family planning measure but end up with need of a child for some reason the tubes can be accurately joined back again.The surgery, however, requires an initial investment of about Rs 9-10 crore for basic set up. For every surgery, a Rs 40,000 robotic arm is discarded as a disposable. \"Since I am doing surgeries in a big way, it is now turning out to be an economical venture. Initially it is not something every surgeon can set up,\" said Dr Puntambekar. For patients, the cost can range up to anything from Rs 1 to Rs 1.5 lakh.The robotic advantage* It is more accurate and precise as it is done with very high resolution (40% higher than human eye) compared to the 20% higher resolution in laparoscopic surgery* The surgery is done in a 3-D manner. Human hand cannot rotate beyond 170 degrees during a surgery while the surgical arms of the robot can rotate entire 360 degrees* Is not cumbersome as the surgeon merely controls the robots looking through the console (eyes of the equipment) while they do the job* Reduces the hospital stay and post operative complications* Minimizes bleeding.* Good for corrective procedures like tumour removal, endometriosis, hysterectomy and tubectomy* Good for obese patientsLimitations* The doctor has no direct sensation or feel of the organ or tissue being operated. Hence, surgeon needs to be highly trained* The instruments are extremely bulky* Good for only complex surgeries* High cost- each surgery can cost between Rs 1 and 1.5 lakh", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "14329850", "title": "Support for Sangma rising in Meghalaya", "text": "SHILLONG: With the largest Opposition party in the country, BJP, extending its support to presidential aspirant Purno A'gitok Sangma, there is much enthusiasm in his home state with people expecting a \"respectable fight\" for Sangma in the race to Raisina Hill.\"We are extremely happy that one of the most renowned political faces from the northeast is contending for the highest office in the country,\" said Sujoy Datta, a businessman.\"He is one of the most articulate and educated politicians in the country, who has risen from a humble background. If he becomes the President, the people of the northeast will be elated,\" said Jolly Marak, a college student.Meanwhile, sources in the state unit of the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP), from which Sangma resigned yesterday, have hinted that legislators of the party, all of whom are loyal to the former Lok Sabha speaker, would vote for him in the presidential polls.Sangma's youngest son and leader of opposition in the state legislative assembly, Conrad Kongkal Sangma, is of the view that his father's resignation would have no impact on the party in Meghalaya.Sangma, who represented the prestigious Tura Assembly Constituency, put his papers down after the NCP urged him to pull out of the race and to support Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee , the UPA candidate put up by the Congress. The politician has also resigned from the state assembly. \"He had to quit the NCP because the UPA (including the NCP) are not supporting his cause as a tribal candidate who represents the minority and the Christians,\" Conradsaid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14331041", "title": "New DCP wants to check chain-snatching", "text": "MYSORE: Mysore got a new deputy commissioner of police (crime and traffic) in K P Bheemaiah, who took charge on Thursday. The new DCP said curbing of chain-snatching cases tops his priority list.The post had fallen vacant five months ago following the transfer of P Rajendra Prasad to Chamarajnagar as SP. DCP (law and order) Basavaraj Malagatti, who was holding additional charge, handed over the charge to the 1975-batch officer, who has served as the ACP with Bangalore police.Bheemaiah has served in Bellary and Holenarsipura in Hassan as dySP and also at the Crime Investigation Department (CID). He has received President Medal and the CM's Medal. In his capacity as the DCP, Bheemaiah said he will aim to manage traffic better.Vehicle lifter arrestedKuvempunagar police have recovered a stolen SUV near Dattagalli and have arrested a man on charges of stealing the vehicle.During Operation Shubodaya, which is to check vehicles and suspicious persons during early-morning hours, police succeeded in arresting Joji Thomas, 36, a native of Kasaragod in Kerala.Joji Thomas was taken into custody when he was moving around suspiciously in an SUV on Outer Ring Road at Dattagalli on Wednesday morning. During interrogation, he confessed to have stolen the vehicle from Banashankari III Stage in Bangalore in October. He was using the vehicle after allegedly replaced its registration number. According to police, Thomas was attempting to sell it when he was caught. Kuvempunagar police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14327483", "title": "Telangana Rashtra Samithi pays tribute to Jayashankar", "text": "HYDERABAD: Telangana Rashtra Samithi (TRS) president K Chandrasekhar Rao and other party leaders on Thursday paid rich tributes to late Telangana ideologue K Jayashankar on the occasion of his first death anniversary.Speaking at a meeting organised at the party office to pay homage to the late Jayashankar, KCR expressed confidence that the party's demand for a separate Telangana state would soon be fulfilled.Non-Telangana leaders should give up their rigid attitude and help in the formation of a separate state, KCR urged at the meeting, adding that realising the goal of a separate state would be the best tribute to the late ideologue. Jayashankar, an educationist, was a noteworthy champion of the separate state demand, who devoted his time and energy to promote the cause. pti", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14328178", "title": "Pratima Coutinho takes on Azgaonkar", "text": "MARGAO: Refusing to let the current Gandhi market imbroglio die down, Pratima Coutinho, Margao Municipal Council (MMC) vice-chairperson and market committee in-charge launched a scathing attack on former minister Manohar ( Babu) Azgaonkar and stated that illegal encroachments would be cleared.\"I have only done my duty and resisted pressures to allow illegalities and people are watching and want to know if the MMC will tolerate corruption and illegalities in the time of zero tolerance to corruption,\" said Coutinho on Thursday.\"I have held prominent and front-ranking positions in a national party and my family and elders have always taught me to fight injustice which I will do and the whole of Gandhi market knows who has been doing dadagiri,\" said Coutinho who is also the youth Congress state president.Coutinho refuted all allegations made by Azgaonkar against her regarding targeting only a certain group at Gandhi market said that she would not be intimidated by such threats. She added that during that inspection, vendors from the market itself informed her about a certain vendor who had encroached on the footpath and was had the backing of Azgaonkar. \"The person who is talking is accepting that encroachments are there so on what basis is he is making statements,\" added Coutinho while stating that 'those persons who live in glass houses should not throw stones'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14328821", "title": "Is Writers\u2019 Buildings the next Mantralaya?", "text": "KOLKATA: The city on Thursday remained glued to the television sets and watched in horror a devastating fire gutting the Maharashtra Mantralaya block by block. The view of trapped employees making desperate attempts to move out of the inferno left the city wondering about the safety of its own secretariat, Writers' Buildings. A reality check by TOI revealed that the 200-year-old building has virtually turned into a tinderbox. Worst still, the building that houses who's who of the state politics was found to be utterly ill-equipped to ensure a safe passage in case a disaster strikes the seat of power.Picture this: Gunny bags, frames of pedestal fans, broken furniture, unused typewriters and computers to old files and newspapers stacked along the corridors, electric wires running all across the walls and AC machines dotting every room of the building. A combination of all these have turned Writers' into a place, to say the least, where a disaster is waiting to strike.Committees have been formed every now and then, but none has worked in a decisive way to clean up the mess. Even state fire and emergency services minister Javed Ahmed Khan conceded, \"Accidents may occur and there is no foolproof system that can keep it completely protected. But the building is a lot safer now.\" The minister added that preparations are on to change the old wiring. \"Work has started and once it is complete, Writers' would be a lot safer,\" Khan said.There are over 200 rooms in the administrative headquarters, where over 6,000 employees work, some of them in crammed rooms. In the main block \u2014 the red building that runs parallel to Laldighi \u2014 there are 37 rooms on each of the three floors and another 30 on the terrace. Other four blocks follow the same pattern, only that some of the bigger rooms have been turned into smaller ones to carve out different departments. Subsequent addition of false ceilings and ACs have made matters worse. Add to that defunct fire and smoke alarms.The only silver-lining in this hapless condition of the state secretariat is that a blueprint on fire safety has been prepared by the present government and work has started on the Rs 3.5-crore project. This will involve adding CCTVs on all floors and replacing the smoke and fire alarms.According to an official, water of Laldighi is connected to 56 points at Writers' so that water can be released as soon as there is a fire. Also, recently a separate chamber for gas cylinders has been made to prevent accident. \"There's no electricity in the room where gas cylinders are kept,\" he said.But isn't the usage of gas cylinders poses a serious threat? The official replied, \"Coke ovens have been done away with. Even the canteens of block V will be shifted to the spacious G block. We also hold regular safety checks for cleaning fire lines, pumps etc.\"All said and done, only a thorough clean-up drive and proper maintenance can avert any fire, an employee said.Times ViewIt is unfortunate that Writers' Buildings is lying in a shambles. Apart from leaving a shoddy impression on delegates from other places, it puts lives of thousands of employees in jeopardy. It is commendable that the government is finally taking steps to implement proper fire safety measures. But more awareness on part of both the administration as well as the employees is needed to check any possibility of a fire. Any instrument or equipment that has the potential to cause a fire should be removed from the Writers' without any exception.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14327907", "title": "South Mumbai choked as cops shut down roads", "text": "MUMBAI: There was chaos and confusion in south Mumbai as traffic police shut down roads leading to Mantralaya after fire blazed through the state secretariat on Thursday evening. Lakhs of commuters abandoned public transport and had to walk to their destinations.Taffic police shut the south-bound lane of JJ flyover for nearly three hours to ensure faster movement of fire-fighters and ambulances. With the JJ flyover shut, there was traffic jam on Mohammad Ali Road, below the bridge. The impact of the road closure could be felt right up to Thane along the eastern express highway and to Chembur along the Sion-Panvel highway.Around 1,500 to 2,000 policemen were pressed into action. \"We checked with the BMC on the routes that fire engines and ambulances would be taking and diverted traffic for smoother passage. We even towed all vehicles which were parked around Mantralaya in order to ease movement of emergency vehicles. To update citizens about the situation , we provided information on diversions to FM radio stations,\" said additional commissioner (traffic) Brijesh Singh.\"I caught a taxi from Nariman Point around 3.30pm to head home to Marine Drive, unaware that a major fire had broken out at Mantralaya. The taxi couldn't move much as entries and exits on all roads had been closed. I had to abandon my taxi and walk home,\" said Chandresh Shah, former president of the Marine Drive residents' association.\"Traffic from the JJ flyover was diverted to P D'Mello Road via Carnac Bunder. Diversions were also given at Sunder Mahal on Marine Drive, Badhwar Park at Cuffe Parade and the stretch of Madam Cama Road where Mantralaya is situated,\" an official said. \"There were 15 to 20 fire brigades at work at Madam Cama Road and we wanted to ensure undisturbed rescue work. At least 50 traffic policemen were deputed on Madam Cama Road alone.\"South-bound traffic from Matunga to JJ Hospital on the BR Ambedkar Road was diverted towards Rafi Ahmed Kidwai Marg and P D'Mello Road. \"When I started off for CST from Sion around 3.30pm, I expected to reach my destination in half-an-hour. I was surprised when I spotted cops suddenly placing barricades on the Lalbaug flyover. From then onwards it was a total nightmare. The roads were totally choked and I had to take several alternate routes to reach my destination. I made it to CST only by 5.30pm and regretted travelling by road,\" a media person said.Railway officials said very few commuters boarded the evening locals as most of them had left for home early, after they heard about the fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14329649", "title": "Suu Kyi recalls Nehru in her address to UK parliament", "text": "LONDON: In a stirring speech before the joint session of British parliament, Myanmar's opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi on Thursday held out the promise that her country, under brutal military rule for 49 years, will achieve full democracy.Referring to her nation as Burma rather than the junta-dictated Myanmar, the 67-year-old campaigner for human rights warned, \"This is the most important time for Burma; this is the moment of our greatest need.\"Su Kyi then appealed, \"I would ask our friends here (in the 900-year-old Westminster Hall) and in Britain and beyond to support Burma's efforts towards establishment of a truly democratic and just society.\" She continued, \"My country has not yet entered the ranks of truly democratic societies but I am confident we will \u2014 with your help.\"Suu Kyi, who left Oxford 24 years ago, began her address with a reference to India's first Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru. Citing her father, general Aung San's meeting with then British PM Clement Attlee at 10, Downing Street, she said, \"He (her father) was pictured wearing a British military issue great coat... given to him by Jawaharlal Nehru en route to the UK to protect him from the cold.\"She mentioned another Indian during her 24-minute oration, sitar maestro Ravi Shankar. Talking of her dark days when she was under house arrest, she said listening to Mozart and Ravi Shankar kept her going.Throughout her sojourn of England, she has been treated like a head of state in a major departure from protocol . It emerged that Whitehall to balance its diplomacy has invited Myanmar president Thein Sein for an official trip to the UK, the first in 50 years later in 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14336899", "title": "CM voices concern over denial of education loans by banks", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Kerala chief minister Oommen Chandy today expressed concern over denial of educational loans by banks and said the guidelines prescribed by the All India Bank Association for sanctioning loans were not acceptable to the state.The state government would take up the matter with banks, he said to a calling attention of Thomas Unniyadan (KC-M) seeking steps to end the reported discrimination by banks in sanctioning educational loans.With a view to arriving at a consensus on different aspects to be presented before the banks, a meeting of MLAs, who were interested in the matter, would be held on June 25 here, he said.Government was of the view that banks should take a liberal attitude for sanctioning educational loans, he said.Earlier, banks had only one condition-- the institutions for which admission was sought should be a government recognised one, for sanctioning loans. However, in due course they added more restrictions, he said.The Cooperative banks, which were denied permission to sanction educational loans, have now got consent, Chandy said.State rural development minister KC Joseph said district level monitoring cells would be constituted to address the grievances of students applying for educational loans.Unniyadan brought to the notice of the House the difficulties and red-tape faced by students and parents to get educational loans from banks, even though Centre had announced the scheme, and wanted the state government to intervene in the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "14330831", "title": "Human trafficker managed to get Punjab security guards", "text": "JALANDHAR: Days after human trafficker Nishan Singh Toni of Sangrur landed in police net and synthetic drug Methamphetamine valued Rs 200 crore was recovered, some startling revelations of involvement of Punjab security guards have come up. Police officers did not reveal how Toni managed to arrange gunmen.Sources said he enjoyed proximity to some senior police officers. \"He was very close to a former DGP and some top brass of Punjab police which is why he cheated people more effectively and without any fear while promising to send them abroad,\" said an official source.Nishan, whose real name was Inderjit Singh, was connected with the Malta boat tragedy where about 300 Asians, mostly Indians, had died. It is learnt that Inderjit changed his name to Nishan and even acquired three new passports on this name.Inquiries revealed that he was earlier arrested in Denmark in a drug smuggling case. Meanwhile, it is also learnt that Nishan Singh managed to get near to a close aide of a minister in the state.\"Even in the official circles, he was known as Nishan, not Inderjit Singh. He presented himself to be a very influential person,\" sources said, adding that Toni owned a huge house in Sunam and had property in Delhi as well.SP (operations) Rajinder Singh said Nishan was close to Ranjit Singh Kandhola, who headed the gang and is absconding and was actively involved in supplying the drug to widen the network.A case of possessing fake passports with fake identities has been registered by the Sangrur and another case of accepting Rs 8 lakh from a person for getting him recruited as a jail warden has been registered in Amritsar. SP said Nishan had one passport in the name of Inderjit Singh and three in the name of Nishan Singh, all with different addresses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "14328942", "title": "No nominations in 132 out of 139 gram panchayats", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: There are only few takers for gram panchayat (GP) by-election announced by the state election commission in Naxal-affected Gadchiroli district. No nomination has been filed in 132 out of 139 gram panchayats going for polls on June 24. Only candidates in five wards in four gram panchayats have dared to contest the elections in entire district. Three other gram panchayats have elected their members unopposed.Naxalites are all out to shatter the democratic set-up in Gadchiroli. They have started targeting political leaders in Gadchiroli and have issued warning to rural office-bearers of local bodies to resign since last few months. Dozens of gram panchayat and zilla parishad members have resigned from their posts bowing to Naxal threat. Their terror tactics have further worked in this elections too, which is evident from the fact that none had dared to file nomination in 132 gram panchayats.By-elections were announced in 139 GPs in eight tehsils of Gadchiroli recently. Election commission declared June 24 as the polling day. Nominations were called for 19 GPs in Gadchiroli tehsil, 34 in Dhanora, 2 in Korchi, 6 in Kurkheda, 20 in Bhamragad, 19 in Etapalli, 17 in Sironcha and 22 in Aheri. Aspiring candidates were asked to file their nominations between June 5 and 9.It turned out that three gram panchayats have elected all their members unopposed. Only handful of contenders dared to contest election in five wards in four other gram panchayats, while 132 gram panchayats remained without nomination thanks to Naxal terror. There were no contestants in Gadchiroli, Dhanora, Korchi, Bhamragad and Etapalli tehsils. Nominations came in two GPs in Aheri and one each in Sironcha and Kurkheda tehsil. Apart from this members in Anglekheda and Chikli gram panchayats in Kurkheda and Vitthalpeth gram panchayat in Sironcha tehsil have been declared unopposed winner for lack of contest.Official sources in Gadchiroli election department informed that few nominations have been received for five wards in four other gram panchayats and election will be held there on due date. Three GPs have elected their members unopposed, while there was no response in remaining 132 GPs. \"Elections will be now held in only five polling booths in four gram panchayats on June 24. Election commission will decide the fate of remaining gram panchayats where elections could not be held,\" said an officer in election department. Wards going for poll on June 24 are ward No. 2 and 5 of Kurkheda GP, ward No. 3 of Sironcha (Rayyatwari) GP and ward No. 3 of Nagepalli and ward No. 1 of Aheri GP both in Aheri tehsil, he said.Sources said that there are around 40 GPs in Gadchiroli where local governance has crashed completely. These GPs are running without any local office-bearers since last few years. Now 132 gram panchayats going without election will further add to the crumbling democratic set-up in Gadchiroli. Repeated assurance of full security by guardian minister RR Patil too has failed to bring sense of safety among the rural politicians in Gadchiroli.Red Threat* Three gram panchayats elected their members unopposed* Anglekheda and Chikli GPs in Kurkheda and Vitthalpeth GP in Sironcha tehsil contestants declared unopposed* No nomination in 132 gram panchayats* No contestants in Gadchiroli, Dhanora, Korchi, Bhamragad and Etapalli tehsils* Only two nominations in two GPs in Aheri and one each in Sironcha and Kurkheda tehsil", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14327119", "title": "Archer Rahul Banerjee gets his bow box back after a week", "text": "KOLKATA: Indian recurve archer Rahul Banerjee finally got his bow box back, on Wednesday, a week after it was misplaced in transit during the Indian team's fight to Ogden, USA from Paris to take part in World Cup Stage III meet.This is also the last qualifying tournament for the London Olympics and India stand a chance to seal a berth in the team competition if they finish among the top three in this meet.Misfortune struck the team before the meet when Rahul's bow box went missing after the Indian team also including Tarundeep Rai and Jayanta Talukdar landed at Salt Lake City airport last Thursday.Frantic attempts to trace the bow box by the archer as well as Archery Association of India (AAI) officials failed to yield dividends as Delta Airlines which ferried the Indian team to the competition venue from Paris, could not trace it. Banerjee was forced to use an assimilated bow with borrowed spare parts from his teammates and other Asian archers.On Wednesday evening the airlines managed to trace the box and returned it to Rahul, but by that time the Indian team was lying seventh in World Cup and third in the Olympics qualifying meet.\"All this while the bow box had been lying at the Paris airport,\" AAI general secretary Paresh Nath Mukherjee told TOI. The Indian team travelled from New Delhi to Paris by an Air France flight and took a Delta flight to the Salt Lake City. Baggage handlers at the Paris airport had obviously failed to load the bow box.\"It's a big relief,\" Dola, sister of Rahul told TOI on Thursday. \"A top official of the Delta Airlines contacted Rahul on Monday evening and on learning about the costly missing equipment, the airlines sprang into action,\" Dola said.Rahul, however, is likely to continue using his assimilated bow in the rest of the competition.\"He (Rahul) is in a dilemma. He seems to have the adjustments and settled down with the new bow with which he shot 642 in the qualification round. So it might not be prudent to change back to his own equipment at this stage,\" Dola said.Banerjee will use both the bows during practice on Thursday before deciding on which one to stick to for the Olympic qualification rounds which will begin on Friday after the World Cup elimination round.Meanwhile, Tarundeep will clash with Gael Prevost of France for the bronze medal match in the individual category on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14326511", "title": "Allotment of plots stalled in Sector 52 of Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: Suspecting irregularities in the recent allotment of plots in Sector 52, the HUDA administrator, Praveen Kumar, has stalled the proceedings of 38 applicants.HUDA had carried out the allotment process for 157 plots to applicants whose previous allotments had run into legal hassles. The allotment process took place on June 6.Last week, HUDA officials dug out records and found discrepancies in the actual plots available and the plots allotted. Out of the 157 plots which were allotted, 38 had encroachments and should not have been included in the list of available plots.Stumbling upon the goof, the HUDA administrator has now issued specific orders to freeze transactions of the 38 allotments and conduct a probe into the irregularities.\"This is a serious oversight which needs to be probed. It appears that the records of plots were tampered with and there was a deliberate attempt to include the plots which were not cleared for allotment,\" said Kumar.HUDA has now decided that the possession of plots will not be given and no building plans will be cleared till the investigation gets over. All the records and files relating to the allotment have been seized.As per policy, the Estate Office II should not have included the plots having encroachments but it did not happen and the residents were allotted such plots, said Kumar.The detection of the discrepancies has saved HUDA from a major embarrassment and the possible litigation.\"If the allotment of the excess number of plots had gone unnoticed, then the plot owners would have dragged HUDA to court,\" said another HUDA official.The departmental probe will also fix the responsibility of the officials for knowingly including the plots which had encroachments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14327997", "title": "Another PIL filed seeking removal of Ketan Desai from Gujarat University senate", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The NGO, People for Better Treatment (PBT), has once again filed a public interest litigation in the Gujarat high court for removal of former head of Medical Council of India Ketan Desai from the senate of Gujarat University.An NRI Dr Kunal Saha of PBT has this time around sought HC directions to the governor Dr Kamla to decide on his application to remove Desai. He had filed a PIL last year as well for removal of Desai, but he was slapped with a penalty of Rs 10,000 for frivolous litigation. Last year, the petitioner sought HC directions to the university authorities to disqualify Desai on the ground that with his arrest on corruption charges, his licence to practice got cancelled.When the HC turned down his plea, PBT moved the Supreme Court and upon inquiry, the university clarified that Desai was not elected to the senate in the category of medical practitioner at all. Instead, Desai was elected uncontested in the category of qualified physician, that any person that has an MBBS degree can contest election in that category.PBT had to withdraw the PIL from the SC, but the apex court permitted the NGO to make a representation before an appropriate authority, which is the governor in this case, for she is the chancellor of the university.PBT has, therefore, come up with another PIL stating that two representations were made before the governor, but she has not responded to them or taken any action. The PIL has sought HC direction to the governor to decide PBT's application for Desai's removal on the ground that Desai's medical registration too should get cancelled as per the MCI recommendations. Hence, he should not have been allowed to contest the senate election at all after terminating his medical registration.Desai was caught red-handed allegedly accepting bribe for giving sanction to start a medical college, and later he was also booked for having property disproportionate to his known sources of income.He has been facing trial in a CBI court in Delhi since.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14330259", "title": "Naveen hails BJP backing Sangma", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Chief minister and BJD president Naveen Patnaik on Thursday welcomed BJP's announcement to back P A Sangma in the presidential election and appealed to all political parties to make the former Lok Sabha Speaker a 'consensus candidate'.\"We in the BJD believe that after so many decades of our country's Independence a tribal should go to Raisina Hill,\" Naveen said. \"All parties should extend support to Mr Sangma. He should be a consensus candidate,\" he added.On May 17, Naveen was the first to propose Sangma's candidature. His Tamil Nadu counterpart and AIADMK supremo J Jayalalithaa followed suit, leading to the Garo leader from Mizoram quitting his party, NCP, to vie with UPA's Pranab Mukherjee in the race to the Rashtrapati Bhavan.\"I am grateful and thankful to Odisha's Naveen Patnaikji and Tamil Nadu's Madam Jayalalithaaji for sponsoring my name,\" Sangma told reporters in New Delhi. \"I am happy that BJP has decided to support me,\" he said.With the Shiromani Akali Dal also favouring Sangma's candidature, BJD leaders here feel Naveen's move to back him has paid off. \"By successfully pitching for a tribal in the presidential poll, Naveen has not only raised his political stock at the national level but also apparently endeared himself to the large tribal population of Odisha (around 22.5% of 4.2 crore people in the state),\" observed a senior BJD leader.Naveen, who has since the past few months demonstrating his national ambitions by spearheading a campaign against the proposed National Counter Terrorism Centre and also speaking about the need for a non-UPA, non-NDA alternative, has all along been hailing Sangma as a 'distinguished tribal leader'.\"People from different communities have occupied the President's post, barring someone from the tribal community,\" BJD vice-president Damodar Rout pointed out. \"All non-Congress parties should back Sangma so that Congress president Sonia Gandhi's ploy to remove Pranab Mukherjee from the Prime Minister race and make her son Rahul the Prime Minister is foiled,\" Rout added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14327069", "title": "Junior doctors' strike may linger as govt firm", "text": "PATNA: The strike of the junior doctors of Patna Medical College and Hospital (PMCH) seems set to linger as the government has decided to manage the affairs of the 1675-bed premier hospital without them. Several rounds of talks held so far have failed to break the logjam. The strike entered its eighth day on Thursday.However, the government's decision of detaching the students from manning the emergency ward and examining and treating patients has not gone down well with the doctor fraternity. Says eminent surgeon and president, Bihar Medical Registration Council, Dr Narendra Prasad, \"The government is playing the numbers game. Bringing doctors from other places will not solve the problem. The government and the bureaucracy don't understand that the situation will lead to compromise with the quality of work.\"Dr Prasad said intolerance and mistakes exist on the part of both the government and the junior doctors. He accused the government of not paying attention to the genuine demands of striking doctors, saying it cannot take work forcibly without looking into the medicos' demands. At the same time, he said, the doctors should also try to meet the government's expectations. He held both the sides responsible for the present impasse.Meanwhile, a few days ago, a member of the ethics committee of the Council, Dr Sunil Kumar Singh, had said that the registration of striking doctors could be cancelled. Commenting on it, Dr Prasad termed Singh's statement as his personal view, not of the Council. \"Why should their registration be cancelled? Cancellation of registration could be done only under the relevant rules, which cannot be applied in this case.\" He, though, admitted that PMCH suffered from lack of administration for a long time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14327948", "title": "Awareness drive gains momentum too", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It was a novel experiment by the city police. While effectively managing the crowds of onlookers and devotees, the cops grabbed the opportunity to spread awareness about campaigns related to safe driving, senior citizens, and drugs.Ajay Tomar, joint commissioner of police, Sector I, said, \"Thousands of devotees and spectators throng the city roads to greet the chariots. We took the opportunity to educate and inform them. While our support to senior citizens campaign is going on, we launched road safety drive where we are warning parents against giving their vehicles to minors,\" he said.Members of 'Search My Child' group tried to get attention of the authorities and the yatra revellers by hosting a banner depicting missing children and seeking public support. However, soon after they held up the banner, a police team sent them packing saying that they have not sought permission for it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "14334791", "title": "Himachal to discuss concrete roads importance on Saturday", "text": "SHIMLA: Roads and highways are the lifeline for the state of Himachal Pradesh and their development is crucial for the economic and social transformation of the state. Difficult terrain, high construction and maintenance cost pose a serious developmental challenge for the state.But now concrete roads have proved to be the most effective solution for sustainable roads in India and also hold significance for the state of Himachal Pradesh. In this context, CII and ACC jointly have decided to promote all weather concrete roads for Himachal Pradesh. Due to extreme climate conditions in Himachal Pradesh, surfaces get eroded leading to uneven roads and makes it difficult for the commuters to travel.The conventional methods of building roads precisely, the bituminous roads which are used mostly in the State, are highly ineffective in context of maintenance and wear-n-tear. On the other hand, concrete roads themselves offer tremendous advantages over the bitumen roads in both operational and financial terms.Roads in the Himachal belt are prone to a lot of rainfalls and steep terrain, hence, maintenance is a big challenge. In such type of scenarios, Concrete roads will be the ultimate answer under sustainable solution. CII and ACC to create awareness about the concrete roads are organising a seminar in Shimla on Saturday during which experts from various states and CRRI to discuss new cost effective technologies in Rural and Urban limits.Experts like Dr Binod Kumar from CRRI, Prof BRS Murthy, Chairman, Task Force under CM of Karnataka, R S Godke, Chief Engineer, Bombay Municipal Corporation (Pioneers in Concrete Roads), Prakash Kumar, Project Director, Karnataka State Highway Improvement Plan and other experts will share the success and bottle necks with Himachal government road engineers. In addition to discussing the advantages of concrete roads for Himachal Pradesh, the experts will also highlight the success stories of various states in Maharashtra and Karnataka along with cost effective designs that will be useful for Himachal hill roads and shall share the best practices which can be implemented in rural areas and urban areas of the State.The important topics that will be discussed during the seminar are cost analysis between concrete roads and asphalt roads, importance of cost effective designs regarding concrete roads, Cell Filled Concrete (Solution for Rural Roads), speed of construction, proposed solutions for hill areas and many more things such as Roller Compacted Concrete. Skill development and capacity building along with small and effective machines will also be debated. This is the first mega technical session on roads that will be held in the State and to be attended by senior engineers and senior officials of Rural Development, Urban Development, PWD, border Roads, Military Engineering, CPWD and NHAI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14327607", "title": "Mumbai: Road to Panvel flyover to be widened", "text": "MUMBAI: Following a TOI report which predicted heavy traffic jams towards the Goa-end or Panchamukhi Hanuman Temple-end of the newly-built flyover in Panvel, the state now plans to widen the road up to Palaspe junction, a distance of about 2 km. The jams were evident soon after the flyover was inaugurated on Thursday.The new Panvel flyover, which can help Goa or Pune-bound vehicles zip through Panvel city without facing traffic on the road below, was thrown open by chief minister Prithviraj Chavan in the presence of MSRDC minister Jaidatta Kshirsagar. In the evening, a large number of motorists took the flyover, most out of curiosity.The widening will help speed up traffic towards Goa-end or Panchamukhi Hanuman temple end of the flyover. The stretch from the temple to Palaspe is so narrow that snarls here can nullify the 30 minute of traffic saved by the new flyover during peak hours.Transport experts told TOI a few hours before inauguration of the new Rs 155 crore flyover that there would be frequent traffic jams towards the temple end of the flyover as the stretch of the road up to Palaspe junction is just two-lane wide. On the contrary, the new flyover has four lanes and the road below it has six lanes, thus forcing Goa or Pune-bound traffic to face jams. Jams near the temple were evident on Thursday evening. The flyover starts near Simran Motors opposite Garden Hotel and ends towards Panchmukhi Hanuman temple beyond Vishrali Naka.\"The decision to study the possibility of widening a bridge over Kalundri river to convert the two-lane narrow road into six-lane up to Palaspe junction has been taken,\" said additional metropolitan commissioner SVR Srinivas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14328903", "title": "Norms ignored as deaths multiply", "text": "NEW DELHI: Despite various guidelines issued by the Delhi high court and Supreme Court for protection of sewage cleaners, incidents of sewer deaths continue to multiply. Sources claim there have been at least 40 sewer related deaths in the last six months in the capital and yet the guidelines have not been implemented in its entirety.A monitoring committee set up by the court has now recommended that manual scavenging be completely abolished in the city. Harnam Singh, chairman of the committee says that all civic agencies, with the exception of the Delhi Jal Board, have agreed to the proposal. \"A final meeting of all stakeholders is scheduled for July 3 and we would ideally like the proposal to be implemented by June 31. DJB is the only agency to not agree. They have given a list of three zones where roads are too narrow for machinery to go through and hence they would need manpower for these areas,\" said Singh.Meanwhile, as more and more deaths are being reported, experts say that guidelines issued by the court need to be followed strictly. The guidelines were formulated after a PIL was filed in the high court by the National Campaign for Dignity and Rights of Sewerage and Allied Workers &amp; others. The division bench in 2008 made some suggestions concerning sewage workers including their health and safety. The judgment was upheld by the Supreme Court in 2011. The court, in its order, had stressed on the need for providing modern protective equipment to the workers. It had also asked DJB, the main respondent, to provide workers with first aid facilities, shelters etc. Anyone employing sewer cleaners, including private companies, had to provide workers with full medical treatment and in case of death due to the work, a proper compensation.Even the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC), which treats this issue as a violation of Human Rights, has been trying to make the agencies follow the guidelines issued by it. In August last year, the NHRC had issued notices to the erstwhile Municipal Corporation of Delhi and DJB seeking explanation on non-compliance of its guidelines on safety of workers.Senior advocate Colin Gonsalves, who appeared for the National Campaign for Dignity and Rights of Sewerage and Allied Workers &amp; others, said that no implementation of the guidelines had been done so far. \"The agencies are yet to implement the guidelines. They just want to treat the sewage workers like slaves and want to ignore the court's order,\" he said.While civic bodies still follow rules, it is during work being carried out by private contractors that most mishaps have taken place. \"When civic agencies outsource work, they build into the agreement details like workers being provided with equipment and in case of an accident, the contractor can be back-listed or his payment held. However, none of that happens. Even if they are arrested, the case is lodged under section 304 of the IPC which is a bailable offence for causing death due to negligence. This has absolutely no effect on the contractors who continue to abuse the labourers,\" said Singh.Interestingly, there is still no precise data on the casualties due to sewer deaths. Sources say that Delhi University's social work department has been approached to gather composite data and a report will be ready soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14337135", "title": "Unwilling farmers in Singur will get back their land, assures Mamata", "text": "KOLKATA: In the wake of the Calcutta high court holding as unconstitutional the Singur Land Development Act, West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee today said her government was with the farmers and committed to return the land to them.\"Unwilling farmers in Singur will get back their land. The state government is committed to it,\" Banerjee told reporters in the assembly premises after the high court held the Singur Land Rehabilitation and Development Act, 2011 as unconstitutional and void.The state government had vested the land leased to Tata Motors for its Nano small car project at Singur.\"We are with them and we will continue to be with them. They will emerge victorious at the end,\" Banerjee said.Banerjee, however, refused to make any comment on the high court verdict.Leader of the Opposition Surya Kanta Mishra, belonging to the CPM said the high court verdict had vindicated the party's stand.\"We have been saying that the bill was unconstitutional and we had offered to give several suggestions to the government on how to go about it,\" he told reporters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14330331", "title": "Jayanthi Natarajan happy at India's success at Rio+20 summit", "text": "NEW DELHI: Buoyed by New Delhi's success at the Rio+20 summit, Union environment and forests minister Jayanthi Natarajan summed up the mood in the Indian camp at Rio de Janeiro , \"One significant development has been the restoration of the centrality of the principle of common but differentiated responsibilities (CBDR) in the environmental discourse.\"\"Equity and its manifestation, the principle of CBDR, are at the heart of international cooperation for sustainable development and we are glad that we have collectively agreed on this key issue, which is of great significance to developing countries, not least in the climate change context,\" she explained.She said, \"The outcome document also clearly recognizes poverty eradication as the greatest global challenge. In doing so, it places this squarely at the centre of the global development agenda.\"She also took a swipe at the developed countries, \"We remain disappointed with the weak political will in developed countries to provide enhanced means of implementation to developing countries,\" she said while commenting about the attempt by the rich nations to walk away from their existing obligations to provide finance and technology to the poor countries.She added, \"It was ironical that we not only faced a global meltdown \u2014 but simultaneously staring at a total environmental meltdown.\"With equity and CBDR squarely back on the global agenda, Natarajan said, \"The rich countries grew, developed and polluted the world. Consequently, when the environment movements came, they had the money to clean up. Our nascent growth and economy start our growth trajectory with the problems of a polluted world.\"She was alluding to the belief in India and other emerging economies that the developed countries are using 'environment' more as a tool to set competitive disadvantages for the new rising powers.Taking on the spin that the European Union had given to their tactics at Rio+20, the minister said, \"When we talk of the Green Economy, India is committed to a Green World Economy but, I must hasten to add, a real green economy \u2014 not a Green Washed Greed Economy, as our environmentalist says.\"The EU has pushed a one-size-fit-all green agenda as the priority for the summit and advocated global targets on environmental themes while diluting its own responsibilities and bringing down the firewall between developed and developing nations.Natarajan is leading the negotiations that has produced the final declaration \u2014 \"The Future We Want\" \u2014 that will be adopted by the heads of states in the Brazilian city on Friday. Prime Minister Manmohan Singh also addressed the gathering on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14327381", "title": "Schools told to reserve 25% seats for poor students", "text": "KANPUR: Every government, public and private school should have 25% reservation at entry level for the students from humble background from the academic session 2012-13. This was decided in a meeting of district education project committee convened by district magistrate to discuss the implementation of the Right to Education Act with the BSA at the collectorate on Thursday.The DM had instructed the BSA to send a notice to all the government, public and private schools to reserve 25% seats in class I for the students from economically poor background from the upcoming academic session of 2012-13.The school authorities have also asked to submit the list of the BPL students admitted in the schools within a deadline from the commencement of new academic season.\"The government and private schools should cooperate with the administration to implement the RTE Act in the district so that we can become a model city for implementing it,\" DM M P Agarwal said. According to the recent judgment of the Supreme Court in favour of Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education Act, 2009, (better known as the Right to Education Act or RTE Act), the composition of students in classes in private schools and the economic matters of private educational institutions will undergo dramatic changes.This has authorities of several schools worried as they don't want to support RTE but can't deny it as well.According to the RTE, all schools, including privately run ones, have to admit 25% students from socially and economically backward families from this academic year (2012-13). These students will be guaranteed free education from class I till they reach the age of 14.However, madrasas and institutions of Vedic learning will continue to be outside the ambit of the Act as the HRD ministry had declared these institutions as those of religious instruction rather than educational institutions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14326883", "title": "Property tax bill passed, opposition upset over \u2018haste\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The civic House has passed a proposal to change the property tax calculation system from ratable to one based on capital value, citing it as urgent business. However, corporators claim there was no urgency to pass the bill.Congress corporator Asif Zakaria said, \"The administration sneaked in the proposal by claiming it was urgent business. Most corporators didn't even know that it was on the agenda for discussion. When I told the mayor that it was an important issue and needed discussion, he rebuffed me saying he had to rush because of the fire at Mantralaya.\"Defending the administration, chairman of the standing committee, Rahul Shewale, said, \"The property tax proposal had already been passed in the standing committee, indicating that there wasn't any opposition to it. We needed to pass the proposal as it is high time we start collecting the taxes.\"According to the BMC, 3.87 lakh properties will benefit from tax reduction, whereas 2.75 lakh properties will face a higher rate of taxation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14327443", "title": "IIT-Kanpur faculty elated over IIT-Delhi's decision to conduct own exam", "text": "KANPUR: After IIT-Kanpur, the senate of IIT-Delhi also decided to conduct its own entrance exam in the year 2013. The decision was taken during the meeting of academic senate of IIT-Delhi on Thursday.This decision has sent a wave of jubilation among the members of the faculty forum of IIT-Kanpur who were the first in the country to decide against participating in the Common Entrance Test (CET) or Advanced JEE. Importantly, the decision taken by IIT-Delhi after IIT-Kanpur has come as a blow to Union HRD minister Kapil Sibal's proposal of holding single entrance test in place of Joint Entrance Exam (JEE).Reports reaching here said the members of the senate of IIT-Delhi have termed the proposed CET as \"academically unsound\" and stated that there should be no haste in implementing CET.The members of faculty forum of IIT-Kanpur, on the other hand, claimed that like IIT-Delhi, IIT-Bombay, Kharagpur and Roorkee too would be deciding to conduct own entrance exam instead of participating in the CET very soon.\"The senate of IIT-Bomaby would be meeting on July 5 to decide whether to conduct own entrance exam like us or to participate in the CET. But chances are quite high that IIT-Bombay would be deciding to conduct its own entrance test but they would be considering the results of Joint Admission Board meeting first and then going ahead accordingly,\" said a member of the faculty forum while talking to TOI.He said that the IIT-Kharagpur and IIT-Roorkee too would be following the IIT-Delhi. \"If IIT-Bombay, Kharagpur and Roorkee would decide to conduct their own entrance exam, the IIT-Madras and IIT-Guhawati would surely follow them. As far as we are concerned we stand on our plan of action of conducting our own exam and planning the schedule for the same,\" claimed the member of the faculty forum.He also said the other IITs have been asked to reject the new system and join hands with us and IIT-Delhi.The government had on May 28 announced the new test from 2013, under which aspiring candidates for IITs and other central institutes like NITs and IIITs will have to sit under new a format of common entrance test which will also take plus two board results into consideration.Earlier, on Thursday, the members of faculty forum of IIT-Kanpur met Director of the institute, Prof S G Dhande and updated him about the JAB meeting scheduled to be held in Delhi on June 23. They also told Director to put forth the institute's decision of holding separate entrance exam and not participating in the CET.\"Prof Dhande has assured us that he would be mentioning institute's decision in the JAB meeting and would exhort that we are going ahead with our decision and there would be no change in it,\" said another member of the faculty forum.Meanwhile, the tenure of IIT-K director S G Dhande, which was ending on June 30, has been extended for another three months by the HRD minister Kapil Sibal. The ministry stated that tenure of the has been extended for three months but if a new director is appointed within the said period, Dhande will have to go.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14326448", "title": "Jagan moves HC for bail", "text": "HYDERABAD: YSR Congress chief Y S Jaganmohan Reddy, who was arrested in a disproportionate assets case on May 27, on Thursday filed a bail petition in the AP high court. In the petition, Jagan contended that he didn't commit any crime that is being attributed to him by the CBI and also that the investigating agency didn't produce any proof of him influencing its witnesses so far.The earlier bail application moved by Jagan in CBI court soon after his arrest had been dismissed. Jagan's judicial custody is slated to end on June 25.Jagan in his bail petition said following a direction from the HC, the CBI started its probe in August 2011 and that it has filed three chargesheets citing 156 witnesses. \"When I was busy campaigning for my candidates in the recent bypolls, the CBI issued me notice under section 41(A) (1) of CrPC asking me to appear before it on May 25 and I complied with their notice. They questioned me on May 25, 26 and 27 and arrested me on May 27. In the arrest memo, the CBI said since I am an MP and that I may interfere in the process of investigation and influence the witnesses, bail should be denied,\" he said.\"However, during nine months of investigation before my arrest, the CBI never said I influenced its witnesses,\" Jagan said. \"The trial court earlier had rejected my bail plea without assigning any reason. I am an MP and will be available for investigation as and when it wants and I shall not influence any witnesses,\" he said. Saying that he will abide by conditions imposed by the court, Jagan sought bail.Nimmagadda Prasad, the man behind the Vanpic project and an accused in the Jagan assets case, also filed bail plea in the CBI court. \"I bought all the land from farmers and since there were no free allotments or concessions given to me by the state in this regard, the allegations levelled against me will not stand. I invested in Bharati cements in anticipation of profits and I made profit from the investment. In the Vanpic episode, I'm answerable to Ras Al Khaimah state and the agreement that entered into by the state and RAK didn't have the words - Build, own, operate and transfer (BOOT) as is being charged by the CBI,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14330215", "title": "Panel suggests VRS for 17% of Air India staff", "text": "NEW DELHI: Employees of erstwhile Air India and Indian Airlines are all set to lose the unlimited free air tickets they and their extended families \u2014 going right upto inlaws \u2014 have enjoyed for ages. Also almost 7,000 of the 42,000 employees \u2014 12,000 on contract and 30,000 regular \u2014 could be offered a voluntary retirement scheme ( VRS).Substantial part of this handshake for the 17% staff could come in form of employee stock option plan (ESOP) for which the merged AI should look at the option of listing on a stock exchange.These recommendations have been made in the report of the Dharmadhikari panel, that was set up to lay the roadmap for the vital HR integration of the two airlines, and whose report was finally made public on Thursday. Its thrust is that while employees would be guaranteed a minimum pay, they would need to work to earn their wages and not take them for granted at a time when the airline expects to survive only on thousands of crores of bailout package.\"A very important modification is needed in the definition of family members... As of now, family means self, spouse, children, parents, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother and sister... This should be restricted to close blood relatives who are dependent on employees,\" it says. The ministry told the panel that currently \"free passage facility (to family) is infinite and sought revision. To this, the panel recommended home travel concession to self and family once a year; LTC once in two years (for India) and once in three years for abroad where AI flies.At present, retirement age in AI is 58. The panel has suggested that performers be given an extension of one year followed by another one for one year so that such people can work till 60. However, a cap of 10% in each department and level of staff has been recommended to avoid favouritism.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14335452", "title": "Ban on digging roads during monsoon", "text": "KOCHI: Ernakulam district collector PI Sheik Pareeth on Thursday banned digging of roads for various developmental activities during monsoon. The collector issued the order after various departments including the Kerala Water Authority (KWA), Kerala State Electricity Board (KSEB) and telephone department were found continuously digging up many roads even after the monsoon set in.In his order, the collector also asked the departments to immediately repair roads that were dug up for laying pipes and cables, threatened stringent action against those who fail to comply with the order.The collector said that it had become a general practice of various agencies to dig newly laid roads. Despite repeated appeals from the local bodies and the PWD, the KWA and KSEB have refused to relay roads. Recently the MG road and the Thammanam-Palarivattom road were dug up to lay pipelines and cables.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14327379", "title": "Shortage of water a burning issue during civic elections", "text": "KANPUR: Summer and water scarcity is the story that repeats every year. The scene was similar this year also as several areas faced acute water crisis.Tall promises of providing potable water are being made by the candidates taking part in civic elections. Even locals have made the availability of potable water as a basic issue.The people are annoyed over poor co-ordination between corporators and the civic body because of which the problem of water shortage occurs. The residents feel that the lackadaisical approach of municipal authorities is responsible for acute water shortage.The groundwater table had gone down. Barely 25% of the handpumps are functional in the city making drinking water scarce, especially for the residents of Jajmau, Barra, Gujaini, Yashoda Nagar and Panki. The residents of these areas are solely dependant on handpumps for drinking water. The city has nearly 13,000 handpumps in various localities.According to data, 5,500 handpumps are out of order because of improper boring and need reboring. Similarly, more than 2,000 handpumps are out of order due to technical reasons and need to be repaired. Many handpumps are rendered useless due to wear and tear. The localities facing water are Khadepur, Hanspuram, Macharia, Yashoda Nagar, Sujanpur, Shyam Nagar, Chakeri, Gandhi Gram, Mangala Vihar, Jajmau, Juhi, Dada Nagar Barra, World Bank Colony and Naubasta.A resident of Shankaracharya Nagar in ward number 67 said that there are three handpumps installed by Kanpur Municipal Corporation and two were installed by the locals after pooling money. Only one is functional and the one installed by residents. The rest are lying dysfunctional.The interior areas of Jajmau and Ramadevi like Shivkatra, Purana Chakeri Thana, Ompurwa, Pardevanpurwa, Jagaipurwa, Sanigawan are also in the list of areas having poor portable water. The residents of these areas have to bring water from long distances as almost every second handpump is out of order.\"The civic body must give priority to areas where water resources are less in comparison to the density of population. We have sent several requests and made complaints to the local corporators, civic body, Jal Sansthan but water scarcity has become an unsolved problem in the locality,\" said Shipra, a resident of Ompurwa. The situation is same in various other wards of the area like ward 44, 66, 70, 46, 19 and 20.A majority of areas in Panki, Gangaganj, Awas Vikas too are having acute scarcity of drinking water. \"We are living along the banks of Ganga yet face acute water shortage. Easy availability of drinking water has become a mirage for us,\" said Ajit, a resident of Awas Vikas in Panki.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14329467", "title": "National Investigation Agency founder director RV Raju dead", "text": "KOCHI: Radha Vinod Raju, an IPS officer who unravelled the conspiracy behind the assassination of Rajiv Gandhi and was more recently involved in tracking footprints of LeT terrorists David Headley, died here on Thursday morningafter prolonged illness.Raju, who was founder director general of NIA, breathed his last at a private hospital here at 3.40am, family sources said.He is survived by his wife and two daughters. Raju, 62, was down with recurring pneumonia and had been admitted to hospital a week ago for lung infection.A 1975 batch IPS officer from J&K; cadre, Raju was recently appointed as adviser to the CVC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14330459", "title": "Stoning trains a game for them", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It was a fun competition among a group of juveniles high on addictive correction fluid that gave passengers of three trains a harrowing time early this week. The contest was: who will break the maximum number of windows of Duronto Express and Jan Shatabdi.Questioning of two juveniles of 18 has revealed that they sniffed correction fluid before going to the railway track and frantically pelted trains with stones to win the contest.The UT Government Railway Police (GRP) arrested two of them in as many days and sent them to a juvenile home in Ambala district on Thursday. SHO of GRP police station inspector Rajesh Kumari said, \"Two juveniles have confessed, in front of their parents, to inhaling the fluid and attacking the trains on June 18 and 19. UT police have been apprised of it.\"Sources in police said the arrested juveniles were school drop-outs and 13 to 15 years old. The group of juveniles had attacked three trains on two consecutive days. In the first incident of June 18, the driver of Jan Shatabdi, Ram Narayan Meena, was injured. A case was registered under the Railways Act. The involvement of juveniles has prompted railway and UT police to organize counselling sessions for them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14328916", "title": "Aarushi case: Talwar team cross-examines police photographer", "text": "NEW DELHI: On the second day of hearing in the Aarushi-Hemraj murder trial, lawyers of the accused couple - doctors Rajesh and Nupur Talwar - cross-examined CBI witness Chunni Lal on Thursday.Lal, a Noida police photographer, had testified before the Ghaziabad court on June 8, the first day of hearing. The Talwars' lawyers had then sought time to cross-examine him.On Thursday, the defence team questioned Lal on points ranging from the fingerprints he lifted from the crime scene to the photographs he clicked.They also filed three separate applications in court, seeking all 230 photographs clicked by Lal, the tapes used for lifting prints from the crime spot, and Chunni Lal's statements to Noida police in 2008 and to CBI %in 2010.The case will be heard again on June 25 when CBI will respond to the applications filed by the defence team. Another CBI witness, forensic expert PK Mahapatra, attended court but was not examined.The Talwars' lawyer Satyaketu Singh said, \"Chunni Lal's role was to lift fingerprints and click photographs. He was not a witness to the crime scene like investigating officer Data Ram Nanoria. But CBI upgraded his statement, which he had given to Noida police in 2008.\"In it, he had not spoken about seeing any bloodstains on the bed and the wall. In his 2010 statement, though, he claimed he saw the bloodstains.\"Also, CBI gave us some 23 photographs and we inspected the rest. But, we want the copies of all the photographs\". Singh said Chunni Lal had given differing versions on two occasions so the defence needed the original documents of the case dairy.\"We have also moved an application seeking the original tape used for lifting the prints from the crime spot. CBI has presented photographs of three-four tapes,\" said Singh. CBI counsel RK Saini said, \"We will reply to their applications on June 25\".The trial had formally started on June 8, when CBI produced its first three witnesses: Chunni Lal, forensic expert AD Saha, and electricity officer Rajesh Kumar.In his testimony, Lal had told the court that when he visited the Talwars' residence in Jalvayu Vihar around 8am on May 16, 2008, he had clicked about 23 photographs.According to Chunni Lal, there were blood spots on the wall behind Aarushi's bed but no blood was found on the toys and pillow kept on the bed. Chunni Lal's statement supports CBI's theory that the crime scene was dressed up by the Talwars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "model gram", "code": "14330916", "title": "Devinder Verma has eyes only for red", "text": "MODEL GRAM: Two red cars \u2014 Safari and Verna \u2014 and two red bikes \u2014 Hyosung ST7 and Enfield \u2014 parked outside astrologer Devinder Verma's house in Model Gram leave no doubt about his favourite colour. And when the man himself steps out of his front door flaunting a red shirt and cap, it is hardly a surprise. For neighbours, it is a common sight now to the point that anyone seeking directions to Devinder's house is promptly told to just look out for the one with four red vehicles.The 45-year-old says the colour makes him feel energetic and happy.\"I have been in love with red since I was kid. I used to buy things that were either red or of a similar colour tone. So, my sharpener, pencils, pen and geometry box were all red. Then I bought a red cycle and it has continued,\" says Devinder.Model Gram resident Devinder Verma loves all things red. Though he already owns four vehicles in that colour, his dream is to buy a red Ferrari, for which he says he is chalking out a plan.Devinder, who has also made a solar-run cycle, enjoys the attention his love for red is getting him. \"I think there is hardly anyone in the city with so many red vehicles. My house has almost become a landmark,\" he says, adding that the odd one out in his garage is a white Endeavour, which he bought only because it was not available in red.While his wife Nina says she was initially surprised by his dedication to the colour, Devinder's children Rimpy, Dimple and Gaurav say they have grown up surrounded by red. \"Whenever we go to a store we pick up a red thing for him, be it clothes or things. But for ourselves we try and buy other colours so that our house does not become a red house,\" says Nina with a smile.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14336126", "title": "Diamond city tops state in voter's awareness", "text": "SURAT: Diamond city of Surat has proved its awareness among citizens on fundamental right of voting in the state.During the ongoing campaign of voters awareness and registration of names in voters list run by state election commission , more than 1.82 lakh new voters have filled up their forms in Surat which is more than double that number in Ahmedabad a much bigger city in terms of population. The ongoing campaign which started from June 01 and will end on June 28 , 2012, has seen 85 ,000 new voters registered in Ahmedabad , 53,000 in Vadodara and 50,000 in Rajkot till June 18, 2012.For 16 assembly seats of the Surat city and district, initially 32.70,749 voters were registered with election commission. Of this 17,82,187 are males and 14, 88,530 females. \"Looking at the response from the society we feel we will cross the figure of 2.25 lakh new voters at the end of the campaign.\" said GB Mangalpara, deputy election commissioner in the city.Surat has yielded this result owing to the effective mass communication programmes run by the election branch in City and district. According to the officials they have contacted all the citizens of remote villages of the district and even gone to almost every factory in urban area to get he details of missing voters. \"We even involved colleges and schools and their authorities to get the details of students of voting age and then approached them,\" said Mangalpura.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14328850", "title": "Truck caught plying with fake order", "text": "NEW DELHI: The traffic police recently stopped a truck in Mehrauli which was plying during no entry hours but they were taken aback after the truck driver showed them a fake permission note from the office of the joint commissioner, traffic. A case of fraud and cheating was registered against the driver and the owner of the truck.The incident took place on June 11 on the Mehrauli Gurgaon Road. But when the cops insisted on the original copy of the permission, the driver of the truck, identified as, Anil Kumar, pulled out the same apparently issued by Joint CP traffic Satyendra Garg. However, the cop refused to let him go and got the same verified from the higher officials at the police headquarters.Crime branch sources say truck driver' often ply with this permission to earn huge money during no entry hours as the cops at times let them go seeing the 'permission'. They said that they have the accused in police remand and his questioning is likely to lead them to the owner of the truck who is identified as Trilok Singh. The police also said they will be questioning some toll tax officials in this regard.The cops issued a challan under appropriate sections of Motor Vehicle act and crime branch officials took over investigations. A case of fraud and cheating was registered against the driver and the owner of the truck.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "14328308", "title": "Maharashtrian man held for abusing 4-year-old girl", "text": "CALANGUTE: The Calangute police on Thursday arrested Gulab Pathan, 58, a native of Kolhapur-Maharashtra, for allegedly outraging the modesty of a four-year-old girl in Calangute. Pathan has been arrested under provisions of the Goa Children's Act, 2003.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14328041", "title": "No water at Stanley hospital for 3 days", "text": "CHENNAI: Once could almost sense the desperation in the plastic surgery ward at the Stanley Medical College and Hospital on Thursday. The building where more than 150 patients are treated daily was reportedly without water from Tuesday.Visitors couldn't even get directions to the bathrooms. Those who found bathrooms found them empty and reeking of excessive use. A nurse was heard telling a visitor: \"You better go to the next block.\"Outside the building, groups of people were bringing water in cans, plastic pots and even bottles. \"There has been no water to brush teeth or use the bathrooms,\" said Aseera Mohammed, whose nephew's finger had got disfigured in an accident.Nearly 50 relatives of patients crowded into the dean's room demanding water. Bystanders in the ward claimed that seven surgeries scheduled for Thursday were cancelled but there was no official confirmation. \"My brother, who had to get his hand operated and face restructured, has been sent back,\" said S Selvam of Red Hills. Another patient who lost half of his right leg was also sent back. \"They didn't give us a reason for the cancellation. I do not know when he will be operated,\" said his mother Saratha.Surgeons said though plastic surgery was done on an elective basis, in trauma cases, a delay could impact patients' general health. \"If the patient is a diabetic or has some other medical condition, it could worsen,\" said Dr J Sathish Kumar, a plastic surgeon based in Sri Ramachandra Medical University and Hospital.Hospital officials said it was a temporary shortage created by a faulty motor but denied that supply was absent for 72 hours at a stretch. \"The sumps were filled in regular intervals but got over quickly because of over-usage,\" said S Geethalakshmi, dean. After a discussion with Metrowater and PWD officials, she said they were introducing outpatient card for attenders to limit use of the resources. \"With every patient come three to five relatives, who bathe, eat and even wash clothes,\" said Geethalakshmi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14330096", "title": "Vehicle lifters held in Jaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: Vidhyadhar Nagar police busted a gang of three vehicle lifters on Thursday. The police claimed that the gang was involved in around 30 cases of vehicle lifting in areas of Vidhyadhar Nagar, Amber, Brahmpuri and Sanganer.Mahendra Singh, deputy commissioner of police (DCP) North said that seven motorcycles have also been recovered from vehicle lifters. Four of these vehicles were lifted from Vidhyadhar Nagar.A team was constituted under station house officer Rajendra Jain to nab the gang. Jain said, \"We received a tip off from our sources that a person has frequently been seen using new motor-bikes. So, we traced and arrested him and also recovered more bikes from his possession.\"While investigating, the police found that two other persons were also involved in the case. All of them are residents of Vidhyadhar Nagar. The police nabbed one of them from a house, while two others were arrested on production warrant.The police said that cases of vehicle lifting had increased in the area recently. To keep a check on vehicle lifting, the police stepped up their efforts and nabbed the culprits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14328189", "title": "What is prompting youngsters to indulge in violence and crime?", "text": "The influence of television and mobile has definitely created a lasting adverse impact on the minds of our youngsters today. Scenes of violence and murder are often highlighted in several TV serials. Instead of indulging in good habits like reading and playing games, most of our youngsters prefer to stay glued to the TV or the computer which provide only destructive food to their minds. And its consequences are reflected through thefts and crimes.Sr Aurora Fernandes, Korgao PernemWhat is our society focusing on? Education has the parents on the streets because of MoI, but have the parents ever come on the streets because of lack of value education? We grew up respecting elders as a priority but now the society has shifted to modernization which is very capitalistic. Its about material value, instant gratification and about highest marks children can get. We have moved away from being compassionate to our children. Its all about achievement. The problem with our kids today is social, emotional, economic and political. Do we teach our children how to handle emotions like anger management?Aldina Gomes, psychologist, BenaulimToday's youngsters are exposed to lot of violence through the electronic media since both the parents are working and there is lack of parental monitoring and guidance in the house. Sometimes, children are left in the care of strangers and they develop their value systems from these strangers. Right from a young age, children are not taught the concepts of right and wrong. They are also exposed to what is happening around us like casinos, rave parties, discos, gambling etc. This is the reason why youngsters indulge in violence.Uday Nasnodkar, service, MapusaOverall, Goan youth are not violent. But, in recent times, we find some exceptional cases in which they resort to violence for various reasons. The main reason for children to indulge in violence is the absence of guidance in the right direction as parents have no time for them as they are busy working. Besides this, on the law and order front, overall conviction rate of criminals is going down. This emboldens and encourages young people to indulge in violence.Sanjay P Sawant Dessai, Associate Professor, Curchorem", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14327264", "title": "Rs 3 lakh looted from ex-employee of power department", "text": "VARANASI: Two men, riding a motorcycle, looted Rs 3 lakh from a person in Shivpur Chungi area on Thursday afternoon.Kailashnath Singh, a native of Badaura Bazaar, had gone to Bridge Enclave branch of a bank to withdraw cash. Singh, who had retired from electricity department in 2011, kept the cash in a bag and reached Shivpur Chungi by an auto rickshaw. When he was busy in making payment to the auto driver, two motorcycle borne miscreants snatched the bag containing money and fled.Singh raised and alarm after which local youth tried to chase the looters but they managed to escape. Police reached the spot and started a checking drive.Due to repeated loot incidents in the area, resentment is brewing among the people and the cops have not succeeded in working out any case. On June 19, two motorcycle borne miscreants had looted Rs I lakh from a woman in Bhuvaneshwar Nagar Colony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14330023", "title": "1 lakh BJP workers to court arrest", "text": "JAIPUR: BJP state president Arun Chaturvedi on Thursday said leaders and workers, who will court arrest on Friday as part of the party's nation-wide jail bharo andolan, would insist on a formal registration of their names by district officials. The BJP will hold the andolan to mark the end of their campaign against Congress-led governments across the country.\"An estimated one lakh party workers and supporters will court arrest on Friday across the district headquarters in the state. We will insist on formal registration of all those who courted arrest and if the police officials try to disperse us without any registration, we would block roads and protest,'' said Chaturvedi, addressing the media.The BJP had launched a massive protest against the Congress-led government over issues of corruption, inflation and petrol price-rise on June 7. As part of the campaign, protests were held across the state in all districts.Chaturvedi said about 10,000 party workers including himself, state party in-charge Kirit Somaiya and senior leaders Ghanshyam Tiwari and Ramdas Agarwal will court arrest in Jaipur.\"Leader of Opposition Vasundhar Raje will court arrest in Jhalawar while the party's national general secretary Kiran Maheshwari will lead in Chittorgarh, Gulabchand Kataria in Udaipur, Rajendra Rathore in Churu and Digambar Singh in Bharatpur. A senior member of the party would lead the members in every district headquarters,\" Chaturvedi said.The state party chief lashed out at the economic policies of the UPA government and also at the Ashok Gehlot government.\"The state government has announced an unemployment allowance for the youth but the BJP, when it was in power in 2007, has already done this.The state government with minimum increase has only re-launched the project and that is all it has done in the last three years, re-launch the projects of the previous BJP government,\" he said, adding that the Congress governments at the state and the Centre were \"arrogant\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "puri", "code": "14329763", "title": "A Japanese touch to the car festival", "text": "PURI: Buoyed by appreciations during Rath Yatra last year, some Japanese tourists pulled a small chariot on Chakratirtha Road for the second consecutive year.The India-Japan Friendship Center (IJFC), a voluntary organization, working for promotion of tourism link between India and Japan, organized the Rath Yatra. State tourism minister Prafulla Samal inaugurated the event by pulling the chariot.Even as the giant chariots of Jagannath and his siblings continue to be the major crowd-puller, the small chariot pulled by Japanese visitors grabbed the attention of many pilgrims in the hallowed town. The chariot was constructed by a group of Japanese tourists last year. A local carpenter helped them build the chariot. \"The chariot was constructed by the Japanese tourists. Seeing good response last time, I organized it this year as well,\" said Srimanta Kumar Dash, president of IJFC.\"They were impressed by the craftsmanship of the carpenters, engaged in making the chariots for Jagannath, Balabhadra and Subhadra. They spoke their mind before me and I assisted them in making the small chariot,\" Dash said. The tiny chariot started rolling on Chakratirtha Road soon after the chariot of Balabhadra was pulled by devotees on Grand Road. A priest performed a set of rituals in line with the Jagannath temple rituals.\"It is really a lifetime experience. I had heard of the Rath Yatra. Now I felt it after pulling the chariot,\" said Ayano Nakamura, a Japanese tourist. Some Japanese tourists, who had taken part in 2011 Rath Yatra, are back this time as well. A couple, who was allegedly manhandled and molested in Rath Yatra in 2008, reached Puri a few days ago to take part in the festival. The couple got married in pure Hindu style in Puri earlier this year.Some tourists were busy shooting the chariot pulling event to make a documentary film on Rath Yatra. \"We will upload in websites and send to friends and relatives,\" Ito Azusa said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14330757", "title": "Punjab assembly adjourned twice over Bluestar memorial, honouring Rajoana", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab assembly was adjourned twice on Thursday over issues pertaining to building the Operation Bluestar memorial and honouring BKI terrorist Balwant Singh Rajoana, a convict in the assassination case of former Punjab chief minister Beant Singh.Congress legislators, led by leader of opposition, Sunil Jakhar, forced speaker Charanjit Singh Atwal to adjourn the proceedings initially for 45 minutes and later on for the day. The second adjournment came around 70 minutes before the scheduled time.Raising the issues during zero hour, Jakhar said that chief minister Prakash Singh Badal seemed to be obsessed with construction of memorials to get political mileage.Demanding a statement from the government on raising an Operation Bluestar memorial, Jakhar said that Badal was playing with fire and Punjab may lose its hard-earned peace.Jakhar alleged that the issue of memorial had been taken up by the present government to divert the attention of people from issues like unemployment, poor fiscal position and drugs problem.Some SAD members, including minister Bikram Singh Majithia and MLA Daljeet Singh Cheema, tried to stop Jakhar midway his address, but Badal asked them to listen to the leader of opposition.Jakhar also questioned the stand of alliance partner BJP over the two issues. \"Why BJP is maintaining silence on the issue of Rajoana,\" questioned Jakhar.When Jakhar finished, Badal got up and told the House that peace in Punjab would be maintained at any cost. \"Peace and communal harmony in Punjab is a matter of sacred faith for me and I am committed to defend it, even with my life. Even if I have to shed the last drop of my blood for peace and communal harmony in the state, I will consider that a part of my religious duty and will be proud of that,\" said Badal.He said that the memorial is being raised to condemn the Operation Bluestar which, as per Badal, \"is the most unfortunate incident, not only for Sikhs but for the entire country.\"\"This exceedingly painful event not only left deep wounds on the psyche of Sikh masses, but also outraged all right thinking people all over the country and world. The memorial will be just like a gurdwara where Granth Sahib will be placed and there will be no photographs of anyone in it,\" he said.However, Congress members started raising slogans and reached the well of the House forcing the speaker to adjourn the assembly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14329538", "title": "NIA founder director general who cracked Rajiv Gandhi killing case passes away", "text": "KOCHI: Radha Vinod Raju, the founding director general of the National Investigation Agency (NIA), died at a private hospital here early Thursday morning. He was 63 and is survived by his wife Achamma and daughters Renu and Sindhu.The IPS officer was admitted to the hospital a few days ago after suffering from pulmonary infection and multiple organ failure. He was under treatment for the past one year for leukaemia.Raju was born in Kochi on July 27, 1949. Before becoming an IPS officer in 1975, he worked as an officer in the Bank of India. He was a science graduate and fluent in Konkani, English, Hindu, Urdu, Tamil and Malayalam. He held various key posts in J&K; police and CBI before being appointed as the first DG of NIA in January 2009, formed by the Centre to deal with terror-related cases after the 26/11 Mumbai terror attack.Raju was part of the SIT that probed the assassination of former PM Rajiv Gandhi. Known in police circles as an efficient and upright officer, he was posted as IG (crime ) in J&K; in 1998. He was also the vigilance commissioner of J&amp;K.;After retiring from NIA in 2010, Raju wrote articles for major publications and delivered lecturers on security issues. He was also a member of the advisory board of the Central Vigilance Commission, which was formed to assist CBI in probing cases of bank, commercial and financial frauds.He has written a book along with D R Karthikeyan, the chief of SIT in Rajiv Gandhi assassination case, titled Triumph of Truth: The Rajiv Gandhi Assassination: The Investigation, in 2004.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14334563", "title": "Kollywood tweets for Vijay's b'day", "text": "It's Ilaya Thalapathy Vijay's birthday today. And his colleagues from the film industry took to Twitter to wish the star. Asin tweeted a picture of her with the actor and said \"Ilayathalapathy Vijay celebrates his 38th birthday today! Tamil cinema's one of the romantic hit pair is Vijay.\"Singer Krish wrote, \"Happy Happy birthday to my lovely lovely sweet brother... \"Ilayathalabathi Vijay anna\" we fans love u so much Na...\"Actress and dance director Gayathri Raguraman tweeted, \"Happy b'day to my favorite actor dancer Thalabathi Vijay.\" Screenwriter-director A R Murugadoss, who's working with Vijay in Thuppaki tweeted a picture of the actor in the movie on Twitter with a \"Happy Birthday VJ..\"Vijay looks stunning in the poster. His fans can't wait for the movie release. The romantic-mass hero who starred in the Nanban , the Tamil remake of blockbuster Hindi movie 3 Idiots is filming for Thuppaki in Mumbai. In one of the interviews with TOI, he said he was enjoying leading a normal life in Mumbai where he's not much disturbed. Here's wishing the Kollywood star a very successful life ahead with loads of box office hits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14329711", "title": "Merit list not hacked, aspirants goofed: Directorate General of Health Services", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Directorate General of Health Services on Thursday told the Supreme Court that high rank holders in the 50% all-India quota of medical seats got less preferred post-graduation courses not because of hacking but silly mistakes by candidates while registering their choice of courses online.DGHS counsel, senior advocate T S Doabia, informed a bench of Justices H L Gokhale and Ranjana P Desai that though the results of the examination were out a day before the scheduled declaration, there was no hacking of the merit list or the allotment of PG and diploma seats.However, he admitted that in some cases, high ranked candidates, while attempting to get their preferred course during subsequent rounds of online counseling, might have been allotted less preferred MD seats or diploma courses because of their mistake in not locking their choices on computers.In these small number of cases, Doabia said, the computer filled in the choice which was not locked and it was possible that the candidate might have been allotted that choice, giving an impression that he or she had been given a course which was not opted for.The bench said it would look into the larger picture of anomalies alleged to have arisen during the online allotment of PG medical seats but wanted to know from DGHS whether something could be done for the candidate, Pankila Mittal, who had approached the court alleging that she was being given a less preferred course despite her high rank.Pankila, who was placed 692 in the merit list, was given an MD course in Mumbai's Seth G S Medical College after the first round of counseling. To get a preferred course, she had taken a chance during the third round of counseling but ended up getting a diploma course in a medical college in Baroda which was allotted to candidates ranked around 6000 in the merit list.Though the bench expressed sympathy with the candidate's unfortunate situation, Doabia told the court that the seats were allotted through online counseling and there was little DGHS could do for her.On repeated requests of senior advocate Rupinder Suri, who appeared for Pankila, the bench asked Doabia to look into the possibility of helping the candidate out of the unfortunate situation. It also asked DGHS to file an affidavit detailing the procedure of allotment of seats through online counseling.Pankila had given instances of allotment of undesired courses to other candidates. Sudhansu Sekhar Das holding 1309 rank was allotted MD (TB and respiratory diseases) after the first round of counseling but it was cancelled after the third round and he was allotted MD (forensic medicine), which he had never opted for.Uttam Kumar Lenka with 641 rank had got MD (dermatology, venerology and leprosy) after the first round of counseling but found himself allotted a diploma in the same subject later. Vinay Kumar Muttagi was ranked 4389 and had a seat for diploma in gynecology and obstetrics but was allotted MD in forensic medicine after the third round.But the court said Pankila was arguing her case and had not filed a public interest litigation to enlarge the scope of her petition. It posted the matter for further hearing on June 27.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14333197", "title": "Delhi government to appoint 17,000 teachers", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi government will soon appoint over 17,000 teachers in its schools in the city to fill up the vacant posts.Officials said 13,960 teachers will be appointed on contractual basis and they will get a consolidated salary of Rs 14,000 per month.They said 3,536 teachers will be appointed permanently. The decision was taken at a meeting education minister Arvinder Singh Lovely had with senior officials of the department.The government has also decided to appoint 100 new Urdu teachers for the Urdu medium school. Government currently runs 20 Urdu medium schools and a new one will be set up in Seelampur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14335747", "title": "Surat Municipal Corporation to plant more than 2 lakh trees in the city from July 2.", "text": "SURAT: The Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) will embark on a gigantic task of planting more than 2 lakh trees, taking support from the denizens in all the seven municipal zones of the diamond city, with the view to increase the green cover and combat the effects of climate changes.Official sources said that civic officials in all the seven municipal zones would distribute tree saplings and bigger trees of various species free-of-cost for about a week. There is a target of distributing about 50000 to 60000 tree saplings to the residents in all the municipal zones.The residents could get their tree saplings free-of-cost from Gandhi Baug in Central Zone, Jyotindra Dave Garden in Rander Zone, Lake View Garden in Athwa zone, Maharana Pratap Garden in Varachha Zone, Casanagar Talav in Katargam Zone, Limbayat Zone office in Limbayat and Udhana zone office in Udhana.Apart from the free distribution of tree saplings, the SMC's Garden department will take up the gigantic task of planting more than 2 lakh trees in the open plots, traffic islands and other spots identified in all the seven municipal zones.SJ Gautam, garden superintendent told TOI \"We are planting bigger trees instead of tree saplings as trees have higher survival rate. The spots where these trees would be planted have already been identified in the seven municipal zone areas. We intend to start plantation drive from July 2 along with the free distribution of trees to the residents\"Experts said that the civic body has achieved a big success in planting the trees on the road side. The survival rate of the trees planted on the road side in the city is 35 per cent. However, if suppose the civic body would plant about 2 lakh trees, about 70,000 trees would survive.\"Once the trees are planted care should be taken for their survival. Watering the trees is not the issue as we are doing the exercise during the peak monsoon season. However, tree guards and other things will be taken care off from preventing the trees from falling\" said Gautam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14326908", "title": "'School chalo' drive from July 1", "text": "ALLAHABAD: For encouraging parents to send their children to school, district administration would launch 'School Chalo' campaign from July 1 to 31.In this connection, district magistrate Anil Kumar has given instructions to the officers that they should make this campaign successful. He informed that stress should be given that teachers should go home to home and encourage the parents to send their children to school so that the wards have better future.He said that during the campaign, special emphasis should be given to the children who have left their education midway and bring them to school. He said that every child in the age group of 6 to 14 should be given free and compulsory education.He also instructed the Panchayati Raj Officer to maintain cleanliness in the schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14319627", "title": "'Gangs Of Wasseypur Anurag\u2019s best so far'", "text": "Even before it has hit the screens, this violent tale of interior Bihar has captivated critics as well as audiences.Filmmaker Anurag Kashyap's \" Gangs Of Wasseypur \" might be set in the lower rungs of the Bihar mafia, but it has not just made waves in international circuits - competing at the Cannes film festival - but has also got fans in those who have watched it before release. And don't judge it primarily by its international reviews, in case you are thinking this is a film just for the 'festival types'. It has got global critics comparing Anurag to Tarantino and Coppola, but has also got the desi audience thoroughly entertained. As Anurag Kashyap says, mainstream is no more mindless.Have to see- Ranbir Kapoor Anurag is a hunter and you have to see his gun! I love the music, and my favourite dialogue is ' yeh Wasseypur hai. Yahaan kabootar bhi ek pankh se udta hai aur doosre se apni izzat bachata hai '!\"Loved it- Zoya Akhtar \"Gangs Of Wasseypur\" is a hard-core family saga set in a lawless, testosterone-driven land. I loved it. I love Anurag Kashyap and I can't wait to see part 2Anurag's best so far- Imtiaz Ali It's very enticing. I believe it's Anurag's best. It's violent, but he's made it in a very entertaining wayInsane party- Dibakar Banerjee \" Gangs \" is nonstop indulgence, like an insane party! It truly is one of the biggest guilty pleasures for life .To see Indian male sex machines in ghamchhas and chewing datun while a luscious bhabhi drools over him, to see a bullet-riddled body take thirty seconds to die while the sun blinds your eyes, and the music, which contrasts so dementedly with everything... It's like eating one-to-one rice and mutton ratio. I want to chew on it till juices run down my chin", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14328901", "title": "Kolkata to get country\u2019s first two-storey toilets", "text": "KOLKATA: The Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) may be lagging behind the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC), the Municipal Corporation of Chennai (MCC) and the Municipal Corporation of Delhi (MCD) in many aspects. But come November and the civic body will be the country's first to build two-storey public toilets across the city. While the ground floor is meant for ladies, the first floor will be used by men. Within the next two years, KMC has decided to build 170 such toilets.The cost of building each toilet stands at Rs 18 lakh of which Rs 17 lakh will be funded by the Centre. Once complete, the toilets will be handed over to self-help groups for maintenance. An official of KMC's slum development department said that these groups will collect money a part of which will go to the civic body.With merely 225 public toilets spread across the city, the civic bosses were in search of space and funds for construction of more toilets in Kolkata. After the Centre promised to release substantial funds (Rs 20 crore in the initial stage), KMC slum development department decided to utilize them to build public toilets. The main reason behind opting for double-storied toilets instead of the usual ones was the lack of space.\"We have decided to build two-storey toilets primarily because of space crunch. These toilets will fulfill the needs of lakhs of people, especially in the backward areas,\" said Atin Ghosh, the mayor-in-council member, overseeing the KMC slum development department. However, the KMC authorities are finding it difficult to find space for construction of even double-storied toilets. \"So far we have identified space for 15 double-storied toilets in different parts of the city,\" said a senior official of the KMC slum development department.It was a year back that KMC had submitted a proposal to the Centre for construction of such toilets under the minority area development scheme. In March this year, the Centre approved funds for 66 toilets in the first phase. While the first such toilet will come up at Garden Reach, the other areas that have been identified include Kidderpore, Bansdroni, Dhapa Road, Canal South Road and Park Circus among others.Policy makers at the BMC have welcomed KMC's initiative to attach importance to public hygiene sanitation. \"We have taken construction of public toilets very seriously. Currently, a survey of public toilets for women is underway. Corporators have time and again raised the issue of poor condition of public toilets. The civic administration is looking into the matter,\" said Rahul Shewale, chairman, standing committee, BMC.D Karthikeyan, municipal commissioner of Chennai, said that MMC has undertaken a major project for construction of public toilets across Chennai. \"We have given special stress on construction of public toilets in the slum areas,\" Karthikeyan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14330454", "title": "Abhishek Verma, wife remanded to judicial custody till July 4", "text": "NEW DELHI: Businessman Abhishek Verma and his Romanian wife, arrested for allegedly receiving money from a Swiss arms firm on promise that it will not be blacklisted by the Indian government, were on Thursday remanded to judicial custody till July 4 by a trial court after the CBI said the probe is still on.Verma and his newly-wed Romanian wife Ancia Neascu, who were arrested by CBI on June 8, were produced before Special Judge Sanjeev Jain, who also issued notice to the CBI for July 4 for its response on Ancia Neascu's bail plea.\"The investigation officer (IO) has requested for judicial custody of both the accused as the investigation in the case is pending. Both the accused are remanded to judicial custody till July 4,\" the judge said.After the court remanded both the accused to judicial custody, counsel for Ancia sought the court's permission to allow his client to take some articles, including cosmetics used for prevention from allergy, to the jail. The court, however, refused to entertain the application and the counsel did not press for it.Regarding the defence counsel plea that home-cooked food be allowed to be provided to the accused in the jail, the court asked the prison authorities to consider the request as per the jail rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14329379", "title": "Meeting in Vadodara to discuss socio-economic survey of Gujarat, Union territories", "text": "VADODARA: City will host a four-day regional training conference to train around 100 field staff for carrying out the 69th socio-economic survey work in Gujarat and Union territories of Dadra &amp; Nagar Haveli and Daman.The National Sample Survey Office (NSSO) under the Ministry of Statistics and Programme Implementation of Government of India will start its 69th round of survey from July 1, which will continue till December 31.The 69th round of NSSO is earmarked for surveys on drinking water, sanitation, hygiene, housing conditions and survey on slums.The four-day conference will be organized from June 25 and will continue till June 28 at Dr I G Patel Seminar Hall at M S University's Faculty of Social Work.Apart from the field staff, the conference will be attended by deputy director general A K Toprani, assistant director of NSSO Gujarat (East) Region K K Ratnottar and deputy director of Directorate of Economics and Statistics of Gujarat Government S F Vora.NSSO has been instrumental in developing a strong data base on various socio-economic parameters through its country-wide sample surveys. These surveys have helped Central as well as state governments in the process of planning and policy formulations.Using the information collected in the 69th round of survey, important indicators of living conditions of the population will be brought out, which are required for planning and policy making at various levels in the government.The NSSO slums survey seeks to measure the extent of slums problems both in notified and non-notified slums. Gujarat government on equal matching basis, will collect information using the same methodology and schedules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14337014", "title": "'Dekha Ek Khwaab' girl picks Khamoshiyaan over Pratigya!", "text": "TOI was the first to report about bubbly TV actresses Falaq Naaz being roped in for Mann Kee Awaaz Pratigya.However, with a chance opportunity, things have changed for Falaq who will now play a pivotal role on Star Plus' Khamoshiyaa n. Falaq, who is currently seen on Sony TV's Dekha Ek Khwaab as Tara, was supposed to star opposite Mohit Malik in Pratigya as Shakun, a girl from the village.When contacted Falaq confirmed the news, \"I play a very interesting character on the show. It's a huge platform and I'm glad to be a part of it. I will start shooting my sequences soon. The unit will be shooting in Kolhapur from 25th June to 5th July (2012). I will be joining them shortly there\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14328006", "title": "Thousands throng yatra route to watch Lord's journey", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A sea of humanity greeted the three chariots of Lord Jagannath's 135th Rath Yatra in the city on Thursday. Thousands of devotees thronged Jagannath temple in Jamalpur for the mangla aarti at 4.03am and lined up along the yatra route to enjoy the festival.The event started off with the ritual sweeping 'Pahind' of the yatra route by a golden broom by chief minister Narendra Modi. Modi performed the ritual for eleventh consecutive time, a record for the most number of times by any chief minister of Gujarat.\"I pray to Lord Jagannath that Gujarat which has been successful in attaining new heights of development with peace, unity and sadhbhavana should prosper and progress more with the Lord's blessing,\" Modi told newspersons. Modi, however, did not comment when asked about his Bihar counterpart Nitish Kumar's ultimatum to the BJP not to name Modi as the PM candidate in the 2014 Lok Sabha elections.The chariots of Lord Jagannath and his siblings Balram and Subhadra were ready at 7.05am to roll out, but they took over two hours to travel just 100 metres in view of the huge crowds and a large number of trucks leading the yatra.The yatra reached the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation ( AMC ) office at Danapith at 9am. Mayor Asit Vora and municipal commissioner Guruprasad Mohapatra greeted the chariots and mahant Dilip Dasji.Foreign tourists were amazed at the sea of humanity. A French group from a city-based institute said that they had not seen crowds of such proportions. \"The concept that the lords come to meet the citizens is fascinating. We will take back a lot of pictures to show to our friends and family,\" said a member of the group.It was a show of solidarity when the chariots reached Dariapur, where Muslims greeted the chariots and mahant. For the third consecutive year, there was no janta curfew and children were seen getting confectionaries from the trucks. The local women provided water to the revellers.\"It was a peaceful and joyous rath yatra for policemen as there were no major or minor incidents and the security scheme worked perfectly. We also got a lot of public support due to which the entire procession was a memorable experience,\" said a senior city police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14334867", "title": "First step to national politics", "text": "LUCKNOW: Often considered as the first step to venture politics, corporatorship, at times seems to have become a launch pad for many to enter into the national arena. The political turf of Lucknow, too, has quite a few examples where in corporators went on to make it big.Sample this: Lalji Tandon, the BJP MP from Lucknow, who is often referred to as a protege of BJP stalwart and former PM Atal Behari Vajpayee; has been a corporator of Chowk during early 1960s. People of the area recall how he first contested the municipal elections as an independent candidate on the symbol of tiger. \"He used to be very courteous and energetic,\" said SK Chaurasia, a retired government official.Later he went on become a member of UP Legislative Council for two terms, 1978-84. Subsequently he remained a member of Uttar Pradesh Legislative Assembly (MLA) for three terms, 1996-2009, and was the leader of Opposition in the UP assembly from 2003 to 2007. Tandon was the urban development minister in the cabinet under Mayawati (in the BSP-BJP combine), and also earlier in Kalyan Singh's ministry.Similar was the case with another BJP leader Ejaz Rizvi, who used to meet people at Aminabad crossing in the late evening. \"He used to live in Golaganj. But used to come daily to Aminabad, which was his ward,\" recalled Amit Puri, a BJP leader. Rizvi rose to the position of an MLC in 1991 and even became a cabinet minister in 1999.Ram Prakash Gupta is another name, which does not solicit much introduction. Once a nominated corporator (then called elderman), Gupta went on to become UP's chief minister in 2000. Later he also held the position of Madhya Pradesh governor. In fact Gupta was the deputy chief minister when Charan Singh formed the first non-Congress government in UP comprising opposition parties in 1967. He was the industry minister in Janata Party government led by Ram Naresh Yadav in 1977.Gomti Yadav, current Samajwadi Party MLA from Bakshi-Ka-Talab too has been a corporator in his early days. Considered as a fire brand corporator, Gomti was quite popular in the area, which had a bearing of his name -- Gomtinagar.Kusum Rai is another example of a corporator entering state level politics, at least. A senior woman leader of the BJP, Rai, is often referred as a protege of former BJP leader Kalyan Singh . In 1995 she became the corporator from Rajajipuram ward. Five years later she was elected as an MLC and was also PWD minister in the Kalyan Singh government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14328949", "title": "Poor rains cause sowing concerns", "text": "PUNE: The southwest monsoon may have covered the entire state, but poor rains remain a matter of concern for sowing in most parts of Maharashtra. The situation is unlikely to improve in the next two days, said India Meteorological Department ( IMD) officials here on Thursday.\"Monsoon activity has been strong in the eastern and northeastern parts of the country, but the western parts have largely remained deprived of rains,\" said Sunitha Devi, IMD's director for weather forecasting.The monsoon covered Maharashtra, including Pune and Mumbai, on June 17, almost 10 days behind schedule. Pune received 12 mm rains on June 17, but no fresh showers have been recorded thereafter.\"There is very less probability of rainfall for the next two days,\" Devi said. \"We expect a slight enhancement in rainfall activity thereafter and a sustained increase in rain from June 26 or 27,\" she added.Devi said, \"The lull is due to a combination of factors including an adverse influence of tropical cyclone 'Talim', which lies over the South China sea.\"\"The passage of a western disturbance across the northern parts of the country has worsened the rainfall situation in western parts of India,\" she said. \"The monsoon flow in the southern hemisphere has also weakened, although we expect the same to pick up by June 26 or 27,\" she added.The monsoon rains are vital for the Kharif crop across the country. Normally, sowing activity reaches a much advanced stage by the end of the third week of the season. However, this has not been the case so far.N Chattopadhyay, IMD's deputy director general for agriculture meteorology, said, \"The south central Maharashtra belt, between Satara and Kolhapur, has received better rains while there has been lesser rains in the north central Maharashtra belt, from Pune to Nashik/Jalgaon.\"\"We are issuing advisories to farmers in these areas to complete their preparatory tillage and start with sowing activity in anticipation of the rainfall situation improving in the next few days,\" said Chattopadhyay. \"North central Maharashtra has started getting rains, but the same is now scattered and not in a sustained manner,\" he added.The agriculture department has reported that sowing has been completed in only 2% of the 132.34 lakh ha area under Kharif crop in the state. This works out to 2.24 lakh ha.Paddy sowing has been done on only 4% of average area under rice cultivation while cotton sowing has been completed in 5% of the average area under cotton. Sowing for sweet corn and ground nut has been completed in 1% each of the average area under these two crops in the state, the department reported.Pune district ranks among the eight districts which have received less than 40% of their average rainfall so far. Nandurbar, Jalgaon, Aurangabad, Jalna, Beed, Osmanabad and Gadchiroli are the seven other districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14332972", "title": "Rath Yatra gets a Russian flavour in Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: The Rath Yatra of Lord Jagannath was celebrated with gaiety and fervour on Thursday in the city.International Society for Krishna Consciousness (Iskcon) organised its 41st Kolkata Rath Yatra with the theme of 'Hare Krishna movement in Russia.'\"The theme was selected to highlight the Russian Vaishnava movement and their glorious struggle for Krishna Bhakti,\" Iskcon's general manager Radharaman Das said.The procession with the idols of Lord Jagannath, Lord Balabhadra and Subhadra Devi began in the morning from Park Circus Maidan with Russian devotees leading the kirtans in front of the three chariots.It was inaugurated by chief minister Mamata Banerjee. \"My prayer to the Lord is to seek blessings to usher in peace, prosperity, happiness and awaken the conscience in this beautiful world,\" she said.The festival venue of Brigade Parade Ground has been decorated with replicas of Russian landmarks and the main gate of the grounds has the Saint Basil's Church of Moscow.For the next nine days till the return car festival on June 29, cultural troupes from Moscow will perform at the venue.Besides regular kirtan programmes, a youth festival with music performances, Russian drama and debates would also be held, Iskcon sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14328740", "title": "2 cleaners die inside sewer", "text": "NEW DELHI: Days after poisonous gas at a sewage treatment plant killed two labourers, two cleaners died inside a Rohini sewer on Wednesday morning. Shankar (40) and Manoj (19), reportedly inhaled poisonous gas while cleaning a sewer in Sector 3, Rohini. Police said the sewer is in Delhi Development Authority's (DDA) charge.\"A case of causing death due to negligence has been registered against a private contractor identified as Arun,\" said a Delhi Police official. DDA officials said the private contractor had asked the labourers to clean the sewer.\"A hotel is being built in the vicinity, and because of that, unauthorized construction was done up to the manhole. It led to sewer blockage. To resolve the problem, the owners hired labourers,\" said DDA spokesperson Neemo Dhar.The victims lived in the heart of a slum, near M2K mall in Rohini. On Thursday afternoon, the neighbourhood had gathered around Manoj's mother to console her. Barely able to speak about what transpired on Wednesday morning, when her son had gone out with Shankar to clean the sewer, she called for Rahul, Manoj's friend, who had been present at the site.\"The contractor came to them in the morning and asked them to clean the sewer located near the mall. Manoj had never done such work before and refused to enter, but he was compelled to do the job,\" alleged Rahul, adding the contractor promised both Rs 1,000 each for doing the job and Manoj, who was unemployed, accepted the offer.\"I went along with him and Shankar. While they were doing their work, I sat a few metres away and talked on the phone. When I turned to check on Manoj, I could not spot anyone,\" said the 21-year-old.Rahul said Shankar entered the sewer first. \"When he collapsed inside, Manoj went in to save him. But even he collapsed,\" said Rahul. Rahul claimed he pulled out Manoj and the police brought out Shankar.Shankar, originally from Bihar, had been living with Manoj's family for the last couple of years. Ramkali, Manoj's mother, said while Shankar often worked as a day labourer, her son had gone to clean a sewer for the first time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "14329660", "title": "Students injured in mishap in Thrissur", "text": "THRISSUR: Five school children were injured when an autorickshaw hit them from behind on Palace Road on Thursday.According to Thrissur traffic police, the incident occurred around 8.45am when the children were on their way to school.The injured have been identified as Jisna, Rini and Nini of Sacred Heart School, Thrissur; and Amritha and Arya of St Raphel Higher Secondary School, Ollur.They were sent home after giving first-aid from Aswini Hospital, Thrissur. The traffic police are yet to identify the autorickshaw driver.The traffic police took the auto into custody (KL-8-AU-1749) and registered a case against the driver for negligent and rash driving under IPC sections 297 and 337.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "manesar", "code": "14327121", "title": "Stuck in borewell, girl battles for life", "text": "MANESAR: A four-year-old girl fell into a borewell in Kasan village near Manesar while playing last night, leading to frantic efforts to rescue her from the 70-feet-deep borewell.It was a birthday celebration turned into tragedy. On Wednesday evening, Mahi's family had gathered to celebrate her fourth birthday knowing little about what was lying ahead.\"She was playing along with kids from neighborhood. I was standing right there when she suddenly slipped into the bore well. My brother jumped to save her and almost got hold of her collar. It all happened in front of me,\" said Sonia, inconsolable mother of Mahi.Initially the family was hoping against all hopes as Mahi was stuck in middle of the 68 feet deep bore well. \"Between 11:00 pm and 12:40 am she was responding to us. But then her voice began to choke and as she was trying to crawl up, she slipped further in the pit. She hasn't responded since then,\" said Mahi's father Neeraj Uppadhyay, who works as a security supervisor at a factory in Manesar.While police was informed immediately about the incident, neighbors say, they reached the spot more than an hour late and didn't even have a torch to look into the pit. \"It was only after we protested, a drill machine was called in at 1:30 am,\" said a neighbor.Authorities, however, said that they were doing everything possible to save Mahi. \"After we realized that local police were not able to rescue the child, we called in Army for help early in the morning,\" said a district administration official.But by Thursday evening the chances of Mahi's survival appeared dim as photos clicked by CCTV camera showed no signs of movement. \"The baby has been without food or water since yesterday night. We have pumped in oxygen through pipes to help the child breathe. We are just hoping that she survives,\" said a rescue worker.The area near the borewell being congested has increased the problems for the rescue team. Three JCB machines were pressed into service to dig from two parallel sides of the borewell. Rescue operations were on till late Thursday night.The family has been living in a congested one-room house at Kasan village in Manesar since last two-and-a-half years. The illegal bore well was dug up around a month back and was covered with just three loose bricks.Police have filed an FIR against house owner Rohtas Tayal, a resident of Najafgarh in Delhi, under Sections 188 and 336 of IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "14329797", "title": "Make stapled China visa an issue in presidential polls: Aapsu", "text": "ITANAGAR: Coming out in support of former Lok Sabha speaker Purno A Sangma, the Arunachal Pradesh Students Union (Aapsu) on Thursday appealed to the state government to make the matter of China issuing stapled visas to people from the state an election issue in the upcoming presidential election.Aapsu also urged all tribal MLAs and MPs of the country to support the candidature of PA Sangma in the polls. The president of the students' body, Takam Tatung, said in a statement here, \"Despite many complaints, the Centre is not serious about the visa issue.\"Tatung said that on numerous occasions, the Chinese government has humiliated citizens of Arunachal Pradesh by issuing stapled visas. \"The Arunachal Pradesh government should ask the presidential candidates to take up this issue seriously, so that whoever becomes the President of India understands this problem in a much better way,\" he added.Aapsu also felt that all tribal MLAs and MPs of the country should vote for Sangma irrespective of their party affiliations. \"We understand the fact that all MPs and MLAs, being affiliated to certain political parties, will need to toe the party line. But Sangma's candidature offers them a chance to bring the tribal people of India to the mainstream by supporting him,\" Tatung argued.\"We believe the time has come to give tribal citizens a chance to hold the highest post in the country. During his tenure as Lok Sabha Speaker, Sangma was credited for running the Lower House of Parliament with fairness. He has also served the country with utmost dedication during his tenures as union minister in the past,\" Tatung reasoned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "model town extension", "code": "14330782", "title": "Prabhdeep becomes first Gursikh pilot with Indian Coast Guard", "text": "MODEL TOWN EXTENSION: Prabhdeep Kaur Batra, a resident of Model Town Extension, who has become the first Gursikh girl from Punjab to become a pilot with Indian Coast Guard and be awarded \"Wings of Gold\" sees her success as a fitting answer to all those who practice female foeticide. On Sunday, she will be honoured by Sikh Gurdwara Prabandhak Committee for the achievement.Prabhdeep said she was one of the nine pilots at the 78th Helicopter Conversion Course (HCC) and only two women pilots including her and Rupal Kaur Lamba from Delhi were awarded the assistant commandant rank in ICG. The \"Wings of Gold\" were awarded with a certificate in the passing out parade on June 9 by chief guest vice-admiral Sunil Lamba.\"I have earned the 'Wings of Gold' and I cherish the achievement. The love and support of my parents has helped me achieve my dream,\" said Prabhdeep, who got her commercial pilot licence (CPL) in 2008 from Sydney, Australia. In 2010, she got her licence converted to Indian CPL and was commissioned in Indian Coast Guard in 2011. Prabhdeep then took helicopter training for five months at INS Rajali in Tamil Nadu and trained in sea flying for a week at INS Parundu in Ramanathapuram.Her father, Gurdip Singh, a businessman said there has been a flow of congratulatory calls for his daughter since word got around. \"She has not only made us proud but also all the women of the country. Members of the Sikh community are also organizing a special function on Sunday to honour her,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14328094", "title": "Brokers eyeing farmers' share of Arkavathy pie", "text": "BANGALORE: Arkavathy Layout site allottees have not even seen their plots eight years after the residential enclave was conceived. Those who lost their land to the layout too are yet to be compensated in any form. But that has not stopped enterprising brokers and middlemen to make a fast buck out of the sites that are yet to be offered as compensation to those whose lands have been acquired.The Arkavathy brokers are in fact brazen in their operations. An advertisement issued in the classified sections of a Bangalore newspaper two days ago proclaimed with impunity: \"Wanted BDA Arkavathy Layout landlord sites, all dimensions. Contact:...\"What are they eyeing?The brokers are targeting sites that are to be awarded as compensation to farmers whose lands have been acquired for the layout. In February 2011, the state government formally decided to give 40% of the developed land as compensation to farmers whose lands were acquired for the Arkavathy Layout.According to BDA's parameters, an acre of land yields about 20 30ft x 40ft sites on development. And the land owner will get sites totalling up to 9,583 sq ft in return of every acre of his acquired land. About 2,750 acres have been acquired for the Arkavathy Layout.How the racket worksThis reporter made an undercover call to the advertiser, who identified himself as Hanumanth, a real estate agent. The broker was told that the caller's ancestral property of 2.4 acres in Jakkur had been acquired and the family was awaiting compensation and was ready to sell the sites that would come its way later.The broker straightaway got down to negotiations and offered to pay Rs1,200 per sq ft but ended jacking it up to Rs 2,500.He also claimed that the sellers need not worry about anything and he would liaise with the BDA and manage everything including encumbrance certificate.He said that all that the seller had to do was to give a GPA and collect his money. The broker also said that he would use the GPA and bargain for sites in better locations in Arkavathy Layout.Arkavathy farmers and site allottees said that it was shocking that brokers and middlemen were out to exploit the uncertainties created by the BDA's inaction in finalizing the compensation. The farmers plan to meet soon to discuss ways to ward off the brokers.BDA's land acquisition officials refused to comment on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "14327603", "title": "Low production sends egg prices skyrocketing", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Egg lovers will think twice before buying their favourite source of energy as the price of eggs has gone up suddenly. After the chicken prices went through the roof, the price of eggs also hit a high.Now, each egg is being sold at Rs 4, even Rs 4.50-5 in some places, compared to the Rs 3 some days back. Sources in the poultry industry blame it on the 40% drop in production and high mortality rate of the birds.Market experts said that the prices of egg had soared in the last couple of months. A basket of 100 eggs were sold between Rs 200 and Rs 220 in the month of April in the wholesale market. But now, it is being sold between Rs 300-335. By the time the eggs are bought by the customers, the price goes up further.\"The cost of the feed for chicken has increased in recent times. So, it is difficult to maintain the egg price at Rs 3,\" K Ranganadha Rao, a farmer, said.Soya price has increased to Rs 30,000 a tonne from Rs 17,000 a tonne a few months ago. Similarly, prices of maize, jowar and broken rice have also increased.Experts said apart from lack of temperature conducive for laying eggs, deficient intake of feed also resulted in a big drop in the overall egg output in the state.They explained that the ideal temperature for eggs is 30-35 degree Celsius. As per the estimations of National Egg Co-ordination Committee (NECC), the egg production in the state in normal days is six crores and the consumption is 3.2-3.5 crore eggs a day.The remaining eggs are exported to West Bengal, Bihar, Odisha, Jharkhand and north eastern states. Kolkata is the main market for the poultry farmers of the coastal districts.About 60-70 lorries (each lorry carries 2 lakh eggs) are usually transported to Kolkata every day. But with dwindling production, export orders have come down. NECC Vizag zone regional officer MV Aravind hoped that the production could go up with the drop in temperatures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14330721", "title": "One out of four cervical cancer patients is an Indian", "text": "MUMBAI: A joint team of American and Singapore scientists announced recently that they had found the origin of cervical cancer, raising hopes of its early detection and treatment.They found that the human papilloma virus, the main cause for cervical cancer, initially infects only a tiny colony of cells in the woman's cervix.Although it is too early to forcefully say this, the scientists from Brigham and Women's Hospital at Harvard Medical School and Singapore's Agency for Science Technology and Research believe that the cancer threat to the woman could be nullified if these affected cells are removed.In India, the discovery underlines the poor statistics with respect to cervical cancer. Here, every seven minutes, one woman dies due to complications arising out of cervical cancer. And, every fourth patient of cervical cancer is an Indian, say statistics from the country's hospital-based cancer registry.It is the number one cancer killer of Indian women, but in metro cities it lags behind breast cancer. \"It still affects a significant number of women in urban areas as well,\" says Hinduja Hospital's Dr Hemant Toangaonkar, one of the seniormost surgical oncologists in the country. Urban slum sprawls, with low awareness about the origin of the disease, are at high risk of the disease, say doctors.\"Barely 5-6% of women in India undergo pap smear test. In slums, the corresponding figure is much lower,\" says Dr Donta Balaiah from the National Institute for Research in Reproductive Health, an ICMR ( Indian Council for Medical research) laboratory located in central Mumbai's Parel locality. Pap smear is one of the best known diagnostic tests to detect cervical cancer.The latest research underlines the need for early detection.The Boston team has found that only cells in a part of the cervix \u2014 called the 'squamo-columnar junction' \u2014 become cancerous when infected with HPV; the rest of the cervix is not affected initially.In an interview to international media, Dr Christopher Crum has been quoted as saying that his team's discovery could help doctors differentiate between benign and potentially dangerous cancerous lesion in the cervix and thus guide effective therapy.The potential is immense, considering that the World Health Organisation estimates that nearly 530,000 women are diagnosed with cervical cancer annually across the world and 275,000 die from it.The study was published online in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.A briefing session will be held tomorrow at NCUI Auditorium to share details on cervical cancer. To participate, log on to www.guardyourangel.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14327510", "title": "Another Outer Ring Road stretch to be ready by July", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) will open the Outer Ring Road (ORR) stretch between Patancheru and Shamirpet to traffic in July. Since some land at Kandlakoya near Shamirpet is entangled in legal wrangles, a temporary diversion is being provided by the authorities.\"The diversion road (link road) works are almost complete and the ORR stretch between Patancheru and Shamirpet will be opened to the public in July,\" ORR project director V Samuel Anand Kumar told TOI on Thursday.Sources said the works would be completed by this month end. If chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy gives the green signal, it would be thrown open to public in July itself. The chief minister has already agreed for the diversion at Kandlakoya during a review meeting a couple of months ago.Of the total 158 km ORR, the HMDA has already completed about 87 km and opened the stretches between Gachibowli to Shamshabad, Pedda Amberpet to Shamshabad and Narsingi to Patancheru (Phase I and Phase II-A) for public in the past three years. Another stretch Patancheru-Pedda Amberpet, part of phase-II-B, has been divided into six segments. Three packages come under Patancheru to Shamirpet which are being taken up with funding from Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA).Officials sources said of the three packages covering a distance of 38 kms, works on the stretch between Patancheru to Mallampet (11 km) and another between Mallampet to Dundigal (11.3 km) were supposed to be completed by January 2012. But that got delayed due to legal wrangles over the land acquisition at Mallampet. The third package from Dundigal to Shamirpet (15.7 km), too, is facing legal hurdles on land acquisition at Kandlakoya as the farmers approached the court against the land acquisition of 55 acres. The HMDA has planned an interchange at Kandlakoya.\"Since the land acquisition issue is still in the court, the authority has decided to make a diversion on an existing two-lane road and connect NH 7, which will again connect the ORR beyond Kandlakoya. As a result of temporary diversion, the distance will be increased by 3 km. But this will give a great relief to the commuters on Kukatpally-Balanagar road,\" a senior official of the HMDA said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14330455", "title": "Bharat Gyan Vigyan Samity elects new state committee", "text": "RANCHI: Bharat Gyan Vigyan Samity (BGVS) that believes in scientific solution in filling up educational, social and economic divide is conducting its three-day state conference to elect a new state committee. The programme was inaugurated by BGVS national general secretary Asha Mishra who guided representatives from 16 districts of the state to take up various programmes for the next three years. BGVS convenes the state conference every three years to review the achievements of previous years and formulate programmes for next three years.Talking to TOI, Mishra said the BGVS started working in the late 80s with a view to spread literacy but later realized that in order to remove social and economic divide the organization needed to emancipate its work area.Speaking about background of BGVS, she said a people's movement once helped making cent per cent population of Ernakulam district of Kerala literate. \"The Kerala Shastra Sahitya Parished ( KSSP) in collaboration with district administration used the Kalajatha concept to spread awareness about literacy and the success of model was later replicated by the Union government when the National Literacy Mission gave this responsibility to the All-India People's science Network (AIPSN),\" she said adding that BGVS was then formed as a part of the AIPSN to take care of adult education and literacy for all its campaigns.Expressing satisfaction over the work of BGVS's Jharkhand unit, Mishra said volunteers were active in 16 out of 24 districts. \"Since most of the activists join voluntarily, special effort needs to be made to form district committees in the remaining districts,\" she said.Understanding the importance of Right to Education (RTE), BGVS has strongly taken up issues related to implementation of RTE in schools and plans to organize Gyan Vigyan Jatha, Samatha Mela for women, conduct social audit of people friendly schemes like MGNREGA and intervention in health related schemes of the state and union government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14326733", "title": "District police begins tenant verification", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The district police have again started tenant verification drive. This is being done to step up security ahead of Mahakumbh.SSP Naveen Arora has directed thana officials to enroll the details of tenants staying in the city and outskirts and complete the exercise within a fixed period.Officials claim that the exercise would yield the desired results in terms of establishing direct communication with police and masses and also keeping a watch on wanted criminals who had been staying in rented accommodation. The cops have warned the landlords of legal action if they hide information about tenants.The thana cops are providing a form to landlords wherein the latter have to give detailed information of their tenants. This would be help the police to maintain records of tenants.More focus is being paid at pockets of Kotwali, Kareli, Attarsuiya, Colonelganj, Dhoomanganj, Cantt, Georgetown, Kydganj, Shivkuti and Civil Lines.The police have sought the assistance of landlords appealing them to co-operate with the police to ascertain the credential of persons having dubious character. As an estimate, the city police has to cover over four lakh houses to compile inputs of landlords and their tenants. The police are also making efforts to enlist the houses being given on rent especially those houses, which were rented out at higher prices. Police said these gangsters usually search for such houses where their activities could never be known by anyone. \"While taking the rented accommodation, they not only hide their identities, but also claim that they are in marketing jobs and had to stay outside for weeks and may be months,\" a senior police official said.SSP Naveen Arora said, \"We have sought public cooperation in making the drive successful and have appealed to people to ascertain the credentials of tenants before offering them accommodation.\"\"With demand for rented accommodation rising in city, it has become imperative for landlords to keep detailed information about their tenants. Landlords should keep a vigil on the activities of tenants,\" said inspector, Daraganj, Chandra Dhar Gaur.Last year, police had carried out surprise checks at various lodges, inns and guest houses and found that many occupants failed to provide their identities, they were asked by cops to appear at the concerned police station with proper documents or face legal action.Officials say, \"Most of the outside gangs operating in city areas hire rented accommodation to operate their activities and offer handsome amount to landlords with an aim to get the rented accommodation. There have been three cases, where landlords were given profit share of criminal incidents and further landlords were booked.\"The tenant verification drive will ensure safety and security of pilgrims who will arrive in the city for Mahakumbh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14328758", "title": "Gosi-affected to launch protest fast on June 30", "text": "NAGPUR: Gosikhurd dam authorities have started blocking the water this year but are facing a stiff resistance from the project affected persons (PAPS) who are refusing to vacate despite the threat of submergence. The oustees are demanding that water damming should begin only after they are fully rehabilitated and given their rightful compensation.According to social worker Vilas Bhongade, Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation has started blocking and this may leave hundreds of people still living in submergence area without a shelter during this rainy season. He has alleged that the authorities have made no proper arrangement for rehabilitation of the oustees.Gosikhurd Prakalpgrast Sangharsh Samiti has been demanding a compensation package as per 1999 rehabilitation norms as well as special benefits offered after the project was given national status. They are claiming that in addition to alternative agriculture land, they should be resettled with basic civic amenities and also Rs 12 lakh in lieu of government job and Rs 1 lakh for building cattle sheds and compensation for farm labour as also compensation at revised rates for the land they lost.The samiti has decided to go on a day's protest fast at the dam site on June 30 to press for their demands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14326078", "title": "Fire at Mumbai Mantralaya kills three, chars vital files", "text": "MUMBAI: Three people died and 15 were injured in a fire that raged through the top four floors of the eight-storey Mantralaya, Maharashtra's seat of power, through most of Thursday. The blaze, which started at 2.35pm, was still on at the time of going to press and it had reportedly destroyed thousands of sensitive documents, computer files and records, many pertaining to land use, de-reservation and the crucial Adarsh society scam.A combing operation by the fire brigade late in the evening revealed two bodies outside deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar's chamber. Another was found inside the building later, but its identity could not be established. \"Two bodies, completely charred, were found on the sixth floor,\" BMC commissioner Sitaram Kunte confirmed. \"Both the bodies were handed over to the police and would be sent to JJ Hospital for post-mortem exams.\" BMC officials said two of the dead were Umesh Potekar and Mahesh Gughale, businessmen from Baramati. Officials said Pawar had been informed that they were trapped on the sixth floor. \"The deputy CM tried to speak to them but no contact was possible after some time,\" a Mantralaya official said.Mantralaya has 2,500 to 3,000 employees and on any given day about 3,000 visitors. Apart from Ajit Pawar, home minister R R Patil , minister of state for home Satej Patil, EGS minister Nitin Raut and chief secretary Jayantkumar Banthia were among those in the building when disaster struck. Additional chief secretary (home) Amitabh Rajan and NCP leader Vinayak Mete escaped using a fire ladder from the top floors.Thursday's fire badly exposed the lack of preparedness of Mumbai's fire brigade and the poor fire safety equipment in the state's most important building. It raised awkward questions about the government's desire to build vertically in the city and allow towers when it struggled to control a blaze in a ground-plus-seven-storey building.In frightening scenes, many employees, including women on the higher floors, frantically tried to escape from the 57-year-old building. They crowded on balconies or perched on window sills and ledges. Scenes of people clambering down water pipes were reminiscent of recent high-rise fires in Kolkata and Bangalore.The 15 injured were rushed to JJ, GT and St George hospitals, with four being released after treatment. One patient, Hemant Khede, 45, was admitted to JJ's critical care unit with severe damage to his breathing apparatus.Speculation and conspiracy theories spread as rapidly as the fire, hinting at possible sabotage. Was it to destroy evidence of some scam\u2014like the Adarsh papers\u2014or a ploy to push for the controversial redevelopment of Mantralaya by a private developer? Government officials said that prima facie the fire began due to a short circuit outside the office of tribal development minister Babanrao Pachpute.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan refused to be drawn into conspiracy theories. \"We don't want to jump to conclusions. The Crime Branch will probe the incident,\" he said. \"I will react only after taking stock of the damage caused by this accident. I will take a meeting of officials at the new administrative building.\"The fire has reportedly left the massive complex, which is spread across over 2.5 acres, structurally weak. A structural audit will be held on Friday morning, Chavan said. \"Tomorrow, no visitors will be allowed in Mantralaya,\" he said. \"A video-recording of the entire building will take place. Senior officials, including secretaries, will inspect the damage.\"Force One, the state's elite security force, Black Cat commandos, Indian Navy personnel and the city police's Quick Response Team helped in the rescue operations.The corridors of Mantralaya have long been a dumping ground for mounds of files and they, combined with an old wiring system and plywood used to build cabins, made for a tinder-box-like situation.Despite 41 fire engines rushing to the spot, firemen struggled for several hours to adjust the hose pipes and aim them at the upper floors of Mantralaya. A resident living barely 50 metres away told TOI that fire brigade snorkels arrived as late as 7pm to control the flames in the east wing of Mantralaya. Fire engines entering the building's compound lost crucial time because of cars parked inside. There were also reports of inadequate water for the fire brigade. M V Deshmukh, director, fire services, Maharashtra, admitted that the sprinkler system in the building was not up to the mark.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "14330875", "title": "Golden Temple ber trees wilt under worship", "text": "AMRITSAR: The immense religious and historical significance of the three ber trees in Golden Temple, which are over four centuries old, is choking their existence.Thousands of tourists throng the shrine every day, touching the bark and offering parsad to the trees in reverence, not realising that this blocks the passage of sap and leads to drying up of the trees due to lack of nutrition. It also opens doors to attack by lac insects.Realising the threat to these symbols of religious belief, Punjab Agricultural University (PAU) scientists have suggested cutting parts of the trees to save them.Scientists recently emphasised to the Shiromani Gurdwara Parbhandak Committee, the highest religious body of Sikhs, that a major rejuvenation project of all trees, and especially Ber Baba Budha Sahib, is the need of the hour.\"Ber Baba Budha Sahib is more than 400 years old. Lac insects have eroded the tree and a part of it has become hollow. More support is vital so that it can stand against strong winds,\" said Dr Narinderpal Singh, a team member.The PAU team, comprising Dr Paramjit Singh, Dr Desraj and Dr Narinderpal, has urged SGPC to get the marble tiles removed from near the trees' roots to allow breathing space.The team also wants the SGPC to discourage devotees from offering \"parshad\" near the roots as this attracts insects.Dr Desraj, an entomologist, said similar treatment has been suggested for all trees of historical importance situated in the Golden Temple Complex.Golden Temple manager H S Malhi said that they would carry out the rejuvenation process as advised by the experts.Most sacredThe corner where the 440-year-old Ber Baba Budha Sahib, 400-year-old Dukh Bhanjani Beri and 400-year-old elaichi ber are located is considered to be the most sacred place in the complex.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14329283", "title": "Civic chief to decide nurses\u2019 fate", "text": "NASHIK: Municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare has been directed by standing committee chairman Uddhav Nimse to submit a report of the inquiry into the employees of Indira Gandhi Hospital within eight days, after which the suspension of the nurses would be considered.Three employees of Indira Gandhi Hospital, Panchvati, had been suspended on the grounds of negligence of duty on June 12 after a newborn died at the hospital. Varsha Dnyaneshwar Gore (28), a resident of Kalika Nagar, Dindori Road, was admitted for delivery at the NMC's Indira Gandhi Hospital at Panchvati on June 11 at 4pm but was operated on for a Caesarean section only on June 12 at 9am. The baby died after a while due to high blood pressure and low heart rate, according to the postmortem report.Finding nurses Manisha Pravin Shinde-Aher and Yaster Avinash Dariyapurkar, and Dr Sankhe guilty of negligence of duty, the authorities suspended all three on June 14.Meanwhile, the suspended employees met the chairman of the municipal sena, Shivaji Sahane, and requested him to bail them out of the suspension. Dr A V Nikam, RMO (outreach) had been appointed immediately to conduct an inquiry into the case.Corporators on Thursday said that the action against the nurses was improper and that their suspension should be reconsidered. Corporator Ashok Murtadak (MNS) said that the doctors in charge were actually responsible for the death and not the nurses.Nimse then directed Khandare to make a detailed inquiry regarding the issue and submit his report to the standing committee within the next eight days. The decision on the suspension of the two nurses would be taken after the submission of the report by the municipal commissioner.Nimse said that only nurses can't be held responsible for the death of the infant. \"The medical officer is also responsible for that,\" he said.Medical officer D B Patil said that the doctor did not go to see the patient when informed on the phone. \"It was her duty to go and check the patient earlier and then decide when the Caesarean operation should be perfomed.\"On Thursday evening, Sahane submitted a letter to Khandare asking for the nurses to be taken back till the inquiry got over and that the decision of their suspension be taken only if the inquiry finds them guilty.\"Even according to rules, suspension is done only after the accused are proven guilty after an inquiry. I am also going to request the municipal commissioner not to suspend the doctor because she will only be getting just half her pay for the two months of suspension. There are many ways of punishing, like halting increments, etc. Moreover, the hospital is very understaffed. Of the nine doctors on the hospita's rolls, six are on leave and the remaining are working overtime,\" said Sahane.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14328645", "title": "Shady past returns to haunt sub-inspector", "text": "LUCKNOW: For the city police, he was just any other sub-inspector, posted at the police lines. However, the cops got the shock of their life, when the Allahabad police arrived at city's Police Lines and told reserve inspector Rajkumar Gautam that sub-inspector Harendra Pratap Singh, who is posted here, is one of the most wanted murder accused from Allahabad's Civil Lines police station.Knowing well that the fact would be hard to digest for anyone, especially when the most wanted person is none other than a sub-inspector in job with the police, inspector Civil Lines Satyendra Prasad Tiwari then narrated Singh's story and his criminal antics.According to Tiwari, Singh is wanted in a custodial death case, which took place at Mahila Thana in Allahabad. \"The incident took place in 2001,\" Tiwari told TOI and added Shiv Chand had died in custody at the police station. It was in the same case that the then station officer of the Mahila Thana Vijay Laxmi was out on bail. The custodial death case was lodged with Civil Lines police station.\"Harendra Pratap Singh is also an accused in the same case,\" Tiwari said and added that he however, continued to remain the murder accused after that. A reward of Rs 20,000 was announced on him from the DGP headquarters in 2003 itself, Tiwari further said. In 2006, the sub-inspector was terminated from service. He was posted in Lucknow at that time.However, Singh contested his termination in the court and was ordered by the court to be reinstated. Since he was terminated from the state capital, he joined over a month back with Lucknow Police Lines on the directive of the court.In the meantime, Allahabad's Civil Lines police came to know about his joining at the police lines in Lucknow. A team from Allahabad led by its inspector arrived at police lines on Thursday. After getting to know about the incident, the RI directed the cops to produce the sub-inspector, who was then taken to Allahabad.District police chief IG Ashutosh Pandey confirmed that a sub-inspector accused of custodial death had been picked up the Allahabad police. On reaching Allahabad, Tiwari said, \"Since the sub-inspector had only contested his termination and had not taken any stay for arrest with regards to custodial death case, he had been arrested and had been brought to Allahabad.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14329138", "title": "Train driver injured in stone-pelting", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 47-year-old locomotive driver was injured in an incident of stone pelting on Wednesday when the train was crossing the Shakurbasti station and heading towards Nangloi. The driver, Pappy Singh, has been admitted at Sanjay Gandhi Hospital.According to police, some children were pelting stones at the moving train aiming at the windscreen when two stones broke the glass pane and hit Singh on the face. He received deep cuts near his eyes and forehead and he somehow managed to get the train to the Nangloi railway station,'' said a Northern Railways spokesman.Officials in the mechanical department revealed that stone pelting has been taking place with alarming regularity across zones, with Delhi division alone spending over Rs 3.50 lakh every month in replacing broken windowpanes in 28 trains.According to Northern Railways, on an average, the Delhi division replaces 122 windowpanes in Shatabdis (each costing Rs 2,096) and 50 windowpanes in Rajdhani trains, each worth Rs 1,900, every month. \"Most such incidents go unreported,\" said a divisional manager, adding that only eight FIRs were lodged last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14326811", "title": "Allahabad University declares BEd results", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The authorities of Allahabad University have declared the result of BEd Entrance Examination-2012 held on June 5. The candidates can check their result on the website www.auadmission.co.in, said Dr Dhananjay Yadav, of the department of Education.Yadav further said that the list of toppers in three categories, i.e. BEd (BA, BSc and BCom) have been announced. Those of BEd (BA), Dharm Prakash Dwivedi (roll numb 52115) has topped the entrance test whereas Vivekanand Upadhayaya (roll numb 52271) has stood second and Maha Prasad (roll numb 52757) is at number three on the merit list.Likewise in the BCom course, Katya Yadav (roll numb 53423) have topped while Upasana Yadav (roll numb 53367) is rank second and Sarah Namrata Masih (roll numb 53330) have stood third in the merit list. Similarly, in the BSc category, Manoj Kumar Srivastava (roll numb 54303) has topped while Jitendra Yadav (roll numb 54166) has stood second and Abhishek Sharma (roll numb 54131) is at number Three in the merit list, added Dr Yadav.It is worth mentioning that the entrance exam was conducted in June 5 for which around 4500 students appeared in the entrance test. The successful candidates have to now contact the offices of the principal of KP Training College and SS Khanna Girls Degree College for seeking admission and other related process as the detail counseling programme would be decided and announced by these respective colleges.Similarly, the varsity authorities, after announcing the result of MBA, have informed that the Group Discussion/Personal Interview(GD/PI) for short-listed candidates shall be held on Sunday, the July 1, 2012 at MONIRBA, Chatham Lines Campus, AU. Those applicants who qualify for GD/PI should positively report for this part of the admission test at 08:00 am on July 01 at MONIRBA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14335277", "title": "BJP workers in large number court arrest in city", "text": "SURAT: More than 5,000 workers from ruling Bhartiya Janata Party (BJP) courted arrests on Friday morning from different parts of the city under the leadership of state BJP president RC Faldu and local leaders including MPs and MLAs of the city.This protest was organized by city BJP as a part of their party's national agitation of Jail Bharo programme against the rising prices and corruption. According to the planned programme party workers from all the seven zones gathered at their pre decided places and performed last rites of rising prices of essential commodities and then courted arrests.However, limited amount of police vehicles and limited staff resulted in a peculiar situation where in when more than 700 people wanted to court arrest police had only three vans and so could arrest only 150-200 people.In Udhna Navsari MP CR Patil led the arrest. In Athwa city Mayor Raju Desai and state minister Narottam patel led BJP workers, In KatargamDarshana Jardosh, MP Surat and Nanu Vanani MLA led the group, in Rander Kishore Wankawala MLA was the leader, In Cetral zone State minister Ranjit Gilitwala was the leader, in Varacha City BJP President Purnesh Modi led the workers where as in Limbayat, PVS Sharma, and Dayashankar Singh led the workers to court arrest.Police is in the process of bringing all the arrested people to Police headquarters at Umra. It is expected they will be kept there till afternoon or early evening and then released. CR Patil Navsari MP said: \"Large number of our party workers want to court arrest to protest against rising prices and corruption . We want ouster of Congress led UPA government at center but police is picking up people. They don't have facility to take all the people who want to be arrested.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14331052", "title": "Girl learns karate, and teaches too", "text": "MYSORE: Boys and girls have been stereotyped on many fronts. One of them is martial art karate, which is most often identified with boys. But here is a girl who has been teaching karate for schoolchildren for the past two years.M P Kshama Bharadwaj started learning karate when she was in VIII Std. She was drawn to the martial art after seeing - on her way to school -- many children practising karate. \"When I asked my parents that I will join karate class, they did not discourage me. Instead, they stood by me all the time,\" says Kshama.Kshama and her elder brother joined karate school which taught Okinawa Gojuryu Karate Do style under karate master Naveen Kumar. She started learning karate for self-defence. But now, she feels that karate is keeping her physically and mentally fit.Two years ago, the then 18-year-old started teaching karate for schoolchildren. \"I want to pass on what I have learnt to others. I mostly encourage girls to take up karate. But it is disheartening that parents don't encourage their girl child in this.\" She received Dan Black Belt in karate in 2007, and Black Belt two months ago.Kshama, after taking final year BBM exam recently, is busy taking class at Teresian High School for Girls for the past one week. She is training around 55 schoolchildren, including 30 girls, in 5-15 age group.Kshama used to take classes early in the morning and in the evening, after her college hours. \"It was difficult as I had to rush from college to the class. It was even more difficult during exams. But I managed with support from family and friends,\" Kshama said, adding: \"It's like a part-time job, but I enjoy it.\" She is also teaching a student for free, considering the student's economic status.She has won prizes at many national- and state-level tournaments held at Hassan (2004), Coimbatore (2006), Jharkahand (2008), Thrissur (2009). She has also taken part in dasara tournaments for four years. Kshama has even won prize at Kata Kumite and Thai boxing category at an international-level tournament held in Malaysia in 2009.\"Parents usually don't allow girls to continue karate after X Std. But Kshama is lucky that their parents are still standing by her. She regularly attended classes and tournaments. She has a future in karate,\" said Naveen, karate master.\"She is lucky that her parents encourage her, unlike mine. Parents should not restrict daughters in joining karate\" says Sneha, Okinava Shoriniyo Karate Do Black Belt karate player.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14330425", "title": "UT\u2019s Mohali power supply line a source of trouble", "text": "CHANDIGARH: UT's supply line from Mohali has become a source of trouble for residents of southern sectors. Whenever the 66KV sub-station there develops a problem, power supply to over 30 Chandigarh sectors is snapped.On Wednesday too, a problem with the Mohali line had plunged half of the city into darkness for over six hours. With its efforts to strengthen electricity infrastructure here running behind schedule, UT has done little to take up the matter with Punjab State Power Corporation to ensure supply in accordance with the growing load in the densely-populated areas. In the past month, the supply line from Mohali developed faults almost six times, leaving various sectors without power for hours together.In case of power suspension, the electricity department is wary of transferring such heavy load areas to other sub-stations, fearing collapse of the entire system. The department is already imposing rotational cuts in southern sectors to rule out any breakdown during evening and night hours. J N Sharma, president of New Light House Building Society, Sector 51, said, \"Power cuts in southern sectors are more frequent in comparison to northern sectors. VIP sectors don't even face such kind of problems.\"V K Singh, finance secretary, said, \"I am told that there was no problem in UT's line and that it was Punjab's supply that got snapped and hit UT's supply. And so, as a precautionary measure, supply had to be switched off. After Punjab removed the hanging wires, UT's supply was restored. It was one of an accident.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "rio de janeiro", "code": "14330172", "title": "Removing poverty top priority, Manmohan tells Rio+20", "text": "RIO DE JANEIRO: Making a strong pitch for removing poverty in India and reminding the developed world of its commitment to sustainable development, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Thursday called for setting up a global system that allows each country to develop according to its own priorities.\"For developing countries, inclusive growth and a rapid increase in per capita income levels are development imperatives,\" the Prime Minister said in his address to more than 100 world leaders at the UN summit on sustainable development, popularly known as Rio+20.In a brief but focused address to the gathering that included Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff and Chinese premier Wen Jiabao, the Indian Prime Minister reminded the developed country the commitments they made 20 years ago. \"The 1992 Rio Summit correctly acknowledged that poverty eradication must remain the over-riding priority for developing countries. Those living at the subsistence level cannot bear the costs of adjustment and their livelihood considerations are important in determining how scarce natural resources such as land, water and forests are used,\" Manmohan Singh. \"Moreover, current consumption patterns in the industrialized world are unsustainable. We need to find new pathways for sustainable living,\" said the Indian leader, who was invited to speak by Rousseff amid a loud applause.In the past 24 hours, since the summit was kicked-off, the leaders of Brazil, India and China have raised the same issues and used identical language in their support to eradicating poverty. \"The outcome document clearly recognizes poverty eradication as the greatest global challenge. In doing so, it places this squarely at the centre of the global development agenda,\" India's environment minister Jayanthi Natarajan said while addressing a group of Indian mediapersons. \"We have also recognized green economy as one of the means to sustainable development and poverty eradication, and have firmly rejected unilateral measures and trade barriers under the guise of green economy,\" the minister added.On India's stance on green economy, the Indian minister left nothing to imagination with her scathing criticism of rich nations. \"When we talk of the green economy, India is committed to a green world economy but, I must hasten to add, a real green economy -- not a green washed greed economy,\" Natarajan said.On Thursday, going along with the spirit of the conference, where the developing nations have managed to keep focus on poverty despite enormous pressure from the developed nations to give more priority to green economy, the Indian Prime Minister said the problem should be guided by equitable burden sharing. \"It is for this reason that the first Rio Summit enshrined the principle of common but differentiated responsibilities. I am happy we have reaffirmed this principle as well as the principle of equity during this summit,\" the Prime Minister said.Unlike the Chinese premier, who in his address on Thursday pledged to give $6 million to a United Nations Environment Program fund for work in developing countries with environmental protection and another 200 million yuan for a project to help small island countries, least developed countries and African countries tackle climate change, Manmohan Singh didn't make any announcement on funding.However, the Prime Minister did address the issue of financing the green economy projects, something that caused a wedge between the developed nations and G-77 countries led by India, China and Brazil during the drafting of the text 'The Future We Want', which will be adopted by the summit tomorrow. \"Many countries could do more if additional finance and technology were available. Unfortunately, there is little evidence of support from the industrialised countries in these areas. The ongoing economic crisis has made matters worse,\" the Prime Minister said, again reminding the rich nations to pitch in more for sustainable development without pressuring the developing countries to adopt green economy.Earlier, speaking at the opening of the meeting, President Rousseff too had asked the developed countries to fulfill the promises of financing of sustainable development objectives 20 years ago in Rio 92. The Brazilian President defended the text presented and approved by the Brazilian delegation on Tuesday and said it was necessary that the world leaders deem most courageous steps to achieve the goals of economic growth, social inclusion and environmental protection, and stressed that \"time is the resource the highest lack\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "tirupati", "code": "14327631", "title": "Tirumala Tirupathi Devasthanam earns Rs 61 crore at hair auction", "text": "TIRUPATI: Tirumala Tirupathi Devasthanam (TTD) earned a profit of Rs 61.72 crore through 89.413 tonnes of human hair at an e-auction held here on Thursday.About 188.491 tonnes of human hair, including second, third, fourth, fifth and grey hair varieties, was placed for e-auction, of which 89.413 tonnes went for bidding. The e-auction fetched an excess of Rs 2.11 lakh than the last year.Out of 39,688 kilos of second variety human hair stock, 28,700 kilos of human hair stock was bid, fetching an amount of Rs 53.54 crore to the temple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14337066", "title": "Green activist's indefinite fast to save tigers get good support", "text": "NAGPUR: Debi Goenka of Conservation Action Trust (CAT), Mumbai, working for tiger conservation and environment protection, has urged principal secretary (forests) Praveen Pardeshi and PCCF (wildlife) SWH Naqvi to stop wildlife activist from Chandrapur Bandu Dhotre from going on an indefinite fast to fulfill long pending demands to protect wildlife, specially tigers.\"\"It is extremely unfortunate that wildlife lovers have to resort to fasting to approve legitimate and long overdue steps to protect our wildlife. It would be in the fitness of things if the government can start implementing measures before July 2. The demands are not really too much to ask, given the gravity of the situation,\"\" said Goenka.Dhotre, chief of Eco-Pro, an NGO from Chandrapur, will sit on an indefinite fast from July 2 in front of Van Bhavan, the state's forest department's headquarters at Nagpur. This may perhaps be the first time someone is attempting such a thing for the protection of wildlife and tigers.Dhotre wants forests with Forest Development Corporation of Maharashtra (FDCM) in Chandrapur district to be merged with Chandrapur division and a separate wildlife circle be formed. He wants that an 'Electronic Eye' system in Tadoba-Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR) be installed, like in Jim Corbet Tiger Reserve.Goenka said to secure future of tigers their corridors around TATR need to be protected. Dhotre's demand also include 'Corridor mapping' through Wildlife Institute of India ( WII ).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14334254", "title": "Akshay miffed with dad-in-law's sickness rumours", "text": "After a whole day of speculations and rumours of veteran super star Rajesh Khanna being in a critical state of health, his son-in-law actor Akshay Kumar , set the talks straight and tweeted about his FIL being hale and hearty. Akshay wrote, \"All those spreading rumours, a humble request, get your facts right before reporting.And for those genuinely concerned &amp; inquiring about my father in-law's health, he is doing fine now &amp; on the road to recovery. Thank you for your good wishes.\" Since day before yesterday rumours were rife about the veteran actor being very ill and not being able to eat or drink also now. On Thursday a new rumour spread that the actor had breathed his last. Gossip also had that his family was close by his side and younger daughter Rinki was in fact flying in from abroad to be with her father.Dimple, Khanna's ex-wife was supposed to be looking after him day and night. But the truth being that Rajesh Khanna is fine and although his family is with him and Dimple is looking after him, he is not as critically ill as he was rumoured to be. Khanna has not been keeping well of late and was recently seen in an ad for fans directed by R Balki. Khanna gifted his younger daughter Rinki a BMW car with the money he earned from this ad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14326971", "title": "Rajesh Khanna waves at fans, dispels talks of ill health", "text": "MUMBAI: Actor Rajesh Khanna on Thursday rubbished the rumours about his deteriorating health. The actor, along with his son-in-law Akshay Kumar and wife Dimple Kapadia , walked into the balcony of his 'Aashirwaad' bungalow and waved at his fans. He showed the victory sign to the crowd indicating that he was fine.Akshay Kumar later tweeted, \"All those spreading rumours, a humble request, get your facts right before reporting. And for those genuinely concerned &amp; inquiring about my father in-law's health, he is doing fine now &amp; on the road to recovery. Thank you for your good wishes.\"The rumour about the actor's health surfaced on Wednesday night after reports about the actor being unable to digest solid food and that he had been put on liquid diet. Khanna has been in and out of hospital in the last couple of months. An old fan of the actor said, \"Kakaji's gesture today reminded us of his superstar days when crowds used to stand outside his house to catch a glimpse of him.\"Friends and relatives of Khanna continued to visit him at his residence. His wife, daughters\u2014Twinkle and Rinke\u2014have been spending a lot of time with him. At a recent award function, Khanna had mentioned that his drinking habit had taken a toll on his health. The superstar has almost 150 films to his credit and recently shot his first commercial for a ceiling fan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "jalpaiguri", "code": "14328664", "title": "Poaching whiff in elephant death", "text": "JALPAIGURI: In what appears to be a case of poaching, the body of an adult elephant was found, with its tusks chopped off, at the Khuttimari forest in Jalpaiguri on Thursday morning. Foresters spotted the carcass at South Moraghat Compartment in Gosaihaat beat under Moraghat range of the forest.It may be noted that after almost a decade, a case of elephant death for its tusks has been reported in the state.Sources said it was an ailing tusker and stranded at Khuttimari forest for the last four months. Though the forest department officials had tried their best to treat it, they failed as the elephant was wild and was in no mood to cooperate. \"Since the tusker was already injured, we could not take the risk of tranquillizing it as that might result in an early death of the animal,\" said a forester.The tusker hardly moved in the initial days after it got stranded at the forest. But of late, it had started moving, indicating that the animal was responding to the treatment by the forest department.While the tusker was recovering from the injuries, its death in the wee hours on Thursday came as a severe blow to the forest officials. Though the post mortem revealed that it was a natural death, foresters and environmentalists are in a shock as its tusks are missing.\"Even last week the tusker had raided a paddy field near Dhupguri. It's really surprising that the animal would collapse suddenly. More importantly, the tusks are missing. There is every possibility of poaching in this particular case\", said a forester. After preliminary investigation, the foresters are suspecting involvement of local villagers in the incident. \"An axe might have been used. It doesn't look like an ace hand, the manner in which the tusks were cut. We have already engaged the forest protection committees (FPC) to search for the tusks in the nearby villages,\" said Bidyut Sarkar, DFO, Jalpaiguri.MD of state forest development corporation and an elephant expert, S S Bist, said the last such incident was reported in the state in 2002, when an elephant died due to floods in North Bengal and its body was found on the banks of river Daina , under Jalpaiguri division, with the tusks missing. \"That was a case of theft of tusks,\" he added.Conservationist Biswajit Roy Chowdhury said there should be proper probe before coming to any conclusion, as such a case has been reported after almost a decade. \"I can hardly recall, when an elephant was last poached in the state,\" said PCCF (wildlife) S B Mondal.The forest department has decided to send the viscera and blood samples to a Kolkata laboratory for more tests. \"If this is a case of poaching, it is a matter of deep concern,\" added Sarkar. In October 2009, a rhino had died after falling into river Torsha after poachers shot it at Jaldapara Wildlife Sanctuary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14329162", "title": "Delhi University English test merit list expected by noon today", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi University is expected to declare results of the Combined Aptitude Test for English (CATE) by noon on Friday. The merit list based on consolidated CATE score will be put up on the DU website as well as on the web page of English department. According to DU officials, 5408 general category candidates and over 1270 OBC candidates have made it to the merit list.Over 14,000 aspirants had appeared for CATE this year for admission to BA (honours) English in any of the 21 participating colleges.\"These colleges will be declaring their cutoffs on June 26 based on the consolidated CATE score which is arrived at by taking 70% of marks scored in CATE and 30% of class XII marks,\" said a DU official. A separate list will be declared for those who were successful in CATE but their class XII results had not been declared at the time of applying. \"If they have their results now, they can get their marks verified from Monday to Friday on weeddays at the English department,\" the official added.Colleges accepting CATE are Bharati, DCAC, Hindu, IP, Janaki Dev, Kamala Nehru, Kirori Mal, Lady Shri Ram, Miranda House, Maharaja Agrasen, Rajdhani, Shivaji, , Satyawati (morning), Satyawati (evening), Shyam Lal, Swami Shraddhanand, SP M, Shaheed Bhagat Singh , Zakir Husain (morning) and Zakir Husain (evening). Candidates belonging to SC and ST are exempted from CATE. All the other colleges will admit aspirants on the basis of class XII marks only.Those candidates have made it to the merit list who qualified in part A of the paper held on June 9 following which part B was checked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14327377", "title": "Middle-aged man found murdered", "text": "BHOPAL: Quite a sensation was created in the neighbouring Berasia after a middle aged man was found murdered behind a temple on Thursday morning. The victim's head was crushed and the genitals of the dead body were also found mutilated, the police said after visiting the crime spot.The deceased has been identified as Khayali Ram, a resident of village Devalkheda. He was found murdered behind a temple in Deen Dayal Colony at around 7.30 in the morning. The police and FSL team that visited the spot recovered a stone with bloodstains on it. Investigating officials believe it to be the same stone which was used for crushing the victim's head. Illicit relations could be a probable cause of the gruesome murder, added police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14336993", "title": "Prabhu Deva to do a Bollywood item song", "text": "Prabhu Deva, who is basking in the success of his latest Bollywood film \" Rowdy Rathore\" starring Akshay Kumar , has agreed to join hands with the actor again for a musical bang. Although the choreographer-actor-director has been getting several offers from top producers, the former dance master has no qualms in doing an item song.We all know Prabhu Deva shares great rapport with Akshay Kumar. The latest buzz, we hear, is that Akki has requested Prabhu to shake his leg with Sonakshi Sinha for an item number in his forthcoming action dhamaka \"Oh My God\". In fact, Akshay asked Prabhu Deva to choreograph his dance moves in the song to which Prabhu agreed immediately. So Prabhu will be once again seen grooving his 'rubberastic' body in the number.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "atam nagar", "code": "14330937", "title": "His faith on \u20189\u2019 is tried and tested", "text": "ATAM NAGAR: Desperately waiting for the district transport department to auction the VIP numbers, businessman Sumit Kalra wants to buy his favourite number '9' for his three new cars. Sumit has a firm faith in '9' and believes it is very lucky for him. Even his mobile numbers and registration numbers of other cars bear his favourite number.\"I am so fond of '9' that even when I plan a new venture or have an important meeting, I keep it on 9th or 18th day of the month,\" he says.\"It was 10 years ago that I got a phone number for myself which, coincidently, ended with 9. I have believed it to be lucky for me since then,\" says Sumit. The three cars he had in past too had registration numbers ending with 9 and the three new ones will have '9' too as Sumit is eagerly waiting for the auction of numbers. The transport department organizes the auction of VIP numbers every three months, he says.Sharing an incident, Sumit says, \"I had to wait for number '9' for over a year in 2005, when it was allotted in my name by the transport minister, as somebody who wanted the same number took a stay from the court. Eventually, I got it successfully.\" Sumit even changed his house number to '9' as his faith grew stronger in it. \"My trust on '9' increased when I had to sell a car with number '8' as it did not suit me,\" he adds.The interest in '9' has also cropped up among Sumit's 14-year-old son Dhairya Kalra. \"Even I would keep all my numbers as '9 to continue my father's legacy,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14328429", "title": "Passport office to work on Saturday, Sunday to clear backlog", "text": "NEW DELHI: The TOI campaign on the passport logjam has made the government put reforms on the fast track. In an unprecedented move, the ministry of external affairs on Thursday announced a 'Passport Mela' this weekend at many PSKs countrywide - the kendras will remain open on Saturday and Sunday and people can just walk in, without an appointment. This practice will continue till the entire backlog has been cleared.In a special briefing to TOI, Raghavendra Shastry, adviser to external affairs minister S M Krishna, gave details of fresh measures that are expected to address the concerns raised by the people - and reported by this newspaper to help make the new passport application process smoother and transparent.The ministry has also reviewed the online appointment process, and from Friday, an additional 30% slots are being released. This will take the number of daily slots in the capital from 1,650 to 2,050. Moreover, appointments will now be given for up to 30 days instead of 15. \"This way, we believe we will be able to process 6 lakh applications in the country this year,\" said chief passport officer and joint secretary in MEA Muktesh Kumar Pardeshi.\"We have taken the suggestions given by TOI seriously and want people to know that we are working hard on them. There has been a huge backlog of applications due to the holiday rush , which is why we are having this passport mela. MEA is doing it for the first time in the country. This will help us smoothen the service in about six weeks from now,\" said Shastry.\"We will entertain walk-ins only on weekends. And people need not form queues early in the morning. They can come anytime after 10am,\" said Basant K Gupta, additional secretary, consular passport &amp; visa division, MEA.The ministry has reiterated its promise of revisiting its website. \"There has been a lot of confusion over the passport application website. The older site, www.passport.gov.in is no longer functional but people have been visiting it. Therefore, we are going to redirect traffic from there to our functional portal, www.passportindia.gov.in. We are also going to prepare a fresh list of documents required for applying under various categories. There will be no ambiguity in %the process anymore,\" Gupta said.Does this mean that there will be no more surprise demands for additional documents by PSKs? \"Yes. TCS staff will no longer decide what documents are needed. Now, only government officials will check if all documents are in place and if anything else is required,\" said Gupta.So far, the applicants who were turned back by PSKs for lack of documents had to try their luck again with %the online appointment system to book a slot. \"This will not happen anymore. If there is any requirement of a document, an applicant will be given three days to return with the papers,\" Pardeshi said.To ensure prompt delivery of passports, the postal department has been roped in. \"The postman will be given an incentive of Rs 50 per delivery. He will call up or send an SMS before coming to ensure that the passport is delivered to the person to whom it is issued,\" said Raghavendra Shastry, advisor to minister of external affairs.He said that the system will be implemented across the country and S M Krishna will personally write to all state chief ministers to ensure implementation of the revised rules.Apart from Delhi, passport melas will be held at the following places: RPO, Koramangla, and PSKs at Sai Arcade, Lalbagh, Mangalore and Hubli in Bangalore; RPO and PSKs at Nelson Manickam Road, Saligramam, and Tambaram in Chennai; RPO and PSKs at Begumpet, Ameerpet, Toli Chowki, Vijayawada, Tirupati and Nizamabad in Hyderabad; RPO and PSKs in Lucknow, Kanpur, Varanasi, and Gorakhpur; and passport office at 14 Mall Road in Amristar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14327473", "title": "Euro 2012: Warsaw city withdraws into its cocoon", "text": "If it were not for the scattered skyscrapers, Warsaw could easily have passed off as just another quaint little town in Europe; there are no immigration checks or suspicious officials at the doorstep called airport, and you breeze into the city like it was a free world.Euro 2012: Results | ScheduleThe ride into downtown is equally quiet and uneventful, with the cabbie happily choosing not to know English. As vast stretches of green stare back at you, and the pure air almost stings you, you feel good to be away from the wickedness of a city's hustle and bustle.But then, it doesn't take long to sense a subtle melancholy as you watch people seemingly walking in a trance; the pain, of course, doesn't seem to come from a memory past, from some other time. It seems to be fresh and still very much raw; the young and not the so young at a tony restaurant, later in the night, are quick to laugh at the suggestion.\"Of course, we are disappointed that we didn't make the quarterfinals,\" said a particularly loud blond. \"We had our chances but we blew them,\" added another, hardly acknowledging that Poland didn't even win a single match. They probably knew their fate on the opening night of Euro 2012 itself, when Greece stole a comfortable draw from them.A fighting draw against an impressive Russia revived their hopes but the march had already become tricky; Czech Republic became kill-joys once again, scripting a 1-0 victory on June 16. Since then, the city has withdrawn into its own cocoon and probably waiting for the bandwagon to leave soon.There were a few Euro placards and a couple of sponsors' tableaux at the airport; but they could easily have been from some another day. There was a welcome desk but no sign of life inside either. In the city too, there was hardly any talk of football or goals even though pubs were full and animated; they, however, assure you that everything will change as the kick-off time approaches.The place to be, if not inside the magnificent National Stadium, is the Warsaw Fan Zone; it is right in the heart of the city and boasts of a huge stage and a handful of giant screens. It can accommodate close to 100,000 people and it is expected to be brimming over. Even before the first quarterfinal opens, you know who the Warsovians are supporting: Portugal.No, not just because Ronaldo seemed to have hit ominous form; but because they take on the Czechs who, along with Greece, slammed the door on Polish dreams.The city has organized many events around the tournament and makes it a point to invite tourists to visit their fabulous monuments. The mayor, rather ironically, invites you to 'fall in love in Warsaw'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14327986", "title": "Learn mother tongue of winners from today", "text": "AHMEDABAD: English, like computer languages, is not only a matter of social prestige but also a means of earning a decent livelihood, states a working paper by director of English Language Teaching Institute of Symbiosis, Shirish Sahasrabudhe. Another research paper by assistant professor at MS University of Baroda Charul Jain says that English language teaching has to awaken to the urgent need of the market of intercultural awareness in communication.These papers and a lot of others will be presented and discussed at the international conference on English being organized by the Society for Creation of Opportunity through Proficiency in English (SCOPE). The two-day conference, beginning June 22 at HM Patel Institute of English Training and Research in Vallabh Vidyanagar, will focus on English for education, equity, empowerment and employability.The conference also aims to analyze the sector specific needs of industry, network with international specialists on areas of local concern, promote dialogue and connect cultures through a shared interest.Around 300-400 participants, including 10 international and 20 various states, are expected to attend.Those who will address the conference include distinguished speakers from India and abroad, representatives from industry, corporate house leaders, faculty members and teachers.The UK's Cambridge University , which is the assessment and certification partner of SCOPE, will also participate in the conference. The event will hold plenary and panel discussions by industry and academic experts. The conference is exclusively sponsored by CASIO India Co Pvt Ltd.Times Foundation has signed a memorandum of understanding with SCOPE, a Gujarat government initiative, and is working as a partner in promoting English in Gujarat. Their joint initiative Embrace English will be launched soon wherein the English language proficiency tests will be conducted in schools, colleges and corporate houses across the state.SCOPE, which runs on a public-private partnership model, has a network of more than 400 centers through five zonal partners for the purpose of providing English language training to candidates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14328688", "title": "'Umbrella man' seeks to hit 100", "text": "LUCKNOW: With mercury touching 42.5 degree Celsius, six degrees above normal on Thursday, it was the perfect occasion and opportunity for supporters of Rais Ahmed, an independent candidate to seek vote from the residents of the Nazarbagh ward (100), thanks to their election symbol of umbrella. And as the temperature soared, the poll agents of the candidate held umbrellas and asked the residents of the area to help their candidate win the local bodies poll and become a corporator.Although, the residents of the area were rather busy in their daily chores and hardly paid any attention to the poll agents singing paeans for their candidate, the agents sensing the mood started wooing the rickshaw pullers and petty shopkeepers, who also enjoyed the drama for a brief period of time. The locality from where Rais Ahmed is seeking votes has deteriorated over the years. The cemented road which used to exist some years ago is completely withered, and even a slight shower is capable of inundating the place, as most of the drains are perennially choked. Another problem that plagues this Muslim-dominated locality is absence of doctors, and the residents are forced to depend on the services of the part-time medicos.However, these conditions do not deter the enthusiasm level of the supporters, as they proudly display the umbrellas shouting the poll slogan, \"Dhoop ho yaa ho bearish, chaata aapki seva mein hamesha tayaar (whether there rain or sunshine, the umbrella will always be at your disposal).\"A poster of Rais displayed here reads, \"Meri himmat ko saraho, mere hamrah bano. Maine ek shama jalayee hai hawaoen ke khilaaf (Acknowledge my courage, accompany me in my journey. I have ignited a flame and have taken up cudgels against the winds).\"And as the campaigning for the first phase of local bodies poll in the politically crucial state of Uttar Pradesh ended on Thursday, the supporters of Rais played the parody of Bollywood song starring Shah Rukh Khan 'tujh me rab dikhta hai, yaaraan main kya karu?' from the film Rab Ne Banadi Jodi (RNBJ), some children also joined them and danced as the rickshaw of the poll agent completed a round of Hewett Road.Attempting to lure the voters for the last time, one of the agents took the mike and after checking it, said, \"This umbrella is good enough to provide cover to each and every resident of the ward.\" However, the million dollars unanswered question remains, whether the umbrella man would be able to extend a proper cover or not.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14327982", "title": "'Artificial rain' cools off revellers", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The rain god might not have kept his date with the city's rath yatra, but the revellers were not disappointed. As soon as they entered Saraspur on Thursday afternoon after an exhaustive yatra, they were greeted with showers, literally. As per the tradition, the local residents poured water on the procession from their balconies, cooling off the roads and atmosphere.This year, local women also cleaned up the roads with water before the procession reached for lunch break at 1pm.\"The meals are traditional affair. At the pols, thousands of the devotees have puri and vegetables along with sweets such as mohanthal or bundi laddoo. It is a team effort where the oldest to the youngest members of the community come together. The preparations had started two months back with collection of donations and the task will continue till late night as the streets are washed and cleaned up,\" said Rajul Trivedi, a resident of Luhar Sheri.The old hands at preparing meals said that there is no definite amount they prepare every year. \"However, no person goes without food on Rath Yatra day. It is no less than a miracle for us,\" said Trivedi.For police personnel, 15,000 food packets were served by a private restaurant at Amebdkar Hall in Saraspur. Elephants also got much-needed rest, water and fodder at the venue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14330169", "title": "Fire-fighting equipment was not working, no fire drills in five years, says a bureaucrat", "text": "MUMBAI: Thursday's fire at Mantralaya could have been tackled better had the firefighting equipment installed in the building been in working condition. The BMC too was found to be illequipped to handle a fire of such a large magnitude.The blaze completely gutted the offices of chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, senior cabinet members and senior bureaucrats. \"It's shameful. On one hand, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has drafted an ambitious plan to convert Mumbai into a world class city, on the other hand, we were unable to control a minor fire that broke out in the urban development department and later spread to all of Mantralaya,'' a senior bureaucrat told TOI.The bureaucrat admitted that in the last five years, the fire-fighting equipment installed throughout Mantralaya was never tested nor was any mock fire drill conducted. A senior public works department official however claimed all necessary precautions were taken.\"In the last 10 years, Rs 75 crore was spent on the renovation of the chambers of the CM, DCM, senior cabinet members and bureaucrats, but I don't think we spent even Rs 1 crore to improve the fire-fighting system in Mantralaya,'' the senior bureaucrat said.He said when the fire started at around 2.35pm, forest minister Patangrao Kadam was the first to alert both municipal commissioner Sitaram Kunte and police commissioner Arup Patnaik, but the fire brigade was late to respond.According to an eye-witness , the first fire tender reached Mantralaya 15 minutes after a specific message was sent to the control room. Worse, fire brigade ladders were unable to reach beyond the second floor though the fire was raging on the fourth and fifth floors at the time. There was a further delay in securing the services of fire brigade personnel with snorkels . \"We lost the golden hour. As a result the fire, which was confined to the fourth floor, later spread to the fifth and sixth floors too. Even water supply to the fire tenders was intermittent.A senior Congress minister, who was in his cabin when the fire broke out, said the fire alarms didn't appear to have gone off and the public address system too failed. \"I was in my chamber when the fire broke out and was alerted to it by my peon. But while leaving my chamber, I realized the public address system was non-functional ,'' he said.Secondly, the minister said all of Mantralaya had been virtually converted into a godown. A few years ago, when D K Sankaran was the chief secretary , he had removed several tonnes of waste paper from the corridors of Mantralaya. \"On Thursday, the fire spread from one floor to another owing to massive piles of waste paper and old furniture lying all over. It's time for the new chief secretary to initiate necessary measures,'' he said.A senior NCP minister said it was the chief fire advisor's responsibility to ensure that all fire-fighting equipment was functional. \"I have asked the CM to seek a report, along with specific dates of inspection of equipment and mock drills from the chief fire advisor. If there is dereliction of duty at any level, the CM must take action ,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14335577", "title": "When eyes speak beyond words", "text": "BANGALORE: What the heart says, the eyes convey. Mentored by the Samarthanam, an NGO for the disabled, visual and hearing impaired artists are lighting up the world with a Bharatnatyam ensemble.\"They are together depicting Indian mythology, the creation of earth and Vishnu's incarnations, \"says Mahantesh G Kivadasannavar, founder Samarthanam.It's no myth thatco-ordination between visual and hearing-impaired artists is a challenge of mammoth proportion. \"They use their eyes to communicate and co-ordinate,\"confirms Mahantesh, adding, \"In an experimental show at Bangkok recently, their performance was hugely appreciated. Their hearts swelled with pride as they received applause with such a large audience. At Samarthanam we train them through touch and feel method and their trainer Jayalakshmi has helped put this show together.\"Today, these artists gear up to sway in tandem for the joy of art and the appreciation of the connoisseurs at Orion Mall, Amphitheater, 6.30 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14330255", "title": "Reproductive rights fail to find mention in Rio declaration", "text": "NEW DELHI: Women's rights activists lost at the Rio+20 dialogue with the conference deciding to delete any reference to 'reproductive rights' of women in the final declaration to be adopted by 192 countries at Rio de Janeiro . It was a victory for the so-called 'pro-life' conservative groups and church-based civil society groups.The phrase 'reproductive rights' is seen as the woman's right to abortion - a debate that has strong lobbies in favour and against it in the developed world.The Vatican or Holy See led the opposition to the inclusion of reference to reproductive rights and won in the end. The Holy See is a non-state permanent member of the United Nations and has long argued that 'reproductive rights' is a euphemism for abortion.The proposal to include these rights in the declaration also found opposition from the G77 block with the theme being coupled with language in the declaration promoting population control. The developing world sees the reference to curtailing population levels in context of sustainable development as an attempt by the developed countries to turn the debate away from reducing consumption levels of the rich. Several countries opposed the gender concerns as not being in compliance with their national laws.Countries supporting the reference to population levels and reproductive rights included Norway , Iceland , the US, Canada , Switzerland , the EU and Australia.The text agreed by the negotiators and now to be adopted by the heads of states diluted the language on gender rights while removing all reference to reproductive rights.The earlier draft of the declaration had read, \"We resolve to ensure full and equal rights and access of women to productive resources through the rights to own property, inheritance, credit and to financial and extension services along the entire value chain.\"In comparison, the diluted final text read, \"We resolve to undertake legislation and administrative reforms to give women equal rights with men to economic resources, including access to ownership and control over land and other forms of property, credit, inheritance, natural resources and appropriate new technology.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14330513", "title": "Lord Jagannath Rath yatra begins", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Rath Yatra of Lord Jagannath was taken out with gaiety and fervour on Thursday in the city. To mark the occasion, Utkal Sanskrutik Sangh organized a prayer meeting at Sri Jagannath Temple, Sector 31D. The yatra, which began 1pm, was taken to sectors 29, 30, 20, 21, 33/34, 44/45, 46, 47 and then back to the temple. A return (Bahudu) yatra will be organized on June 29.The ceremonies were performed by three priests from Odisha. A special feature of the yatra is that whereever the rath goes, colourful rangolis are made on the way. Community kitchen will be organized for nine days and will include traditional Oriya dishes like daalma, rice, tomato chutney and rice kheer.Lord Jagannath is dressed with \"vesha of lotus\" and the idols are made of neem wood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14329840", "title": "Ahead of presidential poll, Congress mindful of allies\u2019 sensitivities", "text": "NEW DELHI: The presidential election has heightened the caution levels in Congress, with the party disapproving a statement calling Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav a \"BJP agent\".AICC spokesman Rashid Alvi told a rally in UP while campaigning for local body elections that the SP chief was the biggest BJP agent he had seen in 10 years.Alvi faced instant rebuke from the party. AICC general secretary Janardan Dwivedi told reporters, \"The party does not approve of this... Congress has always been in favour of uniting all secular forces.\" He added that Congress disagreed with the statement and considered it inappropriate.The sensitivity to statements, if strange, stems from the presidential election that Congress is using to stitch support for the shaky central alliance too.The continuing rebellious mood of Trinamool Congress has raised fears about the Bengal party walking out of UPA in the near future.While SP has moved closer to UPA as a possible replacement, even supporting Pranab Mukherjee for the President's post, Congress is not willing to let TMC go, lest it become over-dependent on Samajwadis who can be tough bargainers.The disapproval to Alvi came three days after the party pulled up its senior general secretary Digvijay Singh for his harsh comments on TMC chief Mamata Banerjee .Congress is worried that harsh comments can spoil the improving relations with rivals like SP or push the tense relations with allies like TMC to breakpoint.The Samajwadi camp reacted angrily to Alvi's outburst. \"If a person turns mad and starts making all sorts of baseless statements, then I cannot comment on that,\" SP leader Ramgopal Yadav told reporters.Alvi tried to downplay the controversy, saying such comments were common in election rallies and even SP was leveling charges against Congress. He, however, said he agreed with the party's view.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14331002", "title": "You\u2019re lucky if work gets done in Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: The D'Silva family would wake up at 4.30am and leave Mysore to reach the Passport Seva Kendra at Marathahalli, Bangalore. But every time they thought they would be lucky to get their passports renewed, authorities demanded a new document or pointed out a mistake.The lot of people seeking appointments online is no better. It's a mad scramble at 6pm daily when the online window for passport appointments opens. In less than half an hour, nearly 2,000 appointment slots are exhausted. Alaknanda Manikoth, a graphic designer from Bangalore, had to try more than three days to get a slot for an appointment with a passport official. She logged on at 5.30pm and kept refreshing the Passport Seva website to get an appointment at 6pm. It was of no use.\"The process of filing an application online is fairly simple. Getting an appointment is the toughest part. Perhaps tougher than getting a passport,'' she says. With just four Passport Seva Kendras \u2014 at Bangalore's Lalbagh Road, Marathahalli, Mysore and Hubli \u2014 and a Regional Passport Office for Karnataka's six crore people, agents have taken over fixing appointments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14330059", "title": "It\u2019s tee time for these kids", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Finally, here is some good golf news from the city. The Trivandrum Golf Club, which has been caught in an ownership controversy between the revenue department and a group of seasoned golfers, has begun to host a group of very young players, probably the youngest group the club had ever coached.Students of class eight and nine from L'ecole Chempaka International, a private school in the city, have started having golf classes as part of their curriculum from Thursday. It is for the first time in the state that a school is offering golf classes to students. The school already boasts of an array of sporting activities and compulsory karate classes till class five. Golf lessons are imparted at the Trivandrum Golf Club by two seasoned coaches who are regulars at the 9-hole course and have trained many veteran players.\"The students have been permitted to use the club after 9am until 2pm any day except when there is a tournament. They have been enrolled under the golf learners' scheme whereby they pay Rs 750 a month,\" said John Thomas, captain of the Trivandrum Golf Club. Maya Gomez, director of the school said the students have taken a fancy to the game so much so that they were considering convincing their parents to drive them to the practice nets on unexpected holidays and long weekends to squeeze in an extra lesson.\"The course is part of the curriculum for students of class eight and nine of the Cambridge IGCSE batch. Ten students and a subject teacher accompanying them have signed up for classes. The students get a grade for sports at the end of the year and golf will find a mention in their report card,\" she said.Sandra Joseph Morris, a class nine student said golf was an exciting game. \"It is not something that people of my age would normally do. Last year I learnt how to chip, putt and drive. So hopefully I will be allowed on the course this time around,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14329511", "title": "More passport seva kendras soon: Minister", "text": "COIMBATORE: The second phase of work to open passport seva kendras has begun and very soon many more centres will be opened, said E Ahmed, Union Minister for External Affairs and Human Resource Development.As per the plans the ministry has opened 77 centres throughout the country and with the success of these kendras many more such centres will be opened. He was in the city to inaugurate the Gem Institute of Nursing Education and Research.The process has already begun and agencies have to be identified, as the passport cell is of immense importance. The processing of documents has become much faster he said, with the functioning of the kendras. Sometimes there may be a delay in police verification as the security of the country could not be compromised, he added. If there is undue delay in certain centres, things would improve with the opening of additional centres, he explained.On the controversies relating to the presidential polls, he supported the Congress decision to choose Pranab Mukherjee as candidate for the next president. \"Pranab Mukherjee is the best choice and he is the right person at the right place,\" he noted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14328820", "title": "Journalist B D Kher no more", "text": "PUNE: Eminent author and senior journalist Bhalchandra Dattatray Kher (95) passed away here on Thursday morning due to old age. He leaves behind his wife, a son, daughter-in-law and grandchildren.B D Kher, who authored about 117 books during his life time, wrote his first book in 1939. His recently published books, 'Sanjeevan' (based on the life of Sant Dnyaneshwar) and 'Gandharvagatha' (based on the life of Balgandharv), were well received by readers. Kher left Marathi daily 'Kesri' as an associate editor after 22 years of service. Later, he joined 'Sahyadri' as the editor and stayed in that position for 10 years.In 1976, a Japanese foundation had invited him to write a novel on the Hiroshima bombing incident. Kher received awards for his novels like 'Anandbhavan', 'Hasre Dukkha', 'Hiroshima', 'Samagra Lokmanya Tilak' etc. He authored V D Savarkar's biography 'Yadnya', which registered 11,000 pre-publishing bookings. Kher had settled in Anandnagar area of Sinhagad Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14330039", "title": "Construction of habitat centre to start soon", "text": "JAIPUR: Shanti Dhariwal, urban development minister (UDH),on Thursday after seeing the presentations by five companies, announced to start the construction work of the habitat centre within a month's time. Talking to the media, Dhariwal said, \"The designs shortlisted by the screening committee will thoroughly be examined and finalised soon. The construction work is likely to start within a month.\"Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) has identified 4.7 hectares of land near Akshay Patra behind JLN Marg for construction of the habitat centre. Officials said the centre will be developed in two phases. \"We have planned to develop the habitat centre on 2.47 hectares of land and around 1.89 hectares will be reserved for future extension,\" the officials added.According to the design, the centre will have three to four auditoriums with a sitting capacity of 100 to 500 people. It is also proposed that the centre will have 25 and 35 single and double-bed rooms, respectively. Along with that, a lawn with a capacity of 2,000 people and conference hall are also proposed for construction. An underground and surface parking for 1,000 cars has also been proposed in the centre.This is for the third time the government has identified the land for the centre. Earlier the project was proposed on the land where the Shiksha Sankul building is located and then in the OTS (Officers' Training School) campus. \"After the state government's proposal to develop a habitat centre at OTS on JLN Marg, the IAS officers opposed the proposal strongly and claimed it will disturb the officers' training,\" an officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14328767", "title": "Falak's father held for rape", "text": "NEW DELHI: The biological father of the battered two-year-old girl Falak, who died after a prolonged struggle for survival in March, was finally found on Thursday but immediately arrested in connection with a gang rape case in Bihar.DCP south Chhaya Sharma said Mohammad Shah Hussain had \"committed a gang rape with his associate Tiya. Tiya surrendered before the court in Muzaffarpur but Hussain had been hiding in Gurgaon. He did not even turn up to take home his wife Munni Khatoon and their two minor children\".Sharma said police traced Hussain with the help of Munif, his brother-in-law. He was found at his house in Gurgaon near Shakina Tyre House. He had been working at the tyre shop.The Child Welfare Committee, Lajpat Nagar, had ordered the south district police to trace Hussain almost three months after Falak's death. Falak's mother, Munni, earlier this month, had been directed to join Kasturba Niketan children's home in Lajpat Nagar as a 'house aunty'.The CWC had directed police to coordinate the search with Munif. They had requested the cops to counsel him to appear before them on the next day. The step is an attempt to rehabilitate the family, the order said. \"The family, which is now completely disintegrated, may make a new beginning if the children reunite with their father. This will be quite challenging for all of us, but it is not impossible,\" it added.Falak's maternal grandparents had charged Hussain with selling his wife and her three children, including Falak, into flesh trade. \"Our son-in-law Shah Hussain sold Munni and her three children to those involved in flesh trade,\" Munni's mother Samuel Nisha and father Md Janul, a retired railway employee, had stated in their complaint.The CWC had said the police report gave the impression that Hussain was not interested in the welfare of his wife and children. However, \"before granting the final custody of the children to the mother, Munni, the committee needs to hear him out. His right to claim custody of the children cannot be ignored only for the reason that he is not traceable\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14327556", "title": "Enforcement directorate summons accused in Emaar, Vanpic, OMC cases", "text": "HYDERABAD: The enforcement directorate (ED) on Thursday issued summons to all the accused lodged in Chanchalguda jail in various scams, including the Vanpic, the illegal mining and Emaar cases, to appear for interrogation.Three ED officials went to the jail and issued the summons to the 10 accused. YSR Congress chief Jaganmohan Reddy was issued the notice on Wednesday. Among those to be grilled by the ED include former minister Mopidevi Venkataramana, suspended IAS officers B P Acharya and Y Srilakshmi.Confirming the news, Chanchalguda jail in-charge superintendent K V Reddy said they would make arrangements either in the administrative block of the prison or in the room beside the superintendent's cabin on the first floor for the interrogation of the accused by the ED officials could question the accused who are now lodged in the old prison block as special class category prisoners. The room beside the superintendent's cabin on the first floor could be allocated to the ED for the interrogation, prison sources stated.All the accused in various cases are currently lodged on the ground floor of the administrative block of the prison where it is not convenient for the ED officials to interrogate the accused. The jailor's room is also being used by the special class prisoners to meet their visitors.It may be mentioned here that Jagan was of the opinion that the ED interrogation should be done outside since the jail atmosphere would not be conducive for such a purpose. He was earlier interrogated by the CBI at the junior officers' mess near DGP (prisons) office's premises.Meanwhile, inmates of the Chanchalguda jail have been facing a harrowing time as there has been no electricity in the prison since Wednesday evening.CPDCL authorities have reportedly begun repairs relating to some cables that got burnt. Prison authorities said they were managing with a generator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "14334924", "title": "Rahul Gandhi to visit Himachal next week", "text": "SHIMLA: AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi will be visiting Himachal Pradesh next week during which he would hold meetings with party workers at Kullu and Shimla.Ahead of assembly elections, the visit of Rahul Gandhi is being seen as a step to bridge the divide among top leaders in the state.Factionalism within Congress is posing question mark over party's claim to reclaim the power in the coming elections. According to sources, Rahul Gandhi will be on a two-day visit to Himachal Pradesh beginning June 27.Rahul Gandhi will reach Kullu on June 27 and hold discussions with Congress workers and then he will come to Shimla on June 28 to participate in another meeting.In Himachal Pradesh Congress is witnessing veritical split with workers and leaders divided in camps headed by union minister Virbhadra Singh on one side and state Congress president Kaul Singh-union minister Anand Sharma on other side.Factionalism within Congress has already resulted into defeat in the Shimla municipal corporation elections where party lost the posts of mayor and deputy mayor to CPI (M) after 26 years. Earlier, party president Sonia Gandhi had called warring factions of congress to Delhi for meeting but even after that rivals have failed to join hands.Now the visit of Rahul Gandhi is being seen as a step to unite the divided leaders. While the Anand Sharma and Kaul Singh Thakur led group is trying to keep Virbhadra Singh away from state politics, the supporters of latter have planned a massive rally at Ice Skating Rink at Shimla on June 23 to commemorate his 78 birth anniversary and completion of 50 years in politics.Close associates of Virbhadra Singh claimed that on June 23 around 50,000 supporters from different parts of state would reach Shimla to participate in the celebrations. \"Saturday's rally would prove that Virbhadra Singh is undisputed leader of Congress party in the state and without projecting him as chief ministerial candidate, party can not win the coming assembly election,\" said a senior leader close to Virbhadra Singh.In April this year, union minister Virbhadra Singh and state party president Kaul Singh Thakur and union minister Anand Sharma had held separate meetings in Shimla and Palampur which had exposed the differences among them before public. Seeing that senior party leaders were not ready to extend olive branch to each other, young Congress MLAs from Himachal Pradesh in April this year had written a letter to party president Sonia Gandhi requesting her to bring together all senior leaders to ensure party's victory in the coming election.The letter signed by around 18 Congress MLAs is an attempt to unite the faction ridden Congress in Himachal Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14327393", "title": "Vizag woman killed in Puri stampede", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Rath Yatra began on a tragic note following the death of two devotees, including of a woman from Visakhapatnam, in a stampede on Puri's Grand Road just hours before the the chariots were to start rolling, on Thursday.The mishap took place when a teeming crowd was jostling for space to have glimpse of the idols of Jagannath, Balabhadra and Subhadra aboard the chariots.While the dead woman has been identified as K Ravana Aama (30), the identity of the other victim, an elderly male, could not be ascertained immediately.\"Doctors would find out the exact cause of their death. We are also trying to verify whether any stampede took place,\" Puri district collector Arvind Agarwal said.\"Both the victims were brought dead to the district headquarters hospital. We do not know whether the woman was present in the Rath Yatra crowd,. But the elderly man was brought to the hospital by some volunteers engaged in the festival. He fainted in the crowd on Grand Road,\" chief district medical officer (Puri) Dr Gyanendra Kumar Sahoo told TOI.Though the weather was not hot and humid, scores of pilgrims were hospitalized after they fainted in the crowd at different locations. \"Many reported nausea and headache. They were discharged soon after treatment,\" Sahoo said.The twin deaths once again brought to fore the poor crowd management by police during the nine-day grand festival. Though security was tightened for an incident-free Rath Yatra, all calculations went wrong. At some places, police wielded force to quell the mob.Crowd mismanagement had trigged stampedes during Rath Yatra in 2008, 2010 and 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14337085", "title": "Sangma wants debate with Pranab ahead of presidential polls", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pinning hopes on \"conscience vote\" and his tribal identity, P A Sangma today virtually dared UPA nominee Pranab Mukherjee for a debate ahead of presidential polls, saying democracy needs debate.Maintaining that in a democracy people have the right to choose and there should be a debate at a time when the economy is sinking and scams are unimaginable, Sangma said, \"Who is responsible for all this corruption...It has to be a candidate to candidate debate\".Asked whether he was throwing a challenge to Mukherjee, Sangma, who has the backing of BJP , BJD and AIADMK, said it was a practice. \"Democracy means debate. I am asking for debate,\" he told TV channels.Claiming that he will win the presidential race, Sangma also said he has sought appointments with Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee and Shiv Sena supremo Bal Thackeray. He said that he was going to reach out to every one.\"The election will be by a secret ballot. Secret ballot means conscience vote. I depend on conscience vote and I believe in conscience vote,\" he said.He said that the fact that there is a \"split\" in almost all political parties shows that this Presidential election is a serious one and \"not as smooth as the Congress is claiming\".Sangma said that the UPA candidate is also not getting the undivided support of the ruling alliance as Mamata, whose party in a constituent of UPA, is \"not supporting Mukherjee as yet\".He said that he is \"constantly in touch\" with the Trinamool Congress chief and is \"very hopeful of her support\". He said, \"I am going to meet her in next few days.\"Playing the tribal card, Sangma said that he wanted to correct the historic mistakes the country has committed as \"tribals have not been given their due...I appeal to the consience of the nation. We have given our land, our forest, our natural resources...please recognize us.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "14330412", "title": "MGM hospital junior doctors defer strike", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: On the intervention of the superintendent of the Mahatma Gandhi Memorial Hospital junior doctors of the government-run institution have deferred their indefinite strike plan. The junior doctors of the hospital had earlier threatened to go on an indefinite strike from June 25 in protest against the ongoing delay in the release of their four months salary.\"I have assured them (junior doctors) that their salary issue will be settled in the next 10 days and they have agreed not to go on indefinite strike (for the time being),\" said MGM hospital superintendent, Dr Shiv Shankar Prasad following his meeting with the junior doctors at his chamber on Thursday.The junior doctors said their strike plan had only been deferred for the time being.\"We have just deferred our (strike) plan to honour the words of the (hospital) superintendent. We will wait for the next fortnight to see whether our issues are settled before announcing our future course of action,\" said a functionary of the Junior Doctors Association of MGM Hospital.The junior doctors had announced June 25 as the date for beginning the indefinite strike to coincide with the one-day nationwide strike of the Indian Medical Association called in protest against introduction of the National Commission for Human Resources for Health (NCHRH) Bill and Bachelor's Degree in Rural Health Care ( BRHC) by the Union government.The nursing staff of the Urban Family Welfare Center, (UFWC-Head 2211) and Intensive Care Unit of the hospital have also threatened to join hands with the junior doctors.\"A section of the para medical staff who are attached to the intensive care unit and FWC-Head 2211 are receiving irregular salaries for the last several months. So we have also resolved to go on strike with the junior doctors,\" said MGM Hospital Swasth Karamchari Sangthan functionary, Johnny Mukhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14327436", "title": "Bandra-Kurla Complex attacker to file for bail", "text": "MUMBAI: Sajjad Pawale (35), who allegedly led Saturday's attack on the UK consulate office at Naman Chambers (G block) in Bandra-Kurla Complex (BKC), and 27 others were remanded in judicial custody on Thursday.Pawale's lawyer Triti Shetty said they would apply for the bail on Friday. The accused and his accomplices were arrested for rioting, unlawful assembly, damage to public property on June 16. Investigators searched Pawale's residence in Ghatkopar and confiscated his passport, computer hard disks. The police have also sought the accused's bank transactions and details from the Regional Transport Office.\"Pawale is not associated with any terror group. He runs an NGO that helps the needy. The police are trying to frame him and even assaulted him in custody,\" Shetty said.However, the police rubbished the claim that Pawale was beaten up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14328067", "title": "Teacher held for misbehaving with student", "text": "CHENNAI: A 45-year-old teacher was arrested on Thursday for allegedly misbehaving with a Class 9 student at a government school in Vengal near Tiruvallur.Police said Kamala (name changed) of Keezhanur village near Vengal met A Sahadevan of the government higher secondary school in Valarpuram village to ask him why she had been given low marks in the recent examination when he allegedly made bad remarks about her studies. When she tried to leave, Sahadevan allegedly pulled her dupatta and touched her waist, Kamala told her class teacher.Sahadevan, who has completed MA, M Ed and M Phil and has been working in the school for more than a decade, teaches high school students.Based on Kamala's complaint, the Vengal police registered a case and booked Sahadevan under Prevention of Women Harassment Act and IPC Section 354 (outraging the modesty of woman).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14330642", "title": "Parks in mess as MC sits on horticulture bylaws", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Hanging of clothes on railings, parking of vehicle and playing cricket or badminton could have been an offence had the UT administration notified horticulture bylaws. The MC has decided to hand over neighbourhood parks to resident welfare associations (RWAs). However, even after preparing horticulture bylaws a year ago, the same have not been notified till date leading to poor condition of these parks. The RWAs have already raised objections over pitiable conditions of such parks.There are over 1,600 neighbourhood parks in the city that have now either turned into parking lots or place for miscreants to create nuisance. The horticulture wing of the MC has failed to take care of these parks and has now handed them over to the RWAs.Surinder Sharma, president of resident welfare association of Sector 15, said, \"Implementation of bylaws should have been notified, so that the parks could be properly maintained. The MC did not maintain these and are paying us very less for their maintenance.\"Surinder Behga, chairman of the environment and city beautification committee of the MC, said, \"The bylaws were prepared, but MC officials did not take the issue of priority basis. We will soon meet with officials of the Chandigarh administration in this regard.\" \"If the bylaws were implemented, these would have restrained the residents to spoil these parks, but due to the neglecting attitude of the MC, these are still pending before the UT administration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14334771", "title": "HC issues notice over sand mining from river bed", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court has issued notices to the state and central authorities over a public interest litigation complaining about illegal and haphazard sand minding from river bed of the Ambika river in south Gujarat.A retired chief conservator of forest, Dilip Naik has filed this PIL, and the division bench of acting chief justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and justice J B Pardiwala on Thursday sought explanation from the principal chief secretary, mines &amp; minerals department, commissioner of Geology, the state forest and environment department, Navsari collector, the Gujarat Pollution Control Board and the union ministry of environment and forest. The authorities have been asked to submit their reply by July 5.Appearing for the petitioner, advocate Mukul Sinha contended that the litigation is against uncontrolled mechanized sand mining from Ambika river bed without environment clearance. He submitted that the government has granted lease to contractors for sand mining without any check of sand audit or mine plan or assessment of environment. But the mining was going on large scale with heavy excavating machines and water jet technology. As a result, the river was loosing its natural strength to withstand the pressure of water flow and at several places, the banks were collapsing in the river bed. He also highlighted that due to such landslides and collapsing of the banks, the farmers along the banks have been loosing fruit orchards.Advocate Sinha requested the court to ask the state government to seek environmental impact assessment report from the environment ministry, and till then no new lease for sand quarrying should be granted for Ambika river.The petitioners also submitted that if mining activities continue unabated, ingress of salinity into surrounding agricultural fields and ground water would destroy crops and also cause enormous damage to biodiversity in the entire area through which the river Ambika flows.The petitioner submited that only in the stretch of Ambika river which falls in Ganadevi Taluka, 151 leases have been granted to various contractors. At certain places the depth of the excavated area goes as deep as 70 to 80 feet below average level of the river bed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14327488", "title": "Man held for sending lewd SMSs", "text": "MUMBAI: A man who allegedly send vulgar text messages and emails to his friend and her sister was arrested by the cyber crime cell of the Mumbai police on Thursday.The accused, Mohsin Mansuri, found it tough to profess his love for his friend, cops said. Mansuri was picked up from his residence at Jarimari in Kurla (W) and charged under various sections of the Information Technology Act and the Indian Penal Code. Mansuri will be produced in court on Friday.The woman had complained to the cyber crime cell that she was receiving lewd text messages. Cops traced the IP address of the computer from which the accused was allegedly sending the emails.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14329046", "title": "Suicide may soon be leading cause of death in India, reveals study", "text": "NEW DELHI: Four of India's southern states \u2014 Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh, Karnakata and Kerala \u2014 that together constitute 22% of the country's population recorded 42% of suicide deaths in men and 40% of self-inflicted fatalities in women in 2010.Maharashtra and West Bengal together accounted for an additional 15% of suicide deaths.Delhi recorded the lowest suicide rate in the country. In absolute numbers, the most suicide deaths in individuals, aged 15 years or older, were in AP (28,000), Tamil Nadu (24,000) and Maharashtra (19,000).The first national study of deaths in India, published in the British Medical journal The Lancet on Friday, says that suicide has become the second-leading cause of death among the young in India.Of the total deaths by suicide in individuals aged 15 years or older, about 40% suicide deaths in men and about 56% in women occurred in individuals aged 15-29 years.Suicide deaths occurred at younger ages in women (average age 25 years) than in men (average age 34 years). Educated persons were at greater risk of completing a suicide.The risk of completing a suicide was 43% higher in men, who finished secondary or higher education, in comparison to those who had not completed primary education. Among women, the risk increased to 90%.Lead author of the study Professor Vikram Patel of the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine told TOI that the 1.87 lakh people committed suicide in India in 2010.About half of suicide deaths (49% among men, and 44% among women) were due to poisoning, mainly ingesting of pesticides. Hanging was the second most common cause for men and women, while burns accounted for about one-sixth of suicides by women.Professor Patel felt that with the decline in maternal death rates, suicide could soon become the leading cause of death among young women in India.The study says the National Crime Records Bureau underestimates suicide deaths in men by at least 25% and women (36%).He told TOI, \"Overall, more Indian men commit suicide than women, but the male to female ratio for suicides is smaller in India than in many Western countries, in particular among youth. Studies have suggested that social factors such as violence and depression are key determinants of suicide in women.\"Prof Patel pointed out to lack of national strategy for suicide prevention in India.He said, \"Suicides can be prevented through interventions like banning the most toxic pesticides and teaching rural communities on safe storage of pesticides. India should also start mental health promotion for young people through schools and colleges and introduce crisis counseling services and services for treatment of depression and alcohol addiction.\"Prof Patel added that although much of the current concern about suicides has focused on agricultural workers, over three in four suicide deaths in India occur in other occupational groups (including those who are unemployed and homemakers).\"Compared to most other countries, suicide rates are especially high in young adults and, in particular, young women for whom suicide rates in India are four to six times higher than in developed countries. The suicide rates vary 10-fold between states with the highest rates in the southern states of India,\" he added.Suicide deaths among men were almost 11-times higher in Maharashtra as compared to Delhi. When it came to women, it was four times higher in Maharashtra than Delhi.The study says the age standardized suicide death rate per 100,000 people at all ages was 18.6 for boys and men and 12.7 for girls and women.The suicide death rate in men aged 15 years or older varied little across age groups in comparison with that of women, which peaked in 15-29 years and decreased thereafter. At ages 15-29 years, suicide was the second leading cause of death in both sexes.Most suicide deaths occurred in rural areas \u2014 the age standardized death rates were about two times higher in rural than in urban areas.In the absence of other causes of death, men aged 15 years or older have a lifetime risk of suicide of 2% or higher in AP, Karnataka, Kerala, and Tamil Nadu.\"The large variations we observed between states clearly point to the role of as yet poorly understood social factors in influencing the risk of suicide in India. We recorded a reduced risk of suicide versus other causes of death in women who were widowed, divorced or separated, compared with married women and men,\" Prof Patel said.The study says, suicide claims twice as many lives in India as HIV-AIDS and almost as many as maternal deaths in young women. Suicide kills nearly as many Indian men aged 15-29 as transportation accidents. Studies have shown that the most common contributors to suicide are a combination of social problems, such as interpersonal and family problems and financial difficulties, and pre-existing mental illness.Times ViewA very large proportion of suicides in India can be attributed to the manner in which families and society at large deal with all forms of mental illness. Where something as common as depression is rarely recognised and when recognised is even more rarely treated because there is a stigma attached to ailments of the mind, there clearly is a problem. What can be easily treated with some medication and counselling more often than not goes untreated till it develops a more serious form. Both government and civil society need to act to change this. Above all awareness must be built that the mind is as liable to be affected as other bodily organs and there is nothing to be ashamed of in acknowledging this.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14330193", "title": "7 IAS officers transferred; vacant collectors post filled", "text": "JAIPUR: The collector's post in the districts of Ajmer, Tonk and Jalore which were lying vaccant from the past couple of months was filled during a reshuffle ordered by the government on Thursday. Seven IAS officers were transferred with the order.Among the transferred officers included Rakesh Srivastava, IAS, awaiting a posting until now, has been appointed as principal secretary and commissioner of the tourism department as well as the managing director of Rajasthan Tourism Development Corporation .Rohit R Brandon from SPINFED (Spinning &amp; Ginning Mills Federation Ltd) has now been posted as the director of the Human Capital Management (HCM), Rajasthan State Institute of Public Administration. Niranjan Arya, registrar of the cooperatives department, has been given the additional charge of SPINFED. Veenu Gupta, Commissioner of primary education has been replaced by B A Sawant,secretory of school education. Gupta now has been assigned as the principal secretary of the Sanskrit education department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14330657", "title": "Karnataka Bank, Tata Motors ink pact", "text": "MANGALORE: City-based Karnataka Bank Ltd has joined hands with M/s Tata Motors Ltd, Mumbai, for financing customers who intend to purchase cars and other light motor vehicles manufactured by the latter.Bank will provide hassle free finance on easy terms to persons availing finance under this MoU. Loans will also be available under CGTMSE scheme to eligible customers and no collateral security/guarantee would be insisted for such loans.MS Mahabaleshwara, General Manager (credit-retail finance division) of Karnataka Bank Ltd and Ramesh Dorairajan, head-retail, channel finance and Insurance, Tata Motors Ltd, signed the MoU at the bank's head office here.The bank has over 500 branches and M/s Tata Motors has over 700 touch points, across India. Senior officials of the Bank and Tata Motors Ltd were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "14330276", "title": "Ancient Keonjhar relics wallow in neglect", "text": "KEONJHAR: Even as the government is spending a huge amount of money for the preservation of ancient and old monuments and other tourist destinations, several ancient relics in Keonjhar are lying neglected since many years.Places of mythological and historical importance like the ancient stone carving at Sitabinj under Ghatagaon block area, Nanadapur statue under Champua block, Rajnagar Matha under Saharpada block, Jain and Buddhist monuments at Chakratirha, Gadachandi Pitha under Hatadihi block, ancient footprints near Old Town in Keonjhar town, at Rajnagar under Saharpada block, Sidha Matha in Keonjhar town and in other areas are lying forgotten and in urgent need of restoration.The stone footprint on the premises of Rajanagar Matha under Saharpada block is said to be that of a great sadhu who visited the matha several hundred year ago, while locals refer to the rock footprint near Old Town as 'Laxmi Pada'. People have been worshipping the left footprint on a stone near a tree for years, in an effort to invoke the blessings of the goddess of wealth. A similar footprint in Banei region of Sundergarh district is also said to be that of goddess Laxmi. A huge amount of precious metals and mineral like iron, manganese, platinum, gold, etc., is said to be buried underground at the footprint sites.Some historians believe the Old Town footprint, located in the cleavage of Judia and Chulia hills, might be related to the dynasty of Keonjhar king, while others feel the footprint might be that of saints of Boudh religion.Another mysterious footprint is located on a rock in Baitarani river bed near Rajnagar. The footprint is only visible during summer when the water subsides. According to local belief, the footprint is that of Bhima, among the Pandav brothers of Mahabharata era.According to historians, more research is required to ascertain the accurate historical importance of the ancient rock footprints. \"Whatever may be the mythological and historical belief, these relics should be protected and popularized as tourist spots,\" said Ramakrushna Mohapatra, a senior writer. \"More research is required on these footsteps to unearth the past,\" Mohapatra added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14333637", "title": "Gurmeet\u2019s Dev D &amp; Talat\u2019s Big B in Jhalaak Dikhhla Jaa!", "text": "This weekend, Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa will commemorate 100 years of cinema on Saturday, 23 rd June 2012. And some of the contestants will play tribute to the greatest cine artists of the Indian film industry.In a special act, TV hottie Gurmeet Choudhary will pay tribute to the three Devdas' of Bollywood: Dilip Kumar , Shahrukh Khan and the modern Dev D: Abhay Deol . And so grueling have his dance practices been with choreographer Champa that the busy actor does not even get time to spend with wife Debina. But Gurmeet's not complaining! This is his chance to prove his dancing prowess. Maybe he will leave his love for the bottle on the show and pay attention to all the beauties alongside him.Joining Gurmeet will be Ghazal maestro Talat Aziz who will pay a tribute to Big B ( Amitabh Bachchan ). Talat and his partner Ankita are set to groove on songs like Khaike Paan Banaraswala and Ye Mera Dil. Will Talat show the judges that he clearly is the shahenshah of the stage and will Gurmeet convincingly enact Devdas?Keep watching this space to find out all the latest updates on your favourite dance reality show: Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa !", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "14336936", "title": "Hostels told to install night-vision CCTV cameras", "text": "RAJKOT: In order to keep a watch on students' activities and security aspects in hostels, residential boarding schools in Rajkot district, Additional Magistrate in Rajkot district has issued a notification asking all hostels and residential boarding schools in the district to put night-vision CCTV cameras compulsorily within next ten days.According to the notification, all hostels located in Rajkot district which are being run by private, government, semi-government and trusts will have to pup night-vision CCTV cameras at each of the hostels.The notification issued by additional magistrate A B Gaur said that, earlier students staying in residential schools, hostels have committed suicide in the past and representations have made by various Nongovernmental organizations, parents' representation in this regard.\"Night-vision CCTV cameras have to be put at hostels 'entrance and exit points, dining hall, main lobby, Sports campus, office of the hostels among other important places in the campus.Moreover, managers of hostels have been asked to keep 30 days record of CCTV footages and whenever ask by any government agencies about the recorded footages of last 30 days, they have to produce before them. Hostels' managers will have to maintain registers of visitors, employees, students at respective hostels in the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14327306", "title": "Another person dies in Dargah case", "text": "VARANASI: The death toll in June 16 incident of brutal attack on the head of Rahim Shah Dargah and his family members rose to four on Wednesday night when Chand (25) lost his life at a private hospital in Ravindrapuri.Tension gripped Nai Sadak and adjoining areas again after the spread of news of Chand's death. The district administration and police had to exercise hard to convince the locals after which the body was buried on Thursday evening.It may be recalled that on June 16, Amjad, the gravedigger at the graveyard located behind Rahim Shah Dargah, his family members and accomplices attacked Dargah's chief Mohammad Shafiq alias Raju (45) and his family members, including the caretaker of the graveyard Mohammad Kamil (70), brother Ziauddin, son Chand (25) and nephews Shalu (22) and Natey (12) with hockey sticks and rods. Before the locals could reach the site, the assailants managed to escape. The local residents and police rushed all the injured persons to SPG Hospital, where Shafiq and Kamil were declared dead while Ziauddin succumbed to injuries during the course of treatment.The incident had kept Nai Sadak and adjoining Muslim dominated localities tense until the bodies of trio buried on June 17. The police had lodged a named FIR against six persons in this connection out of which women were arrested while Amjad, Iqbal Ahmed Rayin and others are still absconding. The angry mob of locals had also tried to torch the house of Rayin after demolishing a building constructed by Amjad after grabbing the graveyard land.The killings had taken place in the dispute of over graveyard land. Situation turned tense again on Wednesday night when Chand was declared dead at a private hospital. With the spread of this news, hundreds of Shafiq sympathisers gathered at the hospital. Keeping it in view the senior officials enhanced the security arrangements in Nai Sadak area, where heavy police force and PAC was deployed since June 17. The road between Beniabagh and Lahurabir crossings were also blocked by the police. The body of Chand was handed over to his family after post-mortem examination around 3 am.Unruly scenes took place in Nai Sadak area as youngsters in small groups, who were mainly the supporters of candidates contesting local body elections, carried out processions and raised slogans against the district administration and police.\"The shopkeepers in Nai Sadak, Beniabagh, Dalmandi and adjoining areas avoided to open the shops. Due to the protest of same groups of youth, the talks between officials and family members of Shafiq as well as senior citizens of the area failed. The high drama continued till late afternoon.The family of Shafiq and local residents agreed to bury the body of Chand after district magistrate Samir Verma and SSP B D Paulson reached the Dargah and assured to extend financial assistance as per the provisions prescribed by the government and also to ensure early arrest of accused. The district administration, police and also the local residents heaved a sigh of relief when the family of Shafiq and their sympathisers agreed to bury the body of Chand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14328746", "title": "Compensation for soya, paddy growers", "text": "NAGPUR: Over 2.8 lakh farmers growing soyabean and paddy in Nagpur district can expect infusion of much-needed cash for the new kharif crop season. Instructions have been issued to tehsildars to disburse the compensation amounts to farmers who suffered losses in soya and paddy crop in the last season. A total of Rs 39 crore will be paid to these farmers.According to minister for food and civil supplies Anil Deshmukh, the government has cleared the payments after detailed surveys of the crop losses. As per the relief package announced by chief minister Prithviraj Chavan in the winter session of the state legislature all soya and paddy farmers who lost more than 25% of their crops would be given compensation. This was part of the Rs 2000 relief package announced by Chavan for the distressed Vidarbha farmers who lost crop because of irregular rainfall in last kharif season.In the district while 2,70,900 soyabean cultivators will be benefited by this sop, 12,705 paddy growers will also get the aid. Instructions have been issued through all tehsildars in the district to transfer the amounts into individual farmer accounts in a week. \"The cash aid will come in time when farmers are busy preparing for new crop,\" said Deshmukh. Soya farmers in Katol and Narkhed tehsil will get a total aid of Rs 8 crore and cheques for the amounts were issued on June 16, said Deshmukh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14328603", "title": "Cash-strapped Nagpur Municipal Corporation ayes cars to mini mayors, panel chiefs", "text": "NAGPUR: The civic body pleads lack of funds for virtually everything. Still, when it comes to offering freebies and perks to its own, it is never short of money. After illegal offices to political parties, the Nagpur Municipal Corporation is all set to provide vehicles for zonal chiefs and committee heads, again in violation of byelaws.NMC byelaws provide for official vehicles to only mayor, deputy mayor and municipal commissioner. NMC now intends to give vehicles to 10 zone committee heads and seven heads of advisory committees like women and child welfare committee, education committee, health and market committee, water supply committee, hospital committee and construction committee.At a conservative estimated hiring cost of Rs 20,000 per vehicle per month, the move is likely to cost the civic body at least Rs 40 lakh annually. The standing committee on Thursday gave its nod to civic administration's proposal to invite tenders to provide vehicles to office-bearers for a period of two years. In the past too, NMC had provided vehicles to them but had withdrawn them when the then municipal commissioner Aseem Gupta objected saying the move was illegal.Standing committee chairman Dayashankar Tiwari explained the decision was taken to maintain the status of zone chairmen or chairpersons with zonal officers (assistant municipal commissioners). He pointed out that in 2010-11, NMC had incurred an expenditure of Rs 2.46 crore on this head and in next financial year the expenditure had come down by Rs 46 lakh. \"We would try to bring down the expenditure further,\" he added. He also pointed out that the civic administration has already given approval to .Ruling party leader and BJP corporator Pravin Datke said that a proposal to amend the byelaw to provide vehicles for these office bearers will be tabled in the next general body meeting. Leader of opposition and senior Congress corporator Vikas Thakre slammed the decision.Thakre stated the BJP-ruled NMC always pleaded lack of funds for developmental projects but did not mind spending taxpayers' money on illegal perks for the mayor, municipal commissioner, civic officials and office bearers.The standing committee also gave its nod to civic administration to terminate the tenders of two private contractors after they failed to complete the work in time. The first contractor N M Enterprises had failed to follow the deadline to strengthen 17,599 street lights and another contractor failed to plant saplings and maintain them. The NMC also forfeited their bank guarantees of around Rs 77 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14330527", "title": "Surat doctors to strike work on June 25", "text": "SURAT: The city unit of Indian Medical Association (IMA) wi-ll join the nationwide call for st-rike on Monday (June 25) given by IMA.A rally will be taken out by doctors from New Civil Hospital ( NCH) to district collectorate where a memorandum comprising demands will be handed over to the district collector. Doctors with private practice are also expected to join it.IMA is demanding cancellation of National Commission for Human Resources in Health Bill 2011, which seeks to regulate the practice of doctors. It also wants reconstitution of Medical Council of India (MCI) as per MCI Act.MCI affairs are being managed by a board of governors after the council was dissolved over corruption allegations in 2010. IMA also wants removal of Clinical Establishment Act and Bachelor of Rural Health Care course.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14334995", "title": "Prabhas\u2019 rebel satellite rights sold for 5.75 cr?", "text": "Young rebel star Prabhas' upcoming action entertainer \"Rebel\" is back in the news for right reasons. After hitting the headlines for lead actress and music director walking away from the project, \"Rebel\" has finally received the required fillip towards the end of its shooting.Sources close to the film unit says that the satellite of the film has been sold for 5.75 crores to a leading regional channel. \"Rebel\", which is into final leg of production, has already started making good business in various areas and the fresh satellite reports give the much needed boost to the makers.Prabhas will be romancing Tamanna and Deeksha Seth in this film, which is currently progressing in Bangkok. Raghava Lawrence is directing and also composing the music. \"Rebel\" audio release is expected to be in July while the movie is slated for August release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14327380", "title": "Euro 2012: The French take their moodiness too seriously", "text": "The French can be real moody. We all know that. Gallic indifference is something that the rest of the world has for long aspired to inculcate - with little success, of course.Watch Karim Benzema distractedly lope his way in and around the penalty box and you'd get a good idea. Compare that to, say, Steven Gerrard in his buzzy, Angry Bird avatar and you get the complete picture.In that sense, perhaps, the greatest Frenchman of them all was a different beast altogether. Zinedine Zidane and his magnificent broodiness belonged elsewhere. It is possible that's why he seems more at home today in the labyrinth Santiago Bernabeu than elsewhere.But somewhere along the way, the French seem to have taken their moodiness much too seriously. A divided house - Godzilla-sized egos, differing opinions, infighting - was something that traditionally became the Dutch.Of late, it has crept into the French psyche. Perhaps, agreeing to disagree in the French dressing room mirrors the state of multi-ethnic French society today. You could debate that in society it is a good thing - rising murmurs of dissent could mean that marginalized groups finally have a voice, but perhaps, football is still less democratic.A less-unified voice usually does not get you the desired results, unless of course, you are Zidane who can single-handedly pull up a warring team from the dumps and take it all the way to a World Cup final as he did in Germany six years ago. Of course, there's the immense pressure of it all, as the head-butted Marco Materazzi would tell you.At the World Cup two years ago, in the outpost town of Polokwane in South Africa, to anyone watching - if you could through bleary eyes because of the cold wind - it was immensely clear that Nicolas Anelka wouldn't even make your side in the local kickabout.That he did not show up in the second half in the eventual defeat to Mexico was no surprise, but if you peered over your desk in the press box into the playing area below, you noticed the manager Raymond Domenech leaning forlornly against the post of the French dugout for the entirety of the second session.At the final whistle, he had immediately made for the confines of the dressing room as the French side took a lap of the ground to resounding boos. It later transpired that a player mutiny at half-time had spelt the death for France in South Africa.This time, though, the French can still look ahead with hope even if it means locking gaze with the Spanish. Ahead of their meeting with the French, Spain - Zidane's spiritual home, in a sense, and Benzema's workplace - must be viewing Hatem Ben Arfa's recent outburst at Laurent Blanc with mild amusement.\"How can such trivial things upset anything,\" they'd probably laugh. For, the Spanish have had to contend with decades of historical regional and cultural differences, with much of it often spilling into their football.For many years, these differences have been seen as the cause for Spain's footballing underachievement at the international level. How can you have a unified dressing room if your country is famously not united?But of late, the Zidane-isation of Spanish football - making it more cosmopolitan - and the Barcelona-esque nature of the national squad have caused a transformation. Not all are happy but the most culturally-divided of all top countries in world football today boasts of the most harmonious dressing room.But how long will this spirit last? The Mourinho effect is already showing in the national selection. News of central defenders Gerard Pique and Sergio Ramos - staunch Barcelona and Real Madrid rivals - not seeing eye-to-eye has already crept out and the wait for Spain to famously implode is underway.Should that happen, it may even signal the end of Spain, but far from being devastated they'd recognize it as a cultural thing and move on. Moody France, meanwhile, will still quibble on how best to get over their differences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14326948", "title": "An able school for different children that's special", "text": "MADURAI: For 20 children in the government special school for orthopedically affected differently-abled children at Villapuram Housing Board, their institution is a home away from home as they cherish the cordial atmosphere along with other peers. \"After my primary studies in the school from 1987 to 1991, I have continued my studies in some reputed institutions and a renowned college in Chennai. But the special school in Villapuram is always close to my heart. It was a lovely environment as I grew up with many other differently-abled children. The dedication and affection of the teachers is very special,\" says A S Kulandaivelu, alumnus of the school and English teacher in the government school in Sankarankoil. \"Not a single student who has studied in the special school went astray. All of them have found a good future,\" says K Aadheswaran, a music teacher in Madurai. He had studied from first to eighth standards in the special school. \"My music teacher Gopalakrishnan was a source of inspiration, and after I showed interest in Carnatic music, he used to stay back and take special classes for me. He moulded me into a music teacher,\" Aadheswaran recounts.During a visit to the school, the students and teachers were found to be absorbed in their daily lessons. It is curious to note that the classrooms are on the first floor and there are steps instead of ramps leading up. But the staff say the reason behind this is that regular practice of climbing stairs helps the students gradually overcome their disabilities. This minimum mobility helps the students graduate to more important challenges in life. \"However, we help the children in the initial months by carrying them, but soon they learn to climb steps,\" a school staff said.To a quick query on the school, Deepa, a seventh standard student, says she loves her institution. \"The teachers take good care of us and give us special attention to improve our handwriting and learning skills,\" says Vigneswaran from Andipatti.Started in 1981, the school is the only one of its kind in the state for orthopedically disabled children. It was functioning in a rented building at Thirunagar with minimum facilities and then it was shifted to Villapuram with a proper building. Officials at the Differently Abled Welfare Department remember how then district collector Krishnaswamy Rajeevan had allotted the building, reversing an earlier allotment to a local big shot in just 30 minutes. \"We used to have around 100 children from across the state, but the strength has come down after the polio scenario minimised in the state. Through Sarva Siksha Abhiyan, differently-abled children were enrolled in local schools,\" says A Umavathi, a teacher at the school. \"At present, we have a few enrolments and many dropouts from regular schools are admitted at present. But we have always found a difference among children who study here from the beginning. They seem to fare better when compared to children admitted in between,\" she says.Apart from the regular classes, K Gopalakrishnan, the music teacher, teaches songs to the students. The school offers music classes and physiotherapy for students. \"The advantage with the special school is that children tend to feel confident when compared to differently-abled children at normal schools as their peers are also from similar backgrounds.\" Gopalakrishnan is visually challenged and teaches vocal music for the students. If the children show special interest in Carnatic music, he takes special classes for them. \"Not many show interest in Carnatic music, hence I teach them folk and patriotic songs,\" he says. On alumni of the institution, he says many are in good positions, which gives immense satisfaction to those who mentor them. Other teachers readily second his opinion.The school offers classes from first to eighth standard with regular curriculum. After middle school, the children are absorbed in a special private school at Melur. Girl students are absorbed into the OCPM Girls Higher Secondary School in Madurai. The district administration has decided to give a special thrust on enrolment. Recently, district collector Anshul Mishra sent out an official press note inviting admissions. Boarding and education is absolutely free. \"We are trying to improve the enrolment in the school and impart more skill-building education in the coming days,\" an official from the Differently Abled Welfare Department said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14326981", "title": "IAF recruitment rally to be held in Madurai on July 22", "text": "MADURAI: An Indian Air Force (IAF) recruitment rally for Group X technical trades will be held on July 22 at the MGR stadium (Race Course stadium) in Madurai.A defence statement said that unmarried male aspirants, born between July 1, 1991 and September 30, 1995, are eligible to appear. The recruitment is meant for candidates from all districts of Tamil Nadu and the Union Territories of Puducherry, Karaikal and Andaman and Nicobar. All candidates are required to report at the rally venue between 6am to 10pm on the day of screening.Candidates must have passed class 10 and plus two or equivalent with Mathematics, Physics and English with minimum 50% marks in overall aggregate and pass marks in each subject.Those with three years diploma in engineering (mechanical/ electrical/ electronics/ automobile/ computer science/ instrumentation technology/ information technology) with at least 50% marks in overall aggregate from a government recognised polytechnic institute can also apply, the statement said.Applicants should possess all original pass certificates and mark sheets of 10{+t}{+h} matric and plus two/ intermediate/ diploma (NCC certificate, if in possession). If the originals are not available, attested photocopies of the education/ NCC certificates will be accepted but the originals should be shown by the candidates later on when instructed to do so, the statement added.For more details, interested candidates can visit www.indianairforce.nic.in or call 044-22390561 (Direct) or 044-22396565 (Extn 7833) or 9445299128.Candidates can also email their queries to ascafstam@dataone.in or asctambaram@gmail.com.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14329536", "title": "Coimbatore police release sketch of robbery accused", "text": "COIMBATORE: In an attempt to nab robbers who shot at a fuel station manager while trying to rob him in the broad day light on the outskirts of the city a few weeks ago, the rural police have circulated a sketch of one of the robbers to all police stations in the state.On June 8, a four-member-gang tried to grab a bag containing Rs 1.27 lakh from R Palanisamy, 55, of Samychettipalayam after throwing chilli powder in his eyes. When he tried to escape, the gang shot at him and he was got injured on his left thigh. As the gang failed to get the cash, the gang fled the scene in a white car. The rural police had alerted neigbouring districts and conducted vehicle checks but they could not trace the car. Meanwhile, five special teams were formed to nab the robbers. But the police are clueless about the robbers.Police had decided to draw a sketch of one of the suspected robbers based on information collected from the victim on June 10. Now the police have circulated the sketch to all the police station in Tamil Nadu as part of continuing investigation.\"Based on information given by the victim, we have drawn a sketch of one of the robbers. We are expecting public help to crack down the case,\" said inspector M Lakshmanan, Perianaickenpalayam police station.The victim Palanisamy had seen one of the robbers who tried to grab the bag from him. After treatment in a private hospital for his bullet injury, Palanisamy assisted the experts for preparing the sketch of the accused.\"We are trying to locate the car which was used by the culprits. We have got the registration number of the car. But later it was found to be fake,\" said Lakshmanan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "14328898", "title": "No shortage of fertilizers, seeds this kharif: Administration", "text": "Yavatmal: With the onset of monsoon, the farmers across the district have so far sowed kharif crops in over 50,000 hectares land.Agriculture department sources said all the 16 tehsils in the district received good rainfall in the last three days following which the farmers have started sowing operations. Now efforts would be made to ensure adequate supply of seeds and fertilizers to the needy farmers, sources added.It is proposed to do sowing in 9 lakh hectares land in the district. Cotton was sowed in over 35,000 hectares followed by soyabean in 10,000 hectares. The farmers are also sowing pulses like tur, black gram, moong and sugarcane.2.5 lakh packets of hybrid cotton seeds and 1.5 lakh packets of soyabean are required and there would be no shortage, sources said. It is common knowledge that artificial shortage is created and seeds and fertilizers are sold in black market when the sowing is at its peak. However, officials are keeping a close watch on the trading community dealing in these products.District agriculture superintending officer Kashinath Tarkase said that 1.78 lakh metric tonnes of fertilizers are needed in the kharif season. There would be no shortage with the availability of 77,654 metric tonnes of fertilizers, he added.Tarkase said 17 special squads have been set up to oversee quality of seeds, fertilizers and pesticides. Farmers have also been urged to lodge a complaint on helpline number 1101 in case of black marketing or sale of substandard commodities, he added.Guardian minister Nitin Raut said Rs 1,062 crore have been earmarked for crop loan during the kharif sowing of which Rs 427 crore are targeted for the District Central Cooperative Bank. He also urged the nationalized banks to complete the target of loan disbursement. Raut asked the officials to coordinate water resources, conservation and irrigation for a better yield this year.District collector Ashwin Mudgal said the district had received 148% of the average rainfall in the last 15 days. Barring the flash flood in four villages of Babhulgaon tehsil due to heavy rains in the adjoining Dhamangaon Railway, the crops in any part of the district were not damaged.The administration has started calculating damaged caused due to water entering in houses in villages situated on the banks of rivers and compensation would be given as per the government norms, Mudgal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14331093", "title": "Touts hold the master key in making passport", "text": "BANGALORE: Planning a honeymoon abroad? Well, get your passport made before you marry, or get set to cough up money to touts, or travel agents who double as touts. Arjun V Ganjam and his wife Gayathri, from Mysore, have been married for seven months but are still queuing up at the Passport Seva Kendra on Lalbagh Road in Bangalore to get their passports.\"Gayathri doesn't have a passport. The first time we applied, it took about 15 days to get an appointment slot, but the application was rejected after the official pointed out that the address proof on her driving licence had a spelling mistake, and did not match the voter ID card. Then it took us another two months to get the second appointment; this time we could get it only through the travel agent who was booking our foreign trip,\" said Arjun.The travel agent charged Rs 2,000 for the appointment. Arjun and Gayathri have to travel to Bangalore for their passports. And the touts are their only resort as it is next to impossible to get an appointment Jyothi Nandkishore, homemaker and resident of Vijayanagar, also had to cough up Rs 2,600 to her agent to renew two passports and apply for a fresh one for their son.The agents not only get an appointment slot with the passport officer in the PSK but also manipulate a particular officer to ensure you sail through the interview. Even if an officer rejects your application, you can still go through a tout and get your passport done through the same officer. This is because the officials get their cut from the agents. Chand Pasha, 50, from Yeshwanthpur, has waited for 10 months to get his passport.\"Sometimes, agents charge Rs 800, some others have demanded Rs 1,000, but each time I go for an interview with the officers, they have rejected my application, citing mistakes in my identity proof papers,\" he said. June 20 was his fifth visit to the Lalbagh Road PSK. The touts can get you proof of residence, even if you are not from Karnataka. \"I am from West Bengal and I applied through an agent because my friends had faced problems proving they are currently residing in Bangalore. The agent, from First India, promised to get proof of residence and an appointment with the passport officer at a cost of Rs 3,500,\" said Debjani Ponda, an MBA student staying in paying guest accommodation in Jayanagar 9th Block.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14328175", "title": "On low voltage plea, HC gives power board a jolt", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tamil Nadu Electricity Board (TNEB) came in for severe criticism in the Madras high court on Thursday, when it was slammed for the severe power fluctuation and low voltage problem in the state.Noting that power scenario in Tamil Nadu was not up to the mark and that the general public were subjected to 'severe hardships,' the bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam directed the TNEB's chief engineer (commercial) to file an affidavit explaining in detail the power situation and the steps taken to rectify the low voltage problem.\"It cannot be denied that the supply of electricity in the state in general, and in the Chennai city in particular, is not up to the mark,\" the judges said, adding: \"There has been a constant fluctuation in voltage in and around Chennai, which results in severe hardship to the general public.\"The judges were issuing interim directions on a public interest petition filed by advocate S Vijay of New Washermenpet. In his PIL, Vijay contended that almost every section of the state's population, particularly in Chennai, was affected by the low voltage problem, and despite complaints, the TNEB authorities never acted promptly to address the grievance.The PIL submitted that electrical appliances such as grinders, airconditioners and washing machines could not be used by households, and school-going children and the aged suffered without sleep during the entire hot summer period this year. Electrical appliances in many houses were damaged due to low voltage and the authorities refused to take necessary action even when given written complaints, it said.Referring to the recent reduction of the power cut duration from two hours to one hour daily, the PIL said the government was imposing indirect power cuts on the people instead of trying to solve the problem.It said the state government had a constitutional obligation to provide enough electricity to the people, and added that due to the low voltage problem, business people were finding it difficult to continue their business activities in an effective manner.Vijay wanted the court to direct the government to attend to complaints of low voltage in almost all localities in and around Chennai and rectify the problem within a time frame.The bench posted the matter to July 3 for the TNEB to file a report detailing the steps taken to address the grievances of consumers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14328774", "title": "Pak man brought from J&K; missing", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Pakistani national brought to the Lampur detention centre here from Jammu jail in the first week of June has escaped, police said on Thursday. Haider Ali (22), was detained in J&K; under the public safety Act and shifted to Lampur due to lack of a similar centre there. He was due to be deported.A senior police official said investigation was on to ascertain how Ali escaped from the detention centre. A case has been registered in this regard at the Narela police station. \"He was awaiting deportation after he was caught in J&K; without valid papers. Since the state has no detention centres, he was brought to the city,'' said a senior officer. Officials found out about the missing man after they started the day's counting. \"We began a search on finding one person less,'' said the official.Ali's name was on the list attached to a petition before the division bench of Supreme Court for deportation of foreigners who have completed their jail terms. The court had recently directed the government to repatriate all foreign prisoners, mostly Pakistanis, who have served out their sentences but remain in jail.The IB and special branch are reportedly interrogating the guards to find out whether they played a role in Ali's escape. Teams have been sent to Haryana and Rajasthan and several places %in Punjab.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14329731", "title": "Bhubaneshwar joins revelries as weather plays true", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Amid an idyllic weather of overcast skies and cool breeze, thousands of devotees thronged the city streets to participate in the annual sojourn of Lord Jagannath and his kin Balabhadra and Subhadra.Though the car festival was organized at no less than 20 different places in the state capital, the International Society for Krishna Consciousness (Iskcon) and Patiagarh temples attracted the maximum crowd.Excitement was writ large on the faces of devotees, as the deities of Iskcon temple were taken out in a procession to the Gundicha temple in Unit-VIII. \"This is the third year in a row that I am pulling the chariot of Subhadra. Since Puri is overcrowded, I prefer coming here since the last few years,\" said a woman devotee from Nayapalli.The pahandi at Iskcon temple, one of the first rituals of the yatra, was performed at around 11 am while the raths started rolling after 3 pm. The three chariots were stationed near the Gundicha temple for public viewing. Since the temple is right on the National Highway (NH) and the chariots took the NH till CRPF chowk to reach their destination, police had diverted the traffic for around an hour for smooth running of the chariots.A euphoric spirit marked the annual event at Patiagarh temple, which was thronged by thousands of people from neighbouring villages. After the chhera pahanra, the chariots rolled down to reach the Mausi Maa temple, around 500 metres away.Rath Yatra in Patiagarh was discontinued for 78 years since 1931 due to lack of patronization before it was restored again in 2010. Village elders said the Patia temple was built between 1774 and 1787 by the then Patia king Ramachandra Dev and his son Raghunath Dev.More than 30,000 devotees participated in pulling the three decorated chariots festooned with flowers, applique and mural paintings at Shrivani Khetra of Kalinga Institute of Social Sciences (KISS). Pahandi, mangala arati, mailama, tadapalagi, rosha homi, abakasha and surya puja rituals were followed by the procession of deities from the temple sanctum to the makeshift Mausi Maa temple at Sikharchandi. Devadalan, the chariot of goddess Subhadra was pulled by only women. Special sculptors from Puri were involved in making the chariots of Shrivani Khetra on the suggestion of Gajapati Maharaja Shri Dibya Singh Dev.While three separate chariots were pulled at the above mentioned places, at most other venues like Tamando and Old Town, the deities shared a single rath.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "nawanshahr", "code": "14330814", "title": "Nawanshahr deputy commissioner bans mining in river Satluj", "text": "NAWANSHAHR: The deputy commissioner has banned sand mining in river Satluj after an inquiry by district revenue officer (DRO) confirmed that demarcation of designated sites has not remained clear, leading to illegal mining.The issue of illegal practices associated with sand mining in the district had come to the centre stage after a dispute between truck operators and men of the sand mining contractor in May first week. The operators had alleged that they were being made to pay much higher price than what had been fixed by the state government. Alleging that Rahon police station officials were acting in a partisan manner, they added that one of their men had been picked up from Civil Hospital, Ropar, after registering a case following a scuffle.Deputy commissioner Shruti Singh has also issued directions for re-demarcation of the mining sites (khuds). She asked mining officer Bhola Singh Brar to demarcate the sites in association with DRO and till then no mining in the river would take place.The DC said that earlier the government had earmarked 113 places in the river bed for mining but now their boundaries were not clear. The mining would start after a clear demarcation.She also asked the mining officer that after re-demarcation it should be ensured that no mining takes place beyond these boundaries and it would also be ensured that no one would be allowed to charge more than the rates fixed by the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14334922", "title": "Sunil and Sangeeta's silver jubilee marriage anniversary", "text": "When silver jubilee marriage anniversary of Sunil and Sangeeta turned out to be a memorable affair for the couple.The couple's friends threw a grand party for them that began with a procession from their residence to the venue. It was quite a sight to see the couple drive down an open jeep, beautifully decorated with heart-shaped balloons and flowers. Family friend Vijay Agarwal surprised the duo by presenting an album of Sunil and Sangeeta's honeymoon stills \"Twenty years back, we had planned our honeymoon trip together.I thought this would be the best gift for them today,\" Vijay shared. At the party, most women were spotted flaunting traditional mehendi designs on their palms. While Sneha looked elegant in designer saree, Ashwika looked equally attractive in a fish cut lehenga. Mocktails and spicy chaats added to the sumptuous spread. Renu Singh", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14328060", "title": "Presidential poll: Pranab Mukherjee to visit Kolkata today", "text": "KOLKATA: With Mamata Banerjee still keeping her cards close to her chest when other parties have announced their stand on the presidential poll, Congress president Sonia Gandhi doesn't want to lose an important ally even if it means \"stooping\" before her for the moment.Sonia, instead, is looking beyond the presidential poll to keep the UPA family united when all other blocks, including the NDA and the Left, are divided on the issue.The UPA's presidential candidate, Pranab Mukherjee , has been entrusted with the job of breaking the ice with Mamata. How he does it has been left to the veteran troubleshooter.Mukherjee, who will reach Kolkata on Friday night, is scheduled to leave for his ancestral home at Miriti village in Birbhum on Saturday morning. All eyes will be on whether he pays the Trinamool chief a visit. Congress leaders in Delhi are not sure if their presidential candidate will meet Mamata now or keep it for the formal campaign tour after filing his nomination on June 30. But that may be too late to pacify Mamata, feel some Congress leaders.According to Congress insiders, Mukherjee is trying to send feelers to Mamata through politicians and government officials, some of whom are already in touch her. The Congress wants to initiate a dialogue with her at the earliest because BJP's Sushma Swaraj has already indicated that her party is in talks with the Bengal chief minister to get Trinamool on board.There was speculation in political circles that BJP's presidential nominee P A Sangma may visit Kolkata on the same day as Mukherjee. Trinamool leaders claimed no such knowledge. James Sangma, the former Lok Sabha Speaker's son, denied that his father had any plans to visit Kolkata on Friday.A Trinamool veteran pointed out that it would be difficult for Mamata to support Sangma because the former Speaker was with the Trinamool for a short time in 1995, but deserted it as he has dumped the NCP now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "14329968", "title": "PIO woman treats kin as slave, jailed", "text": "NEW YORK: The sister-in-law of an Indian woman, who came to the US after an arranged marriage, has been sentenced to two years in prison for physically assaulting her and treating her as a slave.Rajani Jagota, 32, was convicted in February this year on charges of labour trafficking and assault, Rockland county district attorney Thomas Zugibe said in New York.The victim, now 25-year-old , is an Indian citizen who came to the US after an arranged marriage with Vishal Jagota. The defendant, along with her mother, Parveen Jagota and brother using intimidation , physical abuse and manipulation to force the victim to work as a round-the-clock servant, performing a variety of household chores, cooking, child care and other tasks under threats of violence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14328675", "title": "Medical college admissions begin from July 3", "text": "NAGPUR: The admissions for health science courses in Maharashtra will commence from July 3 and continue till July 11. After almost two weeks of declaration of MHT-CET results, the directorate of medical education and research (DMER) has finally released the schedule for admission. About 28,616 candidates qualified for the health science courses from the state, while there are just over 7,000 seats on offer.The information brochure containing application forms will be available from June 29 at four regional centres - Grant Medical College in Mumbai, BJ Medical College in Pune, and Government Medical Colleges in Aurangabad and Nagpur. The candidates have to show MHT-CET scorecard to get the brochure.The 7,000 seats are spread across medical (MBBS), dental (BDS), ayurveda (BAMS), Unani, homeopathy, occupational therapy , physiotherapy and nursing courses in 58 government and aided institutions along with municipal corporation colleges.GMC Nagpur will be the regional centre for students from Nagpur, Akola, Washim, Yavatmal, Amravati, Wardha, Chandrapur, Gadchiroli, Bhandara and Gondia districts, informed MHT-CET coordinator for Vidarbha region Dr NT Jeevtode.SCHEDULE FOR PREFERENCE FORMSDate ------- SML No----------- CategoryJuly 3 - 1 to 800 - All*July 4 - 801 to 1,900 - AllJuly 5 - 1,901 to 3,100 - AllJuly 6 - 3,101 to 5,100 - AllJuly 7 - 5,101 to 9,000 - AllJuly 8 - 9,001 to 15,000 - AllJuly 9 -15,001 to 25,000 - SC, ST, VJ, NT1/2/3, OBC, MKB, Defence 2 and 3July 10 - 25,001 to 40,000 - SC, ST, VJ, NT1/2/3, and OBC candidatesJuly 11 ---- 40,001 to 215,572 - ST and only candidates for BUMS* course(PH - Physically Handicapped; On each date, morning session will begin at 9am, afternoon session from 2pm. * All the candidates, including constitutional and specified reservation from State Merit List (SML) No. 1 to 15,000 should report on respective dates and time schedule. * All candidates desirous of seeking admission to BUMS course should have passed SSC with Urdu)No.of medical colleges &amp; seats in Maharashtra:Course------------------------- Colleges ----------- SeatsMedical------------------------ 18 -------------------- 2,060Dental-------------------------- 4 --------------------- 240Ayurveda---------------------- 20 -------------------- 1,020Homeopathy---------------- 45 -------------------- 3,185Unani---------------------------- 3 -------------------- 170Physiotherapy----------------- 4 -------------------- 90OccuTherapy ----------------- 4 -------------------- 90Audiology------------------------ 2 -------------------- 25Prosthetics&amp; Orthotics ------- 1 -------------------- 10BSc Nursing --------------------- 4 -------------------- 200Grand Total ---------------------- 58 -------------------- 7,090(*The figures include government/corporation/aided and private homeopathy colleges)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14330334", "title": "Despite rain, Rath Yatra draws thousands in Ranchi", "text": "RANCHI: Undeterred by incessant drizzle, thousands of devotees took turns to pull the decorated chariots of Lord Jagannath, his brother Balabhadra and sister Subhadra during Rath Yatra celebrations here on Thursday. The annual journey of the deities to 'Mausibadi' - their maternal aunt's house situated a km away was the main attraction of the 10-day festival which began on Thursday.During the yatra, devotees joined Jagannathpur temple chief priest Rameshwar Padhi and his helpers pull the temple-sized chariots. People from Jamshedpur, Dhanbad, Saraikela Kharsawan, West Singhbhum and the neighboring states flocked to Ranchi to pulling the Lord's chariots, which is considered pious. Shivesh Singh, member of Jagannathpur Mandir Nayas Samiti, said: \"Lord Jagannath, along with brother Balabhadra and sister Subhadra, will stay at their aunt's house for nine days.\"Even with rains lashing the city on Thursday morning, a sea of devotees descended at the main Jagannath temple to participate in the rituals. The absence of ministers, MLAs, and other big wigs from the political circles made it easy for people to offer their prayers. City SP Ranjeet Prasad and ASP Hatia Indrajeet Mahatha also offered prayers in the morning.The Jagannath temple was established in Ranchi in 1961 and the first such Rath Yatra took place a year later in 1692. \"This is the 320{+t}{+h} year that the procession has been taken out. It is a centuries old tradition and the holy procession draws devotees from both Bihar and Jharkhand,\" said Singh.With an earnest desire to touch the rope attached to the chariots, a large number of children also lined up the street. Artists playing devotional songs to the tune of drums, trumpets and other musical instruments accompanied the three chariots. \"I have been coming here for the occasion for several years. It is one of the largest Hindu festivals in the city,\" said Prasad, a pilgrim.Braj Bhushan Nath Mishra, a priest, said all arrangements for welcoming the deities and performing rituals during their nine-day stay have been made at 'Mausibadi'. Before the yatra began, priests organized 'Mangal Aarti', chanted shlokas, and performed a 'Puspanjali' for the idols. The celebrations were largely peaceful as an elaborate security arrangement was in place. SDO Shekhar Jamuar said, \"There has been no untoward incident so far on this auspicious day.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14328262", "title": "Velim killing: Police custody for 2 accused", "text": "MARGAO: The two accused arrested by the Cuncolim police on Wednesday in connection with the murder of a woman at Velim, Dattaraj Satoskar and Ancil Mascarenhas, were remanded to seven days police custody on Thursday.The three other accused, all juveniles, including two grandsons of the deceased, have been housed in Apna Ghar, Merces.Police have recovered all the gold ornaments that were robbed by the accused from the victim's house after committing the murder. Police sources said that the value of the gold ornaments weighing 210g was 5.7 lakh.Significantly, it has now come to light that the eldest grandson of the deceased who hatched the plot, picked up the idea from a television serial 'Crime Patrol' that he would regularly watch at the house of his friend, who is also a minor and an accused in the offence.Police interrogations have revealed that the eldest grandson was also acquainted with several persons having a criminal background, though there have been no complaints so far of his being involved in any criminal activities earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14328326", "title": "LDA to complete Kanshiram scheme by Sep 30", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow Development Authority has decided to get the pending Kanshiram Shahri Awas Yojana completed by September 30. On Thursday, LDA vice-chairman, Rajneesh Dubey asked the officials to get the details of the pending works related to the project and complete it within a set time frame.The LDA also decided to get a high security bank draft submitted from those who have not constructed building as per the norms. The draft will be a guarantee of the commitment from the allottee that they would get the building rectified or will have the deposit seized.Thousands of cases of violations related to houses which have not been constructed in accordance with the sanctioned lay out plan have been pending with the LDA for quite some time. In most of the cases LDA has been asking the violators to get the buildings rectified, essentially by demolishing the wrongly constructed structures.However, in most of the cases, the owners do not budge. Dubey also directed LDA officials to get the parks having an area more than two acres for planting saplings on the occasion of Van Mahotsav, the week long programme that will begin on July 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14327684", "title": "Gambling back in Hyderabad clubs", "text": "HYDERABAD: The much-hyped police crackdown on the card rooms of city clubs has suddenly come to an end and 40% of the clubs have resumed gambling operations on a massive scale.Citing gambling as the reason, in March 2011, the then city police commissioner A K Khan has ordered a crackdown on the city family clubs. Among the 42 registered clubs in the city, card rooms in 90% clubs were shut down during that period. A few old clubs like Nizam Club, Secunderabad Club and Fateh Maidan Club were the only exceptions.However, some clubs have opened their card rooms a few months ago, saying that only rummy was being played at their premises, which is not illegal. Following the suicide of a gambler at Country Club in Begumpet on August 24, 2011, gambling activity was again stopped at all the clubs.However, since the last one month, most of the clubs in the city have re-opened their card rooms. As of now, 18 clubs have opened their card rooms in the city with both political and police support. \"Club managements pay in lakhs every month to cops and politicians. Due to the police crackdown in the past, not just the club owners, but even the other parties involved had lost a lot of money. Recently, majority of the clubs re-opened card rooms with political support and doing brisk business,\" MBT corporator Amjadullah Khan said.The MBT leader has been very vocal about several clubs operating gambling dens in Saidabad and Champapet areas. In fact, he has listed out names of these clubs in the city where gambling is going on. The list includes Country Club, Celebrity Club, Chiran Fort, Family World clubs in Begumpet, G V R Club, Bowenpally, Greater Family Club, Lower Tank Bund, Derby Club, Balaji Sports Club in Kacheguda, Crystal Club in Mehdipatnam, S R Club in Saidabad Colony, Friends Club in Champapet, Fateh Maidan Club, Basheerbagh, Naini Hitech in Bowenpally, Epitome club in Habsiguda, Celebrity Club in Malakpet and B N Reddy Club in Champapet\"All these clubs are doing Rs 5 to 10 lakh worth business daily through gambling and other illegal activities. Three city-based Congress politicians are backing most of these clubs and police have remained silent by collecting bribes,\" the corporator said.When contacted, city police commissioner Anurag Sharma said that they will look into the allegations about illegal activities at the clubs. \"We will look into the allegations and a stern action will be taken if it is found that illegal activities are taking place,\" Anurag Sharma said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14327009", "title": "Nazareth hospital heading for closure?", "text": "PATNA: People of Mokama town, about 90km from the state capital, are in despair at the thought of Nazareth Hospital, a local Christian missionary organization, heading for closure. They are disturbed at the thought, for they would be left with no reliable and quality medical facility if the hospital is closed. Already, it has significantly downsized its operations.\"Nazareth Hospital is not just a hospital. It is an institution that has been serving the people of Mokama and nearby areas for over 60 years now. Generations have been born and treated at the hospital at very reasonable charges. But, for some unknown reasons, the authorities concerned do not seem interested in running the hospital any longer,\" laments Upendra Sharma, a retired college teacher of Mokama.The number of doctors and nursing staff at the hospital has declined significantly. \"The hospital authorities have not publicly announced downsizing of operations, and the writing on the wall points to its closure. The patients arriving in evening hours are not admitted. Rather they are denied treatment. They are turned away from the hospital gates by guards. The ignorant patients, coming from outside the town, are left with nowhere to go and often succumb to their illnesses,\" said Ram Sharan Singh, a retired engineer and convener of Navchetna Manch.Singh insists that people of Mokama are keen to extend every possible help to keep the hospital, which was established around 1950, going. In fact, a delegation led by one Ashok Narayan Singh had met the hospital administrator, Sister Usha, in April, but nothing tangible emerged out of it. Sources said the hospital authorities are yet to reciprocate people's goodwill.Contacted for comments, Sister Usha didn't deny that the hospital's operations have been downsized. However, she attributed this to acute shortage of doctors and other paramedical staff. \"We won't like to offer substandard services to patients,\" she said, hastening to add, \"However, we haven't taken any decision to close the hospital.\" She declined to speak further.To this, Singh said, \"It is difficult to believe that a Christian missionary organization can't tide over the shortage of doctors and paramedics if it has the will.\"MLC and state spokesman of JD(U), Neeraj Kumar, who hails from Mokama, said the government could do little to keep the hospital operational. \"It is a minority institution run by a trust and doesn't receive any government aid. Hence, government intervention is simply ruled out.\"For record, Mokama has a 50-bed government referral hospital. \"But, it lacks proper arrangement and management for prompt and quality medicare to people of Mokama,\" says Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14330376", "title": "The simple dos and don'ts for the season", "text": "RANCHI: Monsoon brings relief after a long spell of summer. But along with the respite from heat, the season brings forth health issues like skin diseases, fungal infection, hepatitis, diarrhea and related problems. Children are especially vulnerable to these diseases. Little care and simple steps can help prevent such dreadful diseases.Skin diseases are the most common in rainy season. \"Skins get affected as it becomes greasy and oily in this season. There can be fungal infections like dandruff on the scalp, hair loss due to humidity, insect bites allergy, acne and boils,\" said Saroj Rai, skin specialist.She also added \"Take regular bath, if possible twice a day with antiseptic soap. Girls should use moisturizers but which are not oily and should go for a dry make up instead of a heavy makeup. People should not wear synthetic as they are uncomfortable. Despite cloudy skies sun block cream is a must with a minimum SPF of 15 to 20. Street food and spicy food should be avoided. Face should be washed with mild face wash twice or thrice a day.\"Children of all age groups need special care in this season. \"They catch cold, get diarrhea and many such waterborne diseases very soon. Hence if it's a new born it should be protected from cold. Open and cut fruits on the streets and water should be avoided,\" said Dr Rajesh, of Rani Hospital.General physicians also suggest that people need to protect themselves from seasonal variations. They should eat only home made food. Clothes should always be dry because that can lead to fungal diseases.This season there are more chances of viral and bacterial eye infection. \"Eye infection and conjunctivitis may lead to watering, irritation and pain. It is better to avoid contact with the infected person, do not share handkerchief or towel with the infected person. People have a tendency to use eye drops unnecessarily. That should not be the case and doctors should be consulted for any medication,\" said Dr Ranjeet Singh, eye specialist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14327546", "title": "Umesh appears in court for second day", "text": "HYDERABAD: Suspended DGP rank officer Umesh Kumar appeared in the Nampally court for the second day on Thursday.Umesh had to appear on Thursday before the court in connection with the forgery case in which he is accused of forging a letter using the letterhead of a Rajya Sabha to the Union ministry of home affairs.Umesh Kumar on Wednesday ffeared in the court and recalled the earlier Non Bailable Warrant ( NBW), issued by Nampally court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14328037", "title": "Pre-University Education revaluation brings cheers to some, tears to others", "text": "BANGALORE: Call it a double-edged sword, but revaluation and retotalling results declared by the Department of Pre-University Education on Thursday left some students with a big smile. Some weren't so fortunate, having to put up with lower marks.Tippanna Hanchinal couldn't believe his luck when he got 88 in history after his original marks card showed just 9. Neither could G Karthik Marathe, who moved up to 72 from 5 in Sanskrit and Parshwanatha, who got 73, up from 1, in the same subject. Changes in retotalling and unvalued answers were seen mostly in subjects like Kannada, history and mathematics.In revaluation, Clarence Preetham D'Souza got 81 in Computer Science though he got only 31 first time around. Hilda Margaret got 69 (up from 30) in economics, Chetan Kumar G M cleared the Kannada paper as he got 50 (he'd been deemed failed with 16 earlier). Sujay B scored 85 in Kannada language, up from 51. Changes were recorded mainly in subjects like mathematics, economics and Kannada.On the other side of the spectrum, marks to the tune of 20 to 30 were deducted in many cases. Priya B received 37 in Chemistry though her original score was 54.According to Rashmi V Mahesh, commissioner, PU Department, action will be taken against errant evaluators. \"This time, we plan to take disciplinary action as per the CCA against government lecturers. As far as private college lecturers are concerned, we will send notices to their colleges. We'll show the script to them and record it in the service register,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14326419", "title": "High power demand, East Delhi worst hit", "text": "NEW DELHI: East Delhi residents faced a harrowing time on Thursday as the city's peak power demand touched a new high of 5,271 MW.The huge demand was triggered by the searing heat as the maximum temperature settled at 43 degrees Celsius, five degrees above normal. The morning was no better with the minimum temperature being recorded at 33.6 degrees Celsius, six degrees above normal.Several colonies in east Delhi faced interruptions in power supply throughout the day, specially during the afternoon hours. Delhi Transco officials, who attributed the power cuts to the tripping of a line, said that although they managed to take help from alternate lines, some disturbance in power supply was inevitable. A Transco spokesperson said, \"Due to the snapping of a jumper on the 220KV Badarpur-Noida-Gazipur circuit of Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Ltd (UPPCL), supply of power to Delhi at 7.55am was disrupted. It led to rotational load shedding in east Delhi areas like Patparganj, Vivek Vihar, Mayur Vihar, Kondli, Khichripur, Dilshad Garden, Nand Nagari, Wazirabad, Gonda, Kanti Nagara and Seelampur.\" While the fault was expected to be repaired by 4pm, things didn't improve till late evening.Ajay Sood from Mayur Vihar Phase II said there was no electricity for over an hour till he left for work at 10am. \"Fortunately, we have an inverter so we did not face too much of a problem. But outages lasting for shorter durations have become routine now,\" he said. Patparganj resident Meena Sharma complained of very low voltage adding that power supply played truant throughout the day.Going by the last few weeks, wherein the power demand has set new records, power sector experts expect the peak power demand this year to cross the 5,500 MW mark. So far, the rise in 2012 has surpassed the trend seen in the last 20 years or so. \"Barring one or two exceptional years, usually the annual peak demand is recorded in the second fortnight of July or early August. This year, however, we have been witnessing a a new high almost every other week.We are now anticipating that by the time we hit July-August, the power consumption in Delhi will be above 5,500 MW,\" said an official.Met officials have warned the next few days are expected to get hotter. Maximum temperatures are likely to rise by two degrees across northwest India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "puri", "code": "14330258", "title": "Cops keep hawk's eye out to thwart terror strike", "text": "PURI: The possibility of terror strike during Rath Yatra sent Puri police into a tizzy on Thursday.\"There were intelligence reports that some subversive groups might create trouble during Rath Yatra. We were prepared to face any eventuality. Security was tightened compared to previous years,\" Odisha DGP Manmohan Praharaj said. \"We also appealed to the people to remain alert,\" he added.Gun-toting policemen covered the temple from all sides to thwart any danger. Sharpshooters occupied rooftops to keep a tab on suspicious characters. Around 107 platoons of police forces, two companies of rapid action force and 500 police officers were garrisoned in the beach town to control law and order.Threat perception apart, the cops were on their toes to provide security to the VVIPs, who thronged Puri to witness the Rath Yatra. Governor M C Bhandare, chief minister Naveen Patnaik , a number of ministers and MLAs were present near the temple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14329728", "title": "\u2018Gilani verdict shows Pak SC has gone berserk\u2019", "text": "When I was I was a student of law in the Allahabad University I had read of the British Constitutional principle 'The King can do no wrong'. At that time I did not understand the significance of this principle and what it really meant. It was much later, when as a legal practitioner its real significance dawned on me.The British were experienced and able administrators. They realized from their own long, historical experience that while everybody should be legally liable for his wrongs and made to face court proceedings for the same, the person at the apex of the whole Constitutional system must be given total immunity from criminal proceedings, otherwise the system could not function. Hence the King of England must be given total immunity from criminal proceedings. Even if he commits murder, dacoity, theft, or some other crime the King cannot be dragged to Court and made to face a trial.One may ask, why should the King be given this immunity when others are not? The answer is that in the practical world one does not deal with absolutes. The British were one of the most far sighted administrators the world has known. They realized that if the King is made to stand on the witness box or sent to jail the system could not function . A stage is reached at the highest level of the system where total immunity to the person at the top has to be granted. This is the only practical view.Following this principle in British Constitutional Law almost every constitution in the world has incorporated a provision giving total immunity to presidents and governors from criminal prosecution. Thus, Section 248(2) of the Pakistan Constitution states: \"No criminal proceedings whatsoever shall be instituted or continued against the president or governor in any court during his term of office.\"The language of the above provision is clear, and it is a settled principle of interpretation that when the language of a provision is clear the court should not twist or amend its language in the garb of interpretation, but read it as it is. It is baffling, therefore, how proceedings on corruption charges (which are clearly of a criminal nature ) can be instituted or continued against the Pakistan president.Moreover, how can the court remove a prime minister? This is unheard of in a democracy. The PM holds office as long he has the confidence of parliament, not confidence of the supreme court.I regret to say that the Pakistan supreme court, particularly its chief justice, has been showing utter lack of restraint which is expected of the superior courts.The court is playing to the galleries for long. It has clearly gone overboard and flouted all canons of Constitutional Jurisprudence.The constitution establishes a delicate balance of power among the three organs of the State, the Legislature, the Executive and the Judiciary. Each must respect the other, and not encroach into their domain, otherwise the system cannot function. It seems to me that the Pakistan supreme court has lost its balance and gone berserk. If it does not now come to its senses I am afraid the day is not far off when the constitution will collapse, and the blame will squarely lie with the Pakistan supreme court, particularly its chief justice.(The author is the chairman of Press Council of India)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14334981", "title": "Hillary Clinton identifies activist Ela Bhatt as one of her 'heroines'", "text": "WASHINGTON: US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has identified India's eminent social activist Ela Bhatt as one of her \"heroines\".\"I have a lot of heroes and heroines around the world,\" Clinton said yesterday, adding that one of them is Ela Bhatt, who started an organisation called the Self-Employed Women's Association (SEWA) in India many years ago.\"She was a very well-educated woman who had the options available to those in her class with her intellectual ability, but she chose to devote her life to organising the poorest of the poor, women who worked in fields, who sold vegetables, who were domestics, who struggled to eke out a living for themselves and their families, women who were considered the last to eat, the least important,\" Clinton said while speaking very highly of Bhatt.\"When I first visited her, as First Lady, in India, she took me to a big gathering where women had come from all over the region. Some of them had walked for 24 hours. And these were such beautiful women, brightly colored saris, beautiful chiseled features. And they were part of SEWA, the Self-Employed Women's Association,\" Clinton said referring to her first interaction with the organisation.Clinton said that the women of SEWA showed the courage to stand up to their abusive husbands and mother-in-laws on the basis of their income, adding that the latter are working to enhance the quality of life for their own families.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14327561", "title": "GHMC worker swept to his death in drain", "text": "HYDERABAD: A worker engaged in desiltation on Thursday of a storm water drain near the Bata shop on RP Road was swept away and his body found after four hours. Devaraju Veeraswamy, who could not be traced for several hours, was found dead on Thursday.Police and official sources said a total of 12 workers were engaged by contractor Saraiah of Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) to clear the silt clogging the drain, with work starting at 9am. The workers were directed to make a hole in the concrete slab covering the drain to enable them to clear the silt.After making two big holes in the concrete structure, five workers got down into the drain and started removing the silt. Once the silt was removed, a gush of drain water swept away the five workers. While four of them were rescued by the other labourers with the help of locals, Deevaraju Veeraswamy, 25, went missing.GHMC authorities teamed up with fire department officials to launch a search for Deevaraju by breaking open the concrete structure. It was after four long hours that Veeraswamy's body was traced to near the Government Boys' High School at Kalasiguda, a quarter of a kilometre away from the pit where he got sucked into the drain. Veeraswamy was a resident of Gudimalkapur and hailed from Warangal district. The workers alleged that municipal authorities forced them to get into the drain without giving them life-saving equipment.The workers - D Chandraiah, Prameela, A Ravi and Yellama - who managed to escape with injuries have been shifted to Gandhi Hospital where they are undergoing treatment. Traffic in and around Mahankali temple was disrupted for several hours following the incident. Later in the day, GHMC mayor Majid Hussain accompanied by deputy mayor G Raj Kumar and special commissioner Navin Mittal visited the spot and announced an ex gratia of Rs 1 lakh to the family of the deceased worker.Assistant commissioner of police (Mahankali division) GP Vasu Sena said that a case has been registered under section 304A (causing death by negligence) against contractor Saraiah, local corporator Kiranmayee and GHMC officials.Meanwhile, Singireddy Srinivas Reddy, The incident created outrage as the municipal authorities were not prepared for the monsoon.TDP's floor leader in GHMC alleged that the civic body's engineering officials were making false claims about desiltation works being completed before monsoon set in. \"As per records, the contractors should have removed about three lakh tonnes of silt from 700km length of storm water drains. If their claim is true, they should show the place where the silt was dumped,\" the floor leader said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14330705", "title": "Emperor penguins feel the heat", "text": "WASHINGTON: Rapid sea ice melting in Antarctica threatens the lives of Emperor penguins, and if global temperatures continue to rise, the largest sea birds may eventually disappear, a new study has claimed.Unlike other sea birds, the four-feet tall Emperor penguins breed and raise their young almost exclusively on sea ice.If that ice breaks up and disappears early in the breeding season , massive breeding failure may occur, said the researchers from Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution ( WHOI).\"Over the last century, we have already observed the disappearance of the Dion Islets penguin colony, close to the West Antarctic Peninsula,\" said Stephanie Jenouvrier , the lead author of the study published in the journal Global Change Biology. \"In 1948 and the 1970s, scientists recorded more than 150 breeding pairs there. By 1999, the population was down to just 20 pairs, and in 2009, it had vanished entirely.\"Like in Terre Adelie, a coastal region of Antarctica where French scientists have observed penguins for more than 50 years, Jenouvrier thinks the decline of those penguins might be connected to a simultaneous decline in Antarctic sea ice due to warming temperatures in the region.Disappearing sea ice, the researchers said, may also affect the penguins' food source.The birds feed primarily on fish, squid, and krill, a shrimplike animal, which in turn feeds on zooplankton and phytoplankton, tiny organisms that grow on the underside of the ice.If the ice goes, so too will the plankton, causing a ripple effect through the food web that may starve the various species that penguins rely on as prey, Jenouvrier said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "bharuch", "code": "14330579", "title": "Squall damages banana, cane harvests", "text": "BHARUCH: The cyclonic condition that swept Bharuch on Tuesday has caused large-scale damage to the banana and sugarcane crops in Jhagadia, Hansot and Ankleshwar taluka of the district.The two-hour wind fury on Monday and Tuesday night ravaged crops, mainly banana and sugarcane on nearly 750 hectares land in Jhagadia and 300 hectares in Hansot and Ankleshwar.Banana plantation is done on nearly 8,000 hectares of land in this region.Villages that saw maximum losses include Mulad, Mandva, Sajod and Pungav of Ankleshwar and Govali, Jhagadia and Rajpardi in Jhagadia taluka of district. Officers in district flood control room said, \"We have received many complaints of massive damage to the standing crop of banana and sugarcane due to strong winds on Tuesday. We have asked taluka development officers and mamlatdars to take stock of the situation.\"Deepak Patel, a banana farmer said, \"This is second time in two years that banana crops have been destroyed due to sudden change in weather.\"Meanwhile, district collector Roopwant Singh and Rajya Sabha MP Bharatsinh Parmar along with tribal leaders visited Valia's damaged primary schools and announced grant of Rs 35 lakh for reconstruction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14326866", "title": "Rallyists make hectic moves to secure permission afresh", "text": "MUMBAI: The organizers of Sunday's proposed anti-Vasant Dhoble rally on Carter Road say the police's denial of permission has resulted in a groundswell of support.\"Meanwhile, we are still trying to get permission for the peaceful protest. We have been asked to get a no-objection certificate from the local body after which we can file a fresh request with DCP Pratap Dighavkar. He will then decide on giving permission,\" said organizer Rahul Kanal.The number of citizens signing up on the social media has doubled, while celebrities such as Kabir Bedi, Sophie Choudhary, Sandeep Soparrkar, Neha Dhupia and Ramji Gulati stand in solidarity.Working on a multi-pronged marketing strategy, the core committee aims to distribute around 6 lakh leaflets over the weekend. \"We have also hired 200 commercial hoardings across Mumbai. In fact, we are paying Rs 28,000 to put up 30 hoardings in the Bandra-Santa Cruz area, while political parties are charged only Rs 8,000-9,000. Being private individuals, we are charged more as the civic body assumes we are advertisers,\" Kanal said.The youngsters are determined to go ahead with Sunday's peace walk. \"To the best of or knowledge, the law says once we have intimated the authorities about our plan to conduct a peaceful agitation with no violence or even sloganeering, we may go ahead and they cannot legally arrest us,\" said another organizer. \"We have informed the Bandra and Khar police stations as well as the DCP. We should be allowed to proceed.\"Meanwhile, choreographer Soparrkar is working on a piece for the rally. He says: \"It lasts five to seven minutes and shows how parties are merely a mode of relaxation and de-stressing. They are not always about drugs.\"Bedi posted his thoughts online. \"Mumbai Police tramples democratic rights (by) denying permission for rally against brutal crackdown on city's nightlife,\" he wrote.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14329823", "title": "Two die as Rath Yatra begins on tragic note", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Rath Yatra began on a tragic note following the death of two devotees, including a woman, in an alleged stampede on Puri's Grand Road just hours ahead of the start of pulling of the chariots on Thursday.The mishap took place when a teeming crowd was jostling for space to have glimpse of the idols of Jagannath, Balabhadra and Subhadra aboard the chariots. While the dead woman was identified as K Ravana Ama (30) from Visakhapatnam, identity of the other victim, an elderly male, could not be ascertained immediately. \"Doctors would find out the exact cause of their death. We are also trying to verify whether any stampede took place,\" Puri district collector Arvind Agarwal said.\"Both the victims were brought dead to the district headquarters hospital. We do not know whether the woman was present in the Rath Yatra crowd. But the elderly man was brought to the hospital by some volunteers engaged in the festival. He fainted in the crowd on Grand Road,\" chief district medical officer (Puri) Dr Gyanendra Kumar Sahoo told TOI.Though the weather was not hot and humid, scores of pilgrims were hospitalized after they fainted in the crowd at different locations. \"Many reported nausea and headache. They were discharged soon after treatment,\" the CDMO said.Meanwhile, a number of tourists were hospitalized after being rescued from the sea by lifeguards. Till reports last reached, no drowning incident was reported.The twin deaths once again brought to fore the poor crowd management by police during the nine-day grand festival. Though security was tightened for an incident-free Rath Yatra, all calculations went wrong. At some places, police wielded force to quell the mob.Crowd mismanagement had trigged stampedes during Rath Yatra in 2008, 2010 and 2011. While six pilgrims were trampled to death in 2008, one each had died in 2010 and 2011. Crowd control had gone for a toss on second day of 2011 Rath Yatra when a section of police and priests picked up a fight, leading to lathi-charge in front of the chariots at Gundicha temple. More than 30 people from both sides were injured in the scuffle.Earlier Odisha DGP Manomohan Praharaj said police took adequate steps to control the crowd.Asked whether the kin of the deceased would receive insurance benefit launched by the Jagannath temple administration, the shrine's public relations officer (PRO) Laxmidhar Pujapanda said, \"We would inquire into the claim when family members of deceased approach us. If the deaths were accidental, they will definitely receive the insurance cover.\"The temple administration had recently insured the Grand Road, lanes and by-lanes connecting to it for the benefit of pilgrims. The temple will pay Rs 1 lakh to the kin of the deceased in case of accidental deaths at those designated locations.The \"stampede\" deaths did not affect the proceedings of Rath Yatra, temple officials said. However, the pulling of the chariots started pretty late. Till evening, the chariots had not reached Gundicha temple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14328108", "title": "Govt to withdraw cases against netas", "text": "PANAJI: In a major development, the government has decided to withdraw cases pending trial against politicians including senior members of the ruling party.Speaking to TOI on Thursday, chief minister Manohar Parrikar confirmed this and said, \"I have asked that a note to withdraw all political cases pending in the state be moved.\"Inquiries revealed that more than what is termed as \"cases of political harassment\", these are cases in which BJP legislators and supporters are involved.Some of the cases being identified for withdrawal include the attack on the governor's convoy at Dona Paula hours after then governor SC Jamir had dismissed the Parrikar government in March 2005.Also a year ago, BJP-backed Bharatiya Bhasha Suraksha Manch (BBSM) had organized a rasta rokho at Porvorim to protest the Digambar Kamat government's decision to give grants to English medium primary schools, in which several BJP leaders, including MLAs, had participated. This case too may be withdrawn.Sources said the case booked against the then opposition leader and present chief minister, as well as Mapusa MLA Francis D'Souza, when traffic was diverted after a major landslide near the new secretariat five years ago, may be considered for withdrawal.The government will withdraw cases booked for 'dharna, rasta rokho and any other protest against the government' Parrikar said and added that there are around 15 such cases pending in various police stations.\"I am of the opinion that cases which have been booked to harass somebody and are purely political in nature should be withdrawn because the police have various other serious cases to be investigated,\" the chief minister said.He added that he doesn't want unnecessary harassment to anybody. \"If tomorrow Congress agitates against my government then my government will not register cases with the sole only intention of harassing them,\" Parrikar said.He said cases which are serious, such as those booked for breach of law, would not be withdrawn.Parrikar also said that if there are cases against BBSM and Forum for Rights of Children's Education (FORCE) in their agitation against the government, they would be withdrawn.Sources said that the chief minister has asked the home and law departments to make a list of cases that can be withdrawn.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14328601", "title": "Education official held with cartridges at Amausi airport", "text": "LUCKNOW: A deputy director in education department was taken into police custody from Lucknow airport after five live cartridges were found in his possession.According to reports, deputy director (education department) Ahibaran Singh was about to board a Delhi flight on Thursday, when CISF found five live cartridges of .32 bore in his possession. Singh was taken into custody and handed over to Sarojininagar police.Singh told the police that the cartridge came along by mistake. He later produced the licence and was allowed to go. Earlier this month, cartridges were found in possession of a Mumbai-bound businessman, who, too produced the licence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14330656", "title": "No respite from heat in sight", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It is not just the rising mercury that has made life miserable for city residents, evenings too are no more cool. The Chandigarh met department has blamed this on low pressure condition during evenings and night. The officials from the department stated that for now, these conditions will continue for the next two-three days as it is only after June 23 that there would be some respite from heat and the evening winds would start blowing again.Met director Surinder Paul said this is normal during this time of the year. Krishana Das, a resident of Sector 23 said, \"Evening is the only time when you can sit outside, but for the last three-four days evenings too have become suffocating with no breeze blowing. Last night, with no power it was difficult to manage outside as inside.\"\"These days in the evening you can't sit at one place for long as you start feeling hot and suffocating,\" said Kruti Verma, a resident of Sector 15.\"Sitting in the shade during day time is better than sitting outside in the evening these days with no wind blowing at night. It feels as if everything has stopped around you and the oxygen level has dipped from the air,\" said Esha Dhawan, a resident of Sector 11.Moreover, despite light clouds and winds blowing during the morning hours that brought down the city temperature by 0.7 degrees on Thursday, it remained hot during the day time. The maximum temperature recorded was 41.2 degrees whereas on Wednesday it was 41.9 degrees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14329089", "title": "Jawan\u2019s valuables worth Rs 2L stolen in train", "text": "NAGPUR: Valuables worth Rs 2 lakh were stolen from the family of a RPF jawan travelling on the Puri-Jodhpur Express while the jawan and his family were fast asleep. A native of Rajasthan, Fakircharan Panda lodged a complaint at Nagpur GRP after he learnt about the robbery at Nagpur central railway station.Panda is posted at Cuttack railway station. Panda, his wife and son were heading to Cuttack. On Wednesday night, Panda and his family were asleep when the thieves fled with the valuables from their bag.Bag lifter nabbed by copsNagpur: An 18-year-old youth, Swarup Lokhande, a resident of Surendragarh, who was wanted by many police stations for bag lifting offences was finally nabbed by city crime branch on Thursday.Lokhande has more than 11 offences of bag lifting registered against him at city police stations. Police said the arrest will lead to the detection of many unsolved cases of Ambazari, Sakkardara and Dhantoli police. It is learnt that Lokhande had also been nabbed just four months ago in a bag lifting case at Ambazari. Lokhande was nabbed while the crime branch was investigating a rise in bag-lifting cases at Ambazari police station.Three nabbed for burglaryNagpur: Three people were arrested in connection with the burglary at retired bank employee Suryabhan Chavare's residence at Gajanan Nagar under the jurisdiction of Dhantoli police station. Mohnish Meshram (20), Dilip Baisware (21) and Sunil Alfonso (48) were nabbed on Thursday by patrolling cops.According to the police, Chavre and his family had gone to Andhra Pradesh when the burglars broke open the door and fled with a laptop, valuables and cash worth Rs 2 lakh.Police said Alfonso, who was a WCL electrician, had been sent to jail for dishonour of a cheque. There, he met with Meshram and Baisware, and the trio then planned the burglary. Police said Alfonso would sell the stolen materials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14326921", "title": "2 school pupils get extension till March 2013", "text": "MUMBAI: There was some temporary relief in store for the parents of at least two students of Arya Vidya Mandir (AVM) School in Bandra (E) on Thursday after TOI reported how the institute had asked the guardians of 15 pupils to pull out the children for changing their residence in the past couple of years.Parents of at least two students have been given an extension till the end of the academic year to find a solution. TOI tried to contact some of the other parents to check if their children too had got a similar extension, but they refused to divulge any details.\"We were given a deadline of June-July to decide if we want to shift to our old house or withdraw our child's admission. On Thursday, some parents got calls from the school to inform them that the deadline has been extended till March 2013. Hopefully, the rest of us will be given a similar option. This way, we will get more time to look for seats in other schools,\" said a parent.The parents had complained that they were asked to withdraw their children's admission as they had shifted and their new address did not fall in the prescribed PIN code area. \"Schools cannot harass parents and students on such frivolous grounds. Parents should lodge a complaint for us to take action in the matter. Extension of the deadline will make no difference if the parents still have to seek admission elsewhere,\" said P R Pawar, education inspector.However, the principal of the Bandra school, Pramila Kudwa, refused to comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14326879", "title": "Annual summer camp concludes", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The closing ceremony of the annual summer camp organised under the aegis of North Central Railway Women Welfare Organization (NCRWWO) was held on Thursday. Divisional railway manager of the Allahabad division Harendra Rao lighted the inaugural lamp.Children participating in the workshop presented a cultural programme on the occasion. Various dances and songs were presented.North Central Railway Women Welfare Organization of the Allahabad division organized a workshop during the summer season in which children were given training in singing, dancing, painting, drawing and various other art fields.The training was given under the instructions of president of NCRWWO, Allahabad division Bimla Rao.During the programme, railway officers who were present in the meeting included additional divisional railway manager AK Mishra, PK Ojha, Rajiv Kishore, Anil Dwivedi, Jai Singh, Sudhir Kumar and others were present.The officer bearers of the NCRWWO who were present in the programme included president Bimla Rao, vice president Kshama Mishra, secretary Yogita Singh, Ruchi Ojha, Rakhi Dwivedi, Chanchala Prasad, Seema Kulshreshta, Anjali Kanchan and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "14327633", "title": "Officials spat over sand quarrying", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: The construction activity in both government and private sectors is still on hold even after the government relaxed the norms for sand quarrying two months ago. The government has decided to grant permits to farmers to quarry sand in their patta land in order to overcome the crisis as quarrying in government managed reaches has come to a grinding halt following the high court's directive.The government directed the district-level sand committee (DLSC) to scrutinise the applications from the individual farmers and forward them to the director, mines, for a final approval. The DLSCs headed by the joint collectors would seek inspection reports from three wings -- ground water, river conservator and local tehsildar -- before giving nod at the district level and forward the applications to the director, mines.Subsequently, the mines director would authorize Andhra Pradesh Mineral Development Corporation (APMDC) to oversee the quarrying in private patta land by the individual farmers. Although the joint collectors have cleared files, Krishna joint collector M Janaki is reported to have directed the mines officials not to forward files pertaining to quarrying in private patta land for her approval. She reportedly told them that the joint collector was chairperson of the DLSC meant for auctions and not to authorize quarrying in private land.It's noteworthy that Janaki's husband and joint collector of Guntur Yuvaraj has cleared files pertaining to the same issue. Stung by Janaki's decision, Krishna district mines officials are reported to have sought permission directly from the mines director to mitigate the trouble. However, the director, mines, reportedly turned down the request and directed the assistant director to seek the approval of the DLSC before sending files for government clearance.Hit by the delay, farmers met district in-charge and mines minister Galla Aruna Kumari for relief last fortnight. Following a suggestion from the minister, principal secretary (mines) Dasari Srinivasulu forwarded the representations of the farmers to the joint collector with a directive to clear their files by the DLSC. Even at this juncture, the joint collector is reported to have asked the mines officials to forward only the files endorsed by the principal secretary.Meanwhile, the mines department has issued a notification to conduct auction of Raviraala sand reach of Vatsavai mandal with several irregularities. Assistant director (mines) Koteswara Raju said that files pertaining to patta land quarrying were in process and yet to forward them to the DLSC. He said that auction for Raavirala reach would be conducted on June 25.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14328130", "title": "Four passport kendras for 6cr people", "text": "BANGALORE: For a population of over 6 crore, Karnataka has only four passport kendras. Two of them are in Bangalore and one each in Mangalore and Hubli. Compare this to neighbouring Kerala, which has eight passport kendras for a population of over 3 crore. Bangalore has two PSKs - on Lalbagh Road and in Marathahalli.\"We need a passport kendra for Mysore, it is really difficult for us to travel all the way to Bangalore for our passport formalities. This is my second visit to this kendra in Marathahalli and believe me, it's no joke to start our journey at 4am to reach here in time,\" said Chethna Giri, a student from Chamarajnagar, who dreams of going to the US to pursue higher education.Regional Passport Officer KJ Srinivasa, too, agreed that Karnataka needs at least two more passport kendras. He said: \"The only solution to reduce the hardships of applicants is by increasing the number of Passport Seva Kendras in Karnataka. We have sent a proposal to the ministry of external affairs, which has approved a kendra in Gulbarga. Hopefully, it will ease the problem of people in North Karnataka. We are waiting for approval to start a kendra in Mysore, so that people from Chamarajnagar, Ramanagaram, Bidadi, Kodagu do not have to come all the way to Bangalore.\"HEAVY RUSH IN CITY KENDRASPassport kendras in Bangalore have too much to handle. About 2,400 applicants visit two passport kendras in Lalbagh and Marathahalli every day. The Koramangala passport office, which houses the Regional Passport Officer (RPO), takes care of about 150 tatkal applications every day.\"If the number of passport kendras is increased, it will help increase the number of appointments. At present, we give 2,395 regular appointments and 150 tatkal appointments a day. Increasing the number of kendras will reduce the burden on the present kendras and streamline the procedure,\" he added.Said Usha P, a homemaker from Chandapura: \"I have come here (to Marathahalli kendra) to get a passport for my seven-month old son. First, it is such a problem to get an online appointment, and then you have to stand in a long queue to get a token. Above all this, there are no proper sitting arrangements, no toilets and drinking water available at this centre. It is such chaos.\"Said Srinivasa: \"The demand for passports has been rising constantly, unfortunately, the infrastructure is not enough to meet the demand. The online application system was introduced in Bangalore as a pilot project in May 2010 and is slowly becoming popular. There are some glitches which we need to fix.\"The RPO in Bangalore is the first to start giving classified tatkal appointments on the basis of urgency. Walk-in tatkal appointments are given to people who have lost their passports or damaged them. Minor applicants are also given priority. \"Such people can walk directly into my office and get an appointment,\" said Srinivasa.He also agreed that the passport verification procedure has to be changed. Giving an example about the laws being misused by touts, Srinivasa said: \"Recently, we came across a case where 28 fake verification certificates were issued in the name of one forest officer. We have lodged an FIR in this case and asked for a CID investigation. We are now in the process of issuing fresh guidelines to verification officers on how to issue verification certificates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14336471", "title": "Ilayathalapathy is celebrating his birthday today", "text": "His fans have organised a series of events to mark the day. Special poojas, distribution of aids to the underprivileged and blood donation camps are being organised by his fans club across the State.The actor distributed gold rings to children born today at Government Childrens Hospital at Egmore.Vijay is currently busy shooting forThuppaki for A R Murugadoss followed by a film with Gautham Menon next.We Haihoi.com wish Ilayathalapathy Vijay a very Happy Birthday !Source: haihoi.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14329024", "title": "Plan to ease traffic at Peeragarhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: PWD minister Raj Kumar Chauhan announced on Thursday that an underpass would be built on Peeragarhi Chowk to make the area signal-free. \"This will reduce traffic congestion between Delhi and Rohtak and make it faster for commuters to travel on,\" said Chauhan.The minister had gone to inspect the site where the Rs 2,200-crore project to make Outer Ring Road signal-free is slated to begin between the 17km stretch from Vikaspuri to Wazirabad. The project is supposed to include the construction of three elevated %roads, four flyovers and one underpass.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14327328", "title": "Mahima Chaudhary campaigns in Kanpur", "text": "KANPUR: With less than a week to go for the local body elections, the candidates, particularly those vying for mayor's seat, have started banking on Bollywood stars and prominent party leaders for their campaign.On Thursday, cine star Mahima Chaudhary campaigned in various areas of the city, including Express Road, Ghantaghar, Bhoosa Toli, Moolganj and Collectorganj in support of the Congress party mayoral candidate Pawan Gupta.Earlier, Gupta had roped in folk-singer and bhojpuri actor Manoj Tewari to boost his electoral fortune.If sources in the Congress party are to be believed, there are talks of more film actors who would join the campaign. Union Coal Minister, Shriprakash Jaiswal being a City MP, has been extensively canvassing for the party candidates.On Friday evening, he would address meetings in Rattupurwa in Transportnagar area, Juhi Safed colony and his appearance is all set to increase exponentially.In the coming days, erstwhile celluloid star Raj Babbar and former India cricket captain Mohammad Azharuddin, are expected to join the campaign in support of Congress candidates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14329541", "title": "Kerala Water Authority adds to medical college's water scarcity", "text": "KOCHI: Even while the Cooperative Medial College (CMC), Kochi is facing acute shortage of drinking water, the proposal to supply water to the college by the Kerala Water Authority (KWA) is yet to be implemented. Though the government has already allotted Rs 75 lakh for the project, KWA has failed to start the work even after almost a year.Ten years in to the inauguration of the medical college, the CMC is still depending on the four bore wells on the hospital premises. The CMC requires around one lakh litres of water a day to cater to the needs of 2000-odd patients and employees. In summer the water level in the bore wells decreases causing severe shortage of drinking water. Last month the state government agreed to bear the cost constructing a separate pipeline from the KWA pumping station at CUSAT. ''The administrative sanction for the project is approved. We expect the work to start within a couple of months,'' said Dr Mohan P Sam, medical director, CMC.The mechanical errors in the pumping system from the bore wells also contribute to the water woes in the CMC. On Tuesday, one of the water motors became defunct. Even though the CMC authorities replaced the damaged motor within 24 hours, patients had to face many hardships. There were such instances in past too and the authorities would resort to temporary arrangements including supplying water using tanker lorries. But such exercises would often fall short meeting the actual demand.The KWA officials in Kochi said that they have already sent the estimate of the project to their head office at Thiruvananthapuram. '' Moreover, we have revised the estimate after changes in the rates in time and sent it to the head office. We don't know when they will give the approval,'' an official with KWA said.Though the CMC had sent a similar proposal to the state government three or four year ago, it reached nowhere, later the government allotted Rs 45 lakh.Even while the Cooperative Medial College (CMC), Kochi is facing acute shortage of drinking water, the proposal to supply water to the college by the Kerala Water Authority (KWA) is yet to be implemented. Though the government has already allotted Rs 75 lakh for the project, KWA has failed to start the work even after almost a year.Ten years in to the inauguration of the medical college, the CMC is still depending on the four bore wells on the hospital premises. The CMC requires around one lakh litres of water a day to cater to the needs of 2000-odd patients and employees. In summer the water level in the bore wells decreases causing severe shortage of drinking water. Last month the state government agreed to bear the cost constructing a separate pipeline from the KWA pumping station at CUSAT. ''The administrative sanction for the project is approved. We expect the work to start within a couple of months,'' said Dr Mohan P Sam, medical director, CMC.The mechanical errors in the pumping system from the bore wells also contribute to the water woes in the CMC. On Tuesday, one of the water motors became defunct. Even though the CMC authorities replaced the damaged motor within 24 hours, patients had to face many hardships. There were such instances in past too and the authorities would resort to temporary arrangements including supplying water using tanker lorries. But such exercises would often fall short meeting the actual demand.The KWA officials in Kochi said that they have already sent the estimate of the project to their head office at Thiruvananthapuram. '' Moreover, we have revised the estimate after changes in the rates in time and sent it to the head office. We don't know when they will give the approval,'' an official with KWA said.Though the CMC had sent a similar proposal to the state government three or four year ago, it reached nowhere, later the government allotted Rs 45 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14330872", "title": "Ludhiana girl finds her calling in Bollywood", "text": "LUDHIANA: Debutant director Ashfaque Makrani's film \"Qasam Se Qasam Se\" has a special connection to this city as the damsel in a lead role in the movie, Faith Mehra, is a Ludhianvi. Faith, 24, has paired with another debutant actor Azim Rizvi in her first Bollywood film. She is the daughter of city-based Punjabi singers Hakam Bakhtariwala and Daljit Kaur.\"It's a matter of pride for us as Faith starts her acting career with a lead role in a Bollywood movie. We watched her movie and found it really good. I might be biased as a father, but I found her acting promising. I liked the movie too, as it does not have a stereotypical ending,\" says Hakam, a traditional Punjabi folk singer who has about 70 audio cassettes with songs sung by him and Daljit.Faith's close friend and a model herself Sonia Rana, 24, who resides in BRS Nagar, says Faith has always been a charming girl and a talented actor.Excited to see her friend on the big screen, Faith's friend Sonia Rana said, \"I am very happy for her as she will soon be a star now. She has done a great job in the movie and made us proud. Our entire friend circle is very excited.\"She says she had last met Faith in March and is eagerly waiting for her to visit the city after becoming a movie star. Another friend of the actress and Model House resident Mamta, 24, says, \"I was so excited after watching her on big screen as I felt I personally know a movie actor now. I am waiting for her to visit Ludhiana so that I can ask an autograph from her as a fan.\"In Mumbai at present, Faith says, \"Considering our movie has an entire new team, including the director and actors, it is doing good. My friends have been appreciating the movie and I have been getting calls from Ludhiana and other parts of Punjab.\" Faith says she is grateful to her parents for not stopping her from pursuing her interest in acting. \"They helped me all the way and let me come to Mumbai right after Class XII.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14327756", "title": "Many Mantralaya staff did not heed \u2018alarm\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The fire at Mantralaya could have been better controlled if employees had reacted promptly to the alarm that went off immediately, said an employee on Thursday.However, a senior Congress minister claimed the alarm did not work.He said the fire started on the fourth floor, near the office of tribal welfare minister Babanrao Pachpute at around 2.35pm. Based on preliminary reports, officials stated a short-circuit as the reason for the fire. \"Immediately after the incident, the alarm went off. The minister (Pachpute) tried to douse the fire, but no one made attempts to initiate evacuation or call the fire brigade. In fact, people were still being allowed into the building. Only after 10 minutes, security personnel and Mantralaya officials realized that the fire could not be controlled and the fire brigade was summoned,\" said an official.\"The fire brigade reached around 2.50pm with a normal fire-fighting vehicle; one with a snorkel came much later. The fire brigade took 10 minutes to fix the ladders,\" the official added.A senior Indian Administrative Service (IAS) officer said, \"There is no mechanism in place in the state administrative headquarters to deal with such mishaps. If this is the condition at the most important building, what rescue operation do you expect if a fire engulfs a high-rise in the city?\"A senior Democratic Front minister admitted to the media lapses in the disaster management system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "dimapur", "code": "14329837", "title": "Man commits suicide in jail", "text": "DIMAPUR: A middle-aged man, who was taken into police custody because his wife accused him of domestic violence, committed suicide in the women's cell in Dimapur on Wednesday.Additional SP &amp; PRO, Watichuchang said the man, identified as Shyam Alley (45), was first picked up by GRPS personnel from the tracks near Railway Bazaar on June 18 in an inebriated state.Since he was drunk, he was kept in the lock-up for the night. The next morning on June 19, Shyam's wife lodged an FIR against her husband alleging that he had been torturing her physically and mentally for the last three years. On receipt of the complaint, Shyam Alley was shifted to the suburban police station as the area fell under its jurisdiction. However, the suburban PS transferred the case to the women's cell at around 10.15 pm as it was a case of domestic violence.The duty officer of the women's cell conducted a preliminary examination and recorded the statement of the accused, who was kept in the lock-up of the women's cell as his wife was to come to record her statement there. When the complainant arrived at around 10.45 am, the duty officer sent the sentry to bring the accused from the lock-up for cross examination. However, the sentry discovered that the accused was hanging from the ventilator of the lock-up with a cloth tied around the neck.When the body down, the man was already dead.The matter was reported to superior officers, who reached the women cell to ascertain the details of the incident and observe necessary formalities. The executive magistrate was also informed of the incident and requisition was made to the forensic science laboratory to send a team of forensic experts.Additional SP said that an inquest of the dead body was conducted by the executive magistrate in the presence of independent witnesses and the process was videographed by the forensic team.The dead body was then forwarded to District Hospital for post mortem, which was conducted by a team of three doctors. The post mortem was also videographed. The report is still awaited, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14328981", "title": "Neeri gives defluoridation technology to three companies", "text": "NAGPUR: As a part of social commitment, National Environmental Engineering Research Institute (Neeri) has transferred its ten-year-old electro-defluoridation (EDF) technology to three local companies for commercial manufacturing and installation of units in areas having water with high fluoride content. The technology was transferred free of cost to the three company as per ministry of micro, small and medium enterprises norms but the institute would be getting Rs 1 lakh each from them for five years as post-licence fees.The agreements for transfer of technology were signed between the Council of Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR), Neeri's parent body, and the three technology takers in the past few days. Neeri director Satish Wate told TOI that the institute had demonstrated the technology as a pilot scale model in the Maharashtra State Mining Corporation's mines area in Dongargaon village, Chandrapur district, in 2002. Later, it had also been put at two places at village Usarvara in Durg district in Chhattisgarh and Sargapur village in Seoni district in Madhya Pradesh with support from ministry of water supply and sanitation in 2010-11.Dongargaon has fluoride content of 3.8 to 4.2 mg/lit as against the permissible limit of 1mg/lit. \"Neeri has put the plants at some other places too. Being a research institute we cannot continue like this. So after applying for a patent, the institute has transferred it to industry for public good,\" said Wate.On behalf of CSIR and Neeri, the head of the Business Development and Technology Transfer division P S Dutt signed the agreements. Dutt told TOI that the institute had also set up 16 plants in seven districts in Madhya Pradesh with support from UNICEF and department of drinking water supply, ministry of rural development, Government of India.The three enterprises are M/S Nagpur Chemicals run by Vinod Gan, M/S HES Water Engineers Pvt Ltd in MIDC Hingna and LTek System in Cotton Market. \"CSIR transfers the technologies in a three tier system. This technology transfer falls under the 'open innovations for difficult problems' category that includes technologies that are affordable by large number of people who can afford it with non-exclusive licensing. But the main factor here is that it should fall under the high value returns to society category. The EDF technology belongs to this category and is transferred free of cost to the entrepreneurs,\" said Dutt.The technology was first developed by Vijaya Joshi (retired) of water technology division of Neeri and later modified by senior principal scientist Subhash Andey. \"This particular technique can work both on electricity and solar photovoltaic system. The unit contains three electrodes or plates of aluminium. When a DC current is passed across the electrodes into the reactor containing the anode (positive) dissolves and hydrogen is released at the cathode (negative). This gas reacts with the fluorine present in water forming polyhydroxide which settles down as a precipitate. Then the fluoride free water at the top of the reactor is transferred for consumption,\" explained Andey.The process is done in batches in reactors that can vary from 1-2,000 litres. It takes about four hours to process 2000 litres of water and it can be done twice to defluoridate 4000 litres in eight hours. This is enough water for drinking and cooking for 700-800 people.Advantages of EDF technology* Simple to fabricate, easy to operate with minimum maintenance* Suitable for treatment of raw water with fluoride concentration up to 10mg/lit* Produces potable and palatable water against chemical treatment methods* Capable of reducing fluoride (to as low as 0.25 mg/l) and also bacterial count (total coliform and E-Coli) more than 90% from raw water containing fluoride and total coliform* Residual aluminium in the treated water remains within permissible limit of 0.2 mg/lit.* Sludge produced is 60-70% less than conventional methods* Low treatment cost at Rs 20 per 1000 lit* Capital cost including RCC structure, raw water pump, overhead tank and electrolytic system based on regular power supply is about Rs 4 lakh and based on solar power supply is about Rs 6 lakh", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14329520", "title": "Now, transport hub planned in Edapally", "text": "KOCHI: In a major move to develop Edappally as a transportation hub, the Kerala State Inland Navigation Corporation (KSINC) has come up with a proposal to make Edappally canal navigable.The navigation corporation has approached the School of Management Studies, Cochin University of Science and Technology (CUSAT), to prepare a feasibility study and explore the possibilities of introducing boat services. The proposal has been submitted before the state government. With the opening up of the canal for water transportation, it will be possible to connect the city with two major points on National Waterway 3 - at Champakkara and Udyogamandal canals.The proposal also envisages to integrate the water transport system with Kochi metro and the existing surface transport facility at Edapally. With the construction of the proposed flyover, high-speed vessels will be able to navigate through the canal. There are also plans to construct a walkway and a cycle path along the canal. The project will also help in the speedy movement of barges between Udyogamandal and Ambalamedu.Speaking to TOI, KSINC chairman and managing director Tom Jose said, \"Kochi has many waterways which can be used to provide better connectivity at lesser cost. We are keen to develop water transport facilities along with the Kochi Metro project.\"In the initial phase, KSINC plans to introduce passenger ferry services through Champakkara canal linking Vyttila Mobility Hub and Mattancherry, said Jose, who is also the managing director of Kochi Metro Rail Ltd (KMRL).The agency plans to lease high-speed ferry boats for the purpose. The boat jetties envisaged for the Vyttila hub is expected to become operational in the second phase. According to KSINC, these will be operated as point-to-point ferry services, and the distance to Mattancherry is expected to be covered in 30 minutes. \"Our focus is on bringing down travelling time. For a commuter it takes more than two-and-a-half hours to reach Mattercherry from Vyttila by bus. There is a possibility to extend the service to Fort Kochi,\" said a senior official. The navigation corporation has invited tenders for leasing such boats.Experts in inland navigation pointed out that high-speed boats could be operated in canals which are deep and wide.To make boat services economically viable, the state government should come up with a policy that would help boat operators charge higher ticket fares. While fixing fares, the government should take into account fuel expenses, maintenance cost and recurring expenses. Currently, the State Water Transport Department (SWTD) charges rates as low as Rs 2.50 to travel between two points in the city.\"There needs to be co-ordination with various government organisations like railways for protection and maintenance of city canals,\" the official said. The local bodies should also take the initiative to ensure the maintenance of water bodies in the city. The agency pointed out that the natural flow of the canals has been disrupted by human activities including dumping of waste and encroachments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14329533", "title": "BJP's jail bharo agitation today", "text": "PUNE: The BJP, under the leadership of its state president Sudhir Mungantiwar, will carry out a one-day jail bharo agitation here on Friday. Party's city unit president Vikas Mathkari on Thursday said BJP workers across the country will launch jail bharo agitation and will court arrest as a protest against the hike in prices of fuel and essential commodities.\"In Pune, Mungantiwar will launch the agitation from Balgandharva chowk on Friday morning. Thousands of city BJP workers, including party MLAs, will participate,\" said Mathkari. Friday will mark the culmination of 'Jan Sangarsh Abhiyan (public struggle campaign)', which began on June 7. During this period, The BJP had been organizing public meetings, protests and street marches to create awareness about price rise issues in different parts of the country. tnnAmong the top leaders who will participate in the jail bharo andolan across the country will be party president Nitin Gadkari (Nagpur), M Venkaiah Naidu (Mumbai), Sushma Swaraj (Bhopal), Narendra Singh Tomar (Madhya Pradesh), Gopinath Munde (Maharashtra), Arun Jaitley , Rajnath Singh and Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi (Delhi).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14333445", "title": "Sinha siblings team up for home production", "text": "The Hindi film industry is not new to the phenomenon of families helping its weaker members make a mark. While many celebrity fathers have tried to launch and re-launch their offsprings, brothers, sisters and even brothers in-law have tried to revive many a dwindling career through their 'home-productions'.The latest to join the bandwagon is the Sinhas - Shatrughan's daughter Sonakshi and her two brothers Luv and Kush. TOI has learnt that Sonakshi, who after a blockbuster beginning in Dabangg and an even bigger second film Rowdy Rathore is a star, has decided to star in a film to be produced and directed by her brother Kush. The film will also have a role for Luv, whose first film Saadiyan failed to impress at the box office.Kush had earlier assisted Sanjay Leela Bhansali in Saawariya and Abhinav Kashyap in Dabanng . \"The next logical step for him was to direct his own film. And with Sonakshi's current career graph, he couldn't have asked for a better opportunity. She will play the lead. Luv will also play a part in the film. They are however hunting for a male lead to star opposite Sonakshi,\" said a source. The ambitious family venture will however have to wait a while before going on floors. \"Sonakshi is currently busy with Son Of Sardar and Lootera . The home production will only go on floors once her current projects are complete,\" said the source.The film will be based in the heartland of India on the lines of Sonakshi's earlier hits. \"In all probability, it will go on floors next year. They are looking for a A-list actor for the lead now. They have even zeroed down on a couple of names. A formal announcement about the project will be made soon,\" said the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14330832", "title": "Bank frauds on rise, trigger fear", "text": "LUDHIANA: Three bank frauds involving crores of rupees reported within three months in the city is setting off alarm bells among residents, who claim that the industrial town is becoming an easy target for such crimes.On Wednesday, Punjab police and Kerala police detained three people in the city for a Rs 1.5 crore-fraud, recovering 200 ATM cards, 900g gold and land registry documents worth Rs 9 lakh. Police sources said the gang used to open accounts for acquaintances and take their cheque book and ATM card in exchange for a nominal amount. They would then deposit Rs 10,000 in the account and carry out multiple incomplete transactions to withdraw that amount. Each time, the accused would pick up Rs 9,900 from the machine and leave behind Rs 100.On June 18, division no 2 police booked Harbhajan Singh, owner of Royal Industries, for issuing a fraudulent cheque of Rs 5.95 crore to Kunal Tanuja of Ramsons Tyre. Police said Harbhajan had a network of people who were procuring fake cheques from a Mumbai-based finance company, Shri Ram Industries and issuing them to clients. They would write the cheque for an amount larger than what they owed the client, ask him to encash it and deposit the balance in their account. Four more people of the gang were arrested while four others are absconding. The matter came to light when Harbhajan, who owed Rs 2 crore to Kunal, issued a cheque worth Rs 5.95 crore and asked him to transfer the remaining Rs 3.95 crore in his bank account. Kunal grew suspicious and reported it to the police.On April 27, police busted a gang of six people including a bank employee from Ludhiana for withdrawing Rs 26 lakh from various banks across Punjab. The bank employee used to provide details of those holding accounts in their bank. The gang would then issue cheques with forged signatures and withdraw money.Residents say banks should have tighter security systems to stall the rise of such crimes. IT businessman Harpreet Singh, a resident of BRS Nagar, said he is also a victim of bank fraud and saw the apathy of authorities up close. \"A few months ago, my ATM account was hacked and transactions were done in Russia. I had lodged a complaint in a police station but nothing was done about it. Banks should improve their security system to curb illegal activities,\" he said.Barewal resident Amanpreet Singh, a businessman, said exemplary action should be taken against those accused in the cases. \"Banks also have the responsibility of keeping a tight check on transactions and reporting any suspicious pattern,\" he said. Charanjeet Singh, a resident of Shaheed Karnail Singh Nagar said the rising incidents of bank frauds have caused fear and he is hesitant to deposit his money in his account. A bank official, requesting anonymity, said account holders have the responsibility of maintaining confidentiality regarding their accounts. \"One should never disclose or share details of the account with strangers,\" he added.Commissioner of police, Ludhiana, Ishwar Singh said cases of bank frauds are a cause of concern as public money is being swindled. \"However, we are suspicious about the role of banks also in such cases and will investigate. Banks also need to be stricter,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "model town extension", "code": "14330770", "title": "Prabhdeep Kaur Batra follows her flying dreams", "text": "MODEL TOWN EXTENSION: Prabhdeep Kaur Batra, a resident of Model Town Extension, who has become the first Gursikh girl from Punjab to become a pilot with Indian Coast Guard and be awarded \"Wings of Gold\" sees her success as a fitting answer to all those who practice female feticide. On Sunday, she will be honoured by Sikh Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee for the achievement.Prabhdeep said she was one of the nine pilots at the 78th Helicopter Conversion Course (HCC) and only two women pilots including her and Rupal Kaur Lamba from Delhi were awarded the assistant commandant rank in ICG. The \"Wings of Gold\" were awarded with a certificate in the passing out parade on June 9 by chief guest vice-admiral Sunil Lamba.\"I have earned the 'Wings of Gold' and I cherish the achievement. The love and support of my parents has helped me achieve my dream,\" said Prabhdeep, who got her commercial pilot licence (CPL) in 2008 from Sydney, Australia. In 2010, she got her licence converted to Indian CPL and was commissioned in Indian Coast Guard in 2011. Prabhdeep then took helicopter training for five months at INS Rajali in Tamil Nadu and trained in sea flying for a week at INS Parundu in Ramanathapuram.Her father, Gurdip Singh, a businessman said there has been a flow of congratulatory calls for his daughter since word got around. \"She has not only made us proud but also all the women of the country. Members of the Sikh community are also organizing a special function on Sunday to honour her,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14329542", "title": "Bharathiar University teachers to hold demonstration today", "text": "COIMBATORE: The Bharathiar University Coordination Council of Association of University Teachers will hold a demonstration in front of the university on Friday raising a number of issues plaguing the institution of higher education, including the controversy surrounding appointment of the registrar. Terming the entire process of selection of registrar shabby, the association is seeking intervention of state governor for an enquiry into the entire process of the appointment.Interestingly, the demonstration is being held at a time when the senate of the university is meeting to review the process to find a new vice-chancellor for the university. Talking to TOI, association general secretary C Pichandy alleged that the registrar was appointed in an arbitrary manner with undue haste. He also alleged that all conventions and traditions of conducting the election to the Senate Search Panel nomination to select the next VC of Bharathiar University were bypassed for the sake of some vested interests.The demonstation, according to him, will also demand Tamil Nadu government to expedite the release of the DVAC report on the alleged omissions and commissions indulged during the last three years in appointments, transfer of funds, conduct of SLET examinations etc in the university. The protestors also appeal to the incumbent vice-chancellor not to take any major policy decisions and make any appointments in keeping with the best traditions and conventions of the university, as the process of the selection of the next vice-chancellor had already been initiated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14330546", "title": "Yarn prices decline after CCI probe", "text": "SURAT: The yarn prices in domestic market have come down by Rs 5 per kilogram in the last two days following investigation by the Competition Commission of India against the man-made fiber (MMF) manufacturers and spinners across the country.CCI is probing their alleged indulgence in anti-competitive activities by fixing prices and thereby controlling the supply of yarn - basic raw material for the powerloom weavers,The office of the Director General of the Competition Commission of India (CCI) started investigation after complaints regarding the alleged fixing of prices and controlling the supply of yarn after the Central government extended the anti-dumping duty on all types of yarns recently.Some days ago, the CCI issued a notice to the chairman of Federation of Indian Art Silk Weaving Industry (FIASWI), Arun Jariwala to furnish details on the MMF manufacturers based in Surat, Mumbai and other parts of the country indulging in malpractice, controlling the supply of yarn, fixing prices and thereby violating the provision of Competition Act, 2002.CCI has stated that the MMF manufacturers are controlling the supply of MMF products - different types of yarns including polyester, nylon and viscose - to various textile mills and consumers and that they do not permit the buyers to exercise their option of buying the same from any other supplier.The CCI has ordered FIASWI chairman to furnish details regarding the description of textile and clothing industry in India including position of raw material, particularly MMF products, any price rise or fixation in MMF products in the last four years.Talking to TOI, Jariwala said, \"It is believed that following the CCI investigation, the yarn prices have come down in the last two days. It seems the spinners are cautious following the development.\"Sources said prices of polyester yarn including viscose, nylon and others have risen by Rs 2,000 to Rs 4,000 per tonne after the anti-dumping duties were extended for another five years on all types of yarns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14326641", "title": "Education system merits a drastic overhaul, say experts", "text": "GURGAON: There is a need for bringing about a paradigm shift in the mode of the present-day education system starting from schools to universities, according to Prof Yash Pal former chairman, Univerity Grants Commission (UGC).Speaking at a daylong workshop organised by Central University, Mahendergarh, on Thursday, Yash Pal highlighted that the system of conducting examinations and allowing a race to produce super-specialized disciplines has ruined the talents of youngsters as they are busy with one-upmanship.Panel discussions were held between experts from NCERT, IGNOU, Jamia Hamdard, National University of Education Planning and Administration (NEUPA) and school principals and NGOs to discuss modes for implementation of the Right to Education Act 2009 better.Yash Pal emphasized the fact that even IITs need to change their methodology.\"IITs have made a great contribution but the examination system has destroyed the creativity and hence needs immediate modification,\" he explained.\"Children should be allowed to decide a syllabus of their own. We need to think of ways to convert even poverty into something useful under this Act which is in place at the right time,\" said Yash Pal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14329023", "title": "Bol Bachchan producers file reply in Nagpur court", "text": "NAGPUR: The producers of Ajay Devgan starrer 'Bol Bachchan' have filed a reply at the sessions court on Thursday refuting charges of breach of contract regarding its distribution. Heera Laxmi Amusements (HAL), a city-based company, had approached the court and claimed to have an agreement with the producers for exclusive distribution rights. They had alleged that the producers reneged on the agreement even after accepting a token of Rs 1.01 crores.However, lawyer for the producers Atul Chandurkar said, \"There was no contract, just an understanding. As for the token money, it was understood that it would be adjusted later.\" Further hearing on the matter has now been scheduled for Monday.HLA has claimed that an agreement had been reached between the two parties for a sum of over Rs 50 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14335812", "title": "Tight security at Pawan Kalyan\u2019s shooting spot", "text": "The police are having tough time handling the film buffs at Ameerpet. Yes, apparently surroundings of Sarathi studios have been jam-packed in the last few days with mega fans. In fact, Pawan Kalyan is shooting for his upcoming film Cameraman Ganga tho Rambabu\" at Sarathi Studios.All the fans are thronging the studio to get a glimpse of their favorite actor but controlling the crowd has become a major task for the police at the shooting spot. But such is the craze and popularity of power star Pawan Kalyan. So the police have decided to beef up the security after the traffic came to a standstill.Pawan is playing the role of a Journo in this movie while Tamanna plays his love interest. Mani Sharma is composing tunes for this movie, which is directed by Puri Jagannath and produced by DVV Danayya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14328341", "title": "Kanchi seer seeks gag on assault case witnesses", "text": "CHENNAI: Kanchi Sankaracharya Jayendra Saraswathi has approached the court seeking to restrain prosecution witnesses in the assault case against him from talking to the media about the case while trial is still pending.A petition to this effect was filed when S Radhakrishnan, the victim of the alleged attack, was to complete his deposition in the trial on Thursday. K Dakshinamoorthy, judge, first additional city civil court, ordered notice and directed special public prosecutor N Vijayaraj to file a counter by the next date of hearing on June 29.In his petition, the Kanchi seer has said that judicial proceedings ought to be published with great care and caution. \"When a person gives his version rightly or wrongly, the TV media is likely to pass it off as the truth without an opportunity for the accused or his counsel to challenge the same,\" the petition said. For instance, after giving evidence on June 16, Radhakrishnan gave a press briefing to TV channels about what he had said in court, the petition noted.\"This is nothing but giving parallel evidence to the media which is unheard of. The accused will not have any opportunity to rebut or cross-examine the witness in a media trial. Other witnesses have to be examined in the case. They will all be influenced by seeing this programme. This will also create adverse publicity for the accused and prejudice his case,\" the plea said.The case relates to an attack on Radhakrishnan, a former associate of the Kanchi mutt, his wife and a helper at their residence in Mandaveli by two men in September 2002.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14327493", "title": "Candidates fume as 14 PMT questions cancelled", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh Professional Education Board (MPPEB) might have patted its back for keeping the 'Munan Bhais' away from the pre-medical test (PMT)-2012. But, the cancellation of 14 questions out of 200 questions asked in the paper does not seem to have gone down well with the students who wrote the exam.\"About 7% questions were wrong. This is the matter of my career. How could so many wrong questions can be asked in an important exam like PMT. They should have prepared the paper properly,\" a student Rajini Verma said, adding how can we accept cancellation of so many questions .Another student, Rohini Shrivastava, said, \"I had attempted few of the cancelled questions. Cancelling of 14 questions makes a big difference when there is a fight on every single mark. I am planning to write tests for other state pre-medical exam.\"MPPEB cancels questions in case wrong question is asked, the answers provided are not correct, multiple answers, discrepancy in the questions asked in Hindi and English language and any printing mistake.When contacted, public relation officer of MPPEB, Sunil Shrivastava said the decision to cancel the question was taken by an expert committee.\"The committee took the decision after they received objection from students,\" Shrivastava said. He said the cancellation of question was done in the best interest of the students.On being asked about the fate of the students marking right answers, Shrivastava said, \"Rules are there to sort out such issues. MPPEB always go by the rules.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14327497", "title": "Plea for President rule: HC begins hearing", "text": "HYDERABAD: The high court on Thursday heard inconclusively the arguments pertaining to two petitions, one seeking President's rule in the state due to a 'collapse of the system' and another urging court to restrain PCC chief Botsa Satyanarayana from discharging his duties as minister because of his 'involvement' in the liquor syndicate scam. Senior counsel S Ramachandra Rao is arguing the case on behalf of E Giri Yadav of Hyderabad, the petitioner in both the cases. The bench comprising acting chief justice V Eswaraiah and justice Vilas V Afzalpurkar would resume the hearing on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "araria", "code": "14327074", "title": "Hearing starts in Forbesganj firing case", "text": "ARARIA: The one-man judicial inquiry commission headed by a retired Patna High Court judge Madhvendra Sharan, appointed by the state government to probe the police firing at Bhajanpur in Forbesganj on June 3, 2011, commenced its first hearing in a especially built court room at Araria on Thursday.The hearing began more than a year after the ghastly incident that claimed four lives including an infant and a pregnant woman. In all, four persons were killed when the police opened fire to disperse an irate crowd, who insisted upon maintaining a road passage from Forbesganj to Bhajanpur, through the campus of the upcoming factory on the land provided by Bihar State Industrial Area Development Authority (BIADA).The BIADA had leased out a big chunk of land to M/S Auro Sundram International Private Limited, for setting up a starch and glucose factory at an estimated cost of Rs 130 crore. The factory is owned among others by Saurav Agrawal, son of Katihar BJP MLC Ashok Agrawal.The killing of a young man Mustafa of village Bhajanpur, on whose body a police personnel had repeatedly romped in malignant glee, besides three others, had generated huge public outcry and triggered political rumblings. Three others killed included an eight-month old boy Naushad, a 27-year-old woman Shahjabeen Khatoon and a young boy Mukhtar.Patna HC senior lawyer Biswanath Prasad, appearing on behalf of the commission called Mustafa's father Phatkan Ansari to the witness box. Ansari, who was the first witness to depose before the commission in the overpacked court-room narrated brick by brick the entire sequence of events culminating in the death of his son in the police firing.Senior lawyer of Patna HC Akhileshwar Prasad Singh and Ashok Kumar Verma from Araria, representing the state government and Araria district administration, respectively, cross-examined the first witness and asked if he had seen with his own eyes, who had fired at the crowd and hit his son. They also quizzed the witness on other aspects in the incident.They were, however, advised to confine themselves to the three-point reference given to the commission. The commission chairman was also quick to put three questions to the witness and asked if he had been given any financial assistance from the government and whether his son was married or unmarried. He also asked if the villagers still had access to the road passage.The witness replied in negative to the two questions and confirmed that his son Mustafa was unmarried.Chairman of the National Minority Commission (NMC), Wajahat Habibullah, had visited the firing site on June 21, 2011, almost a fortnight after the incident. Chief minister Nitish Kumar had ordered a judicial inquiry in the midst of great hullabaloo made by his political opponents as well as social organisations. The All India Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi , too had visited the site and interacted with the villagers at Bhajanpur.The Commission chairman had also visited Araria twice and made an on-the-spot inquiry at Bhajanpur. The commission was first appointed for six months, later its term was extended for one year in December last.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14328830", "title": "Speedy clearance of bar permits raises brows", "text": "NAGPUR: Chief executive officer of Gondia Zilla Parishad Yeshwant Gedam, who held additional charge of the district collector early this year, is in the dock for speedily clearing nine foreign liquor permit rooms within 54 days during which he held the crucial post. The bar applications were languishing for months in official files as the police department had raised several objections to each of them including law and order in Naxal affected areas where the proposed bars are located.Now, divisional commissioner BV Gopal Reddy has initiated an inquiry into the matter. \"I have sought an explanation from Gedam. His reply is awaited. The inquiry process is on,\" he told ToI on Thursday. But when contacted, Gedam gave a rather 'spirited' response.Defending his action of clearing the pending applications of permit rooms, Gedam said he had the \"best interests of the government's revenue\" while taking the decision. \"I have done nothing wrong. Anyway people in the countryside drink illicit liquor brewed from Mahua flowers. Often they consume substandard, adulterated, toxic stuff risking their lives. What is wrong if they get access to permit rooms where quality is assured,\" he asked stressing that government gets good revenue from these sanctioned outlets.Gedam held the additional charge of collector in January and February this year when he took the controversial decision. Normally, a committee, headed by the collector comprising police superintendent (DSP), excise and other officials concerned takes a combined decision on liquor bar permits to hotels. But Gedam reportedly cleared the long-pending cases at a meeting where the DSP was not present. The aggrieved DSP complained to the divisional commissioner.\"My action was justified. I have apprised the state excise commissioner of the matter. If the government or any department concerned has objections, they can go ahead and cancel the permits,\" said Gedam. Gedam granted bar permits to Madhuban Restaurant owned by Chandrayya Yerola at Kamtha, S R Hotel at Tiroda owned by Sarita Rajesh Jaiswal, Sacchidnand Jaiswal's Babuji ki Kutiya in Gondia, Archana Tidke's Sahyog Hotel and Ashwinikumar Jaiswal's Sangeeta Bhojnalaya also in Gondia, Om Chandel restaurant at Arjuni Mor, Reshim restaurant and Renuka restaurant at Deori, Deeksha restaurant at Surtoli village in Deori taluka.The matter came to light when an RTI activist sought information from the state excise office on the reasons for which bar permits were withheld and the names of applicants who got approvals during the specified duration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14328849", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation to provide proximity certificates for RTE", "text": "NAGPUR: In a move to extend help to poor parents, who are eyeing admissions for their children in private schools under 25% quota Right To Education Act, mayor Anil Sole has directed the NMC's education department to provide them proximity certificates.On June 20, NMC education officer (primary) Ram Dongarwar had refused to provide a proximity certificate to one Manish Vaidya stating that the department had not received any such communication from deputy director (education) Mahesh Karajgaonkar's office or the state government.Standing committee chairman Dayashankar Tiwari told TOI that the civic administration has been directed to ensure that not a single parent was sent back without proximity certificates stating that their homes were within one kilometre radius of the school of their choice.Before providing the certificate, Tiwari has advised the parents to procure 'residential proof' from their respective corporators as it would help the education department to provide the proximity certificate at the earliest. Deputy municipal commissioner Rizwan Siddiqui, who is also in-charge of the education department, too directed the department officials to ensure that all applicants were provided proximity certificates in time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14329038", "title": "Sheila Dikshit orders babus to push Connaught Place renovation", "text": "NEW DELHI: After TOI published a series of reports highlighting the mess in Connaught Place due to the redevelopment project, chief minister Sheila Dikshit held a review meeting on Thursday.Dikshit said she was not confident that the project would be over by December. She has also directed chief secretary P K Tripathi, who also heads the monitoring committee on CP redevelopment, and New Delhi Municipal Council chairperson Archna Arora to monitor the project and follow up the matter with the Union petroleum and natural gas ministry.Dikshit said after the meeting that she had already expressed concern over the pace of work on the part of the contractor, Engineers India Limited, and conveyed the same to the bureaucratic top brass in the petroleum ministry. EIL is a public sector undertaking under the ministry.Last week, Tripathi and Arora inspected the construction site. EIL officials say they have informed Tripathi about the difficulties faced in carrying out the work. \"We told him about the unchartered utilities, encroachment by shop owners, unauthorized construction and other issues due to which we can't carry out construction at a fast pace,\" said an EIL official. Officials also informed him about the delay in getting the permission from different government agencies.While EIL has assured to complete the work by December, its officials claim only surface level work would be complete. NDMC officials say EIL has been asked to employ more people to meet the December deadline.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14330597", "title": "Tarun Gogoi to rejig ministry after return from US", "text": "GUWAHATI: Dispur is impatiently waiting for chief minister Tarun Gogoi's return from his official trip to the US on July 2 as once he comes back, he's going to make the first ministry reshuffle in three consecutive terms of the Congress government in the state.\"The chief minister has decided on the reshuffle and it will probably happen by August,\" a source close to Gogoi said, adding he is facing the problem of lack of enough potential candidates for ministerial berths. Gogoi, who is in the US at present to attend a seminar on disaster management, did not rule out a reshuffle when asked about it a few weeks ago.In Dispur, the old Congress horses who have been kept outside the ministry for the last 11 years are seeing a ray of hope once again. The ministry is limited to 19 members, including Gogoi, and features just three old timers - Prithivi Majhi, Ardhendu Dey and Gautam Roy.\"Senior Congress leaders who have been ministers in the past and are now legislators believe they might be inducted this time around,\" the source said. Among them are Sarat Borkotoky, Bhumidhar Barman, Anjan Dutta, GC Langthasa, Abdul Muhib Mazumdar and Dinesh Prasad Goala.\"Gogoi's ministry has comprised more young politicians than old-timers right since 2001 when he became the chief minister for the first time. And his young brigade has not let him down as the party has retained power three times in a row,\" the source said, pointing out that one of the problems the chief minister faces is choosing between senior party MLAs and young legislators.Two months ago, Gogoi had reduced his problem of selection of potential ministers by appointing 21 MLAs of the Congress and ally Bodoland People's Front as parliamentary secretaries. \"His field of choices might have narrowed, but the problem of selection of new faces and replacing existing ministers within a limited number of berths is still there,\" the source said.The source added that Gogoi started thinking of the reshuffle after a conspiracy came to the fore a couple of months ago in which his name was circulated for the vice-president of the country along with rumours of a hunt being on for his replacement in the chief minister's chair.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14328753", "title": "UP auto found plying with fake licence plate", "text": "NEW DELHI: An auto registered in Uttar Pradesh was found plying in the heart of Delhi, using a forged Delhi licence plate number. The auto driver had painted \"DL\" over the \"UP\" part of the licence plate, and had been ferrying passengers in Delhi for the past three months.The traffic police posted in the Kamla Market traffic circle helped nab the imposter.The auto driver, identified as Anup Kumar Nanda, has reportedly claimed that he had come to Delhi as there was 'more revenue' in transporting passengers in the capital.A criminal case of forgery and cheating has been registered against him in the Kamla Market police station and his vehicle has been impounded. Cops suspect there are more such auto drivers plying in the city.\"At around 8.25pm on Wednesday, the auto driver was flagged to stop near the Kamla Market roundabout after he committed a traffic offence but he tried to flee. He was overpowered and the zonal officer asked for his documents,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.The auto had the license number plate as 'DL 16 K 9869' though there is no number plate series under '16 K' in Delhi.\"At first he said that all the documents had been deposited for challan but later took out four photocopies of challans and fine receipts of his auto bearing UP registration. When he was interrogated, he confessed that he had changed the number plate so that he could ply in Delhi,\" added Garg.The accused, who is a resident of Vikas Nagar in Delhi, has been arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14330710", "title": "\u2018Money can\u2019t buy joy if you are spending to show off\u2019", "text": "LONDON: Money cannot buy you happiness if you are spending it only to impress others, says a new study.Researchers from San Francisco State University found that spending money on once in a lifetime experiences from luxury holidays to concert tickets won't make one happy if the motive is to impress others.\"Why you buy is just as important as what you buy,\" said Ryan Howell, an assistant professor who led the study.\"When people buy life experiences to impress others, it wipes out the well-being they receive from the purchase. That extrinsic motivation appears to undermine how the experiential purchase meets their key psychological needs,\" Howell was quoted as saying by the Daily Mail.Howell's previous findings showed that buying a life experience made people happier than when they bought material things, because it made them feel more competent and connected to others.However, in the latest research Howell found that motivation for making a purchase predicts whether needs will be met.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14335636", "title": "Election commission to run daughter-in-law drive", "text": "SURAT: To enlist more maximum number of newly-weds in voters list, the Election Commission branch in the city will run a daughter-in -law campaign on Sunday.The process of completing voters list for scheduled state assembly elections in December is in full swing in the city since last few months.\"To make our campaign more effective we have decided to include 102 deputy mamlatdars in the work,\" \"said GB Mangalpura, deputy election commissioner in the city.\"On Sunday we will focus on newly wed daughter in laws.\" He added. The campaign was to conclude on June 17, 2012 but looking at the rush of people it is extended by the election branch.On Sunday on polling booths there will be a deputy mamlatdar along with designated officer where there are more number of residences located.\"We are training these deputy mamlatdars today so that they can play the role of real guide to these new voters,\" said Mangalpura. These officers will help the new voters from filling up the form to solving any problem which might result in not getting their names registered in voting list. \"These officers will play the role of trouble shooters and if any of the designated officer refuses to accept any form they will intervene and would make officer accept the forms,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "14328292", "title": "Bike thief ? Karnataka man held in Mollem", "text": "PONDA: Collem police on early Thursday morning arrested Yunus Imamsab Taked, 37, a resident of Hubli-Karnataka, after he was caught at the Mollem checkpost trying to cross the state's borders on a motorcycle allegedly stolen from Porvorim market on Wednesday.Following information from Porvorim police about the missing motorcycle, Collem police intensified the checking of vehicles crossing the state border at Mollem. On Thursday morning, a Collem police team, spotted the motorcyclist crossing the border.The police seized the motorcyclist and also equipment used for breaking locks of bikes. Collem police later handed over the accused to Porvorim police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14328131", "title": "Drizzles in Chennai, but not much rain", "text": "CHENNAI: For the fourth consecutive day on Thursday, the skies remained cloudy and evenings cool but it did not rain much. While the Nungambakkam rain gauge recorded 0.1mm of rain as of 8.30pm, at Meenambakkam 1.0mm was recorded.\"I was delighted to see rain drops on my car's windshield. But even though the skies were grey, it did not rain that much,\" said Ramkumar who was traveling from Choolaimedu to Saidapet at 5.30pm. \"It drizzled steadily for around 10 minutes,\" he said. Officials at the Met department say it was the effect of the southwest monsoon that had set in Kerala recently. Officials also predicted cloudy skies on Friday as well.With June nearing its end, rains caused by southwest monsoon is expected to pick up in the next three months. In total Chennai receives around 40cm of rain during the southwest monsoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14330701", "title": "Sahara was once green, hosted early dairy farms", "text": "WASHINGTON: The sandy dunes may have made the Sahara a desolate desert now, but about 7,000 years ago, it was full of greenery that hosted early African dairy farms, according to a new research.A team from University of Bristol, who analysed fossilized bones and colourful rock art discovered there, found that by the sixth millennium BC (or about 7,000 years ago), cattle, sheep and goats roamed over green savanna.By analysing pottery fragments , Dunne and her colleagues have now shown that these early herders were not only milking their livestock, but also processing that milk into products like yogurt, cheese and butter.\"The most exciting thing about this is that milk is one of the only foodstuffs that gives us carbohydrates, protein and fat,\" all in one substance, Dunne told LiveScience.\"So it was incredibly beneficial for prehistoric people to use milk.\"Dunne and her colleagues analysed tiny fragments of pottery taken from the Takarkori rock shelter, a prehistoric dwelling in the Libyan Sahara . They ground up small pieces of the pottery, conducting chemical analyses to investigate the proteins and fats embedded in the shards.By doing so, the researchers could see what the pots once held. They found evidence of a varied diet, with signs found for plant oils and animal fat.The most common fats were from animals, Dunne said, with some deriving from flesh and others from milk. The most dairy-fat rich pottery shards came from the same time periods when more cattle bones are found in the cave layers, the researchers reported in the journal Nature.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14327736", "title": "Water pumping at Nalgonda cistern commences", "text": "HYDERABAD: Bringing relief to residents of the Old City, repairs to the major leakage at the cistern located in Puttangadi in Nalgonda district were completed on Thursday and normal pumping of water to the city commenced soon after. In an official communique, the Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) on Thursday stated that supply from Krishna Drinking Water Supply Phase-I &amp; II to the twin cities was back to normal. For the past couple of days, several areas of the city faced water shortage after pumping was stopped due to a leakage in the cistern. When contacted, executive engineer, Devender Reddy said two pumping stations out of the four had started functioning. \"We are pumping 500 cusecs of raw water from each pumping stations from the Krishna river. Though the repair works will be over by July, the supply will not be affected.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14327690", "title": "40-year-old driver hangs himself", "text": "INDORE: Frustrated over failure in achieving his dream, a 40-year-old driver reportedly hanged himself to death at his house in Sudama Nagar here late on Wednesday night. Police have also found suicide note from the spot in which he mentioned that he was taking extreme step as he failed to achieve the goal in his life.The deceased has been identified as Surendra Singh, son of Badrilal Rathore. He was basically a resident of Dhar district and was residing in Sudama Nagar.On Wednesday night, Surendra went to his room normally after his dinner with family. In the morning when he did not come outside on time, one of the family members knocked at his door repeatedly. On not receiving any response from inside, they broke open the door and entered in the room only to find him hanging from the ceiling. Family members immediately informed police about the incident.Quoting neighbours, the police said that Suendra was disturbed over some issue for the past few days. In his suicide note, Surendra has also mentioned that he was upset for not being able to fulfil his desire so he is ending his life.In the suicide note, he has also mentioned that he himself was responsible for his death and do not disturb his family members. Police sent the body for the post-mortem and investigating case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14329206", "title": "Insurance ombudsman slams bank for wrong selling of ULIPs", "text": "NAGPUR: The insurance ombudsman for Maharashtra and Goa has strongly come down on agencies selling policies including banks, for misleading customers to buy unit linked insurance plans (ULIPs). The observations come through an order issued a week ago, in a city-based case, where an investor approached the ombudsman alleging that the money he had entrusted to HSBC Bank for investment in equities were parked in ULIPs without his knowledge.Even as his petition for refund of money was turned down, the ombudsman observed that many such complaints of \"wrong\" selling of ULIPs have been received and it is time that the companies adopt a self-regulatory approach.He said, \"I am pained that these kind of wrong sales are even happening through platforms like HSBC Bank, which is a globally renowned organization, and that they have a wealth manager who is supposed to be an expert in advising customers to manage their personal finance effectively.\"It has been further said that if insurance was the ideal solution, the wealth manager should have played his cards straight. However, the ombudsman also clarifies that since the client was an educated person, it was difficult to understand what exactly could have went wrong.The plaintiff, Shirish Vakeel, a software engineer from the city, had hired the services of a wealth manager from this bank so that he could regularize his investments in shares and get a decent return. For this a demat account was also opened by the bank. However, when he reviewed the funds after a year it was found that Rs 150,000, and Rs 50,000 paid in Vakeel and his wife's name were parked in a ULIP, and not an equity based investment. He claims this happened without his consent.He demanded a refund but the bank declined and the case went before the ombudsman. Vakeel also underwent a medical check-up before this which is mandatory in insurance policy.The ombudsman finally turned down the petition for refund, saying that since Vakeel was an educated person and was aware of nature of insurance products.However, the order also makes an oblique reference of the likelihood of Vakeel being misinformed. The ombudsman said, \"I do come to a conclusion that there is a substance in what Vakeel says. The way in which demat accounts have opened and various communications sent to him amply prove that he was indeed under the impression that he is being helped by the bank's official to regularize his investments. Obliviously the receipt of insurance policy is a disconnect in the whole process and hence there is a justification in his grievance.\"Those in the business of financial advice admit of such a practice. Ranjit Dani of Think Consultants says that the clients should read the documents carefully before investing their money.Vakeel now plans to move higher authority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "14330768", "title": "Charason land acquisition: Farmers demand suspension of Patiala district officials", "text": "PATIALA: The fact-finding team of 17 farmer organizations, formed to probe police-farmer clash at Charason village two days back, has held an ASP and a block development and panchayat officer (BDPO) responsible for attack on farmers and demanded the registration of case against both.The team, which includes BKU (Dakaunda) president Buta Singh Burjgill, Punjab Kisan Union member Ruldu Singh Mansa and Jamhoori Kisan Sabha vice-president Modan Singh Dulowal, visited both Charason and Balbera villages and interacted with injured farmers. Investigations revealed that police had resorted to lathicharge, teargas, water cannons and firing on unarmed farmers on June 19 without any provocation. Two dozen people, five of them grievously, were injured in the incident.\"ASP Sadar Police Station Patiala Dhruman H Nimble and block development and panchayat officer Jaswant Kaur misused their powers. We demand the suspension of both for misusing their powers and cases should be registered against them for inflicting grievous injuries to farmers. We would start protest after discussing the matter with all organizations,\" said Darshan Pal, district president of BKU (Dakaunda).Patiala administration had tried to take possession of hundreds of acres of common land, being cultivated by farmers for more than four decades, in Balbera and Charson villages on Tuesday. However, it took a violent turn when farmers resisted the move. Many alleged they were attacked by police despite not being associated with the farmers' protest.\"I did not take part in the agitation and was working in my own land when police attacked me. Five-six cops surrounded me and thrashed me with sticks till I fell unconscious,\" alleged Gurjant Singh from Charaso village, who has suffered injuries in legs.ASP Nimble did not attend to calls on his mobile phone. Patiala SP (D) Pritpal Singh Thind said the administration has called a meeting with all farmer organizations on June 25 to solve the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14329706", "title": "BJD leader drags finance minister's name into Jajpur attack case", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government on Thursday ordered an administrative probe into the attack on senior BJD leader and former president of Odisha Sahitya Academy Hussein Rabi Gandhi in Jajpur district.Chief minister Naveen Patnaik has asked the revenue divisional commissioner (Central range), Arabinda Padhee, to inquire into the attack on Hussein that took place at Vyasanagar Chhack on Wednesday, official sources said. Hussein is currently the editor of 'Utkal Prasang', a monthly magazine published by the state government. Police are yet to arrest any one in this case.Hussein, who hails from Korei in Jajpur district, suffered injuries on his head, face (including a swollen left eye) and chest and his car was also badly damaged. Initially he had blamed partymate and Korei MLA Pritiranjan Ghadai alias Danny of having orchestrated the attack on him. On Thursday, he held both Pritiranjan and his father and finance minister Prafulla Ghadai responsible for the \"murderous\" assault. \"I have information that the father-son duo of minister and MLA had conspired to kill me, much like Shyamapada Rout was murdered,\" he alleged, adding, \"I have now become their target. They want to remove the thorn on their path.\"Rout, a trade unionist hailing from Sukinda area in Jajpur, was murdered in the early 1990s and Prafulla Ghadai was accused in the case. But the court acquitted him.The Ghadais denied the allegations. \"He (Hussein) is making exaggerated and politically motivated allegations,\" Prafulla Ghadai said, adding, \"My name was unnecessarily dragged into the Shyamapada Rout case and the court has given its verdict in the matter.\" Pritiranjan described the allegations as \"baseless\" and said, \"We respect him (Hussein) as he is a senior politician. I have no idea why he is making such allegations.\"Incidentally, both Hussein and Pritiranjan had been to the state secretariat on Wednesday evening to put forth their versions before chief minister and BJD president Naveen Patnaik. But Naveen did not meet them, sources said.Hussein, in his FIR filed at the Jajpur Road police station, said he was dragged out of his car and beaten up by some motorcycle-borne youths, suspected to be supporters of Pritiranjan. The assailants fled when some of Hussein's acolytes, who had congregated at a temple nearby, rushed to the spot after hearing his cries for help.In the Assembly elections in 2009, Hussein was an aspirant for the BJD for Korei assembly seat. But Pritiranjan got the ticket and won the polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14328434", "title": "State Human Rights panel sends notice to Jal Sansthan", "text": "LUCKNOW: Taking sou moto cognizance of the news item \"Water Crisis Unifies All City Areas'' published in The Times of India, on Thursday, the UP State Human Rights Commission ( UPSHRC) has issued notices to principal secretary, urban development, Lucknow Municipal Commissioner and secretary Jal Sansthan asking them to apprise the Commission by July 6 as to what measures they have taken to ensure that sufficient drinking water free form contamination, stink and pollution was being supplied to people of Lucknow.Jal Sansthan secretary has also been directed to personally appear before the commission with the compliance report on the next date of hearing. Justice Vishnu Sahai, member, UPHRC, in his order said that the news item shows that not only there is a acute water shortage in various localities of Lucknow like Chowk, Vikas Nagar, Alambagh, Indra Nagar, Gomti Nagar, Aminabad, Aliganj, Aishbagh and Mahanagar but also the water supplied in Aminabad and Mahanagar is contaminated.\"I have no hesitation in observing that if the aforesaid facts are true, the fundamental right to life guaranteed by Article 21 of the Constitution in which is implicit their right to sufficient and clean water is being blatantly violated by Jal Sansthan which not only charge water tax from people but is also under a statutory obligation to supply adequate water which is drinkable,\" said Justice Sahai in the order.Justice Sahai, further stated \"Since the commission is under a statutary obligation to protect the fundamental right to life guaranteed by Article 21 of the Constitution, it cannot be remain a mute spectator to the situation. Hence I am of the view that this is a fit case in which the Commission should exercise its suo moto jurisdiction.The TOI in its report had highlighed how state capital's water situation continues to remain bleak in most of the areas. Areas like Chowk, Indiranagar, Aminabad, Gomti Nagar are some of the worst affected localities. People also complained that water being supplied is contaminated and cannot be used for drinking purposes without purifying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14328062", "title": "Bengal line tilts scales for Pranab Mukherjee in CPM politburo", "text": "KOLKATA: The Bengal CPM scored a rare 'victory' in the politburo by getting the party to back UPA candidate Pranab Mukherjee for the presidential election on July 19.The Bengal communists' pro-Mukherjee line was endorsed by Sitaram Yechury, Tripura chief minister Manik Sarkar , and Kerala's MA Baby. Eventually, CPM general secretary Prakash Karat \u2014 who had discarded the Bengal line on earlier occasions, like on disciplinary action against former Lok Sabha Speaker and CPM MP Somnath Chatterjee when he defied the party line to vote against UPA 1 in the floor test on the Indo-US nuclear deal \u2014 threw his weight behind the proposal to back Mukherjee. The politburo, however, clarified this would have no bearing on the party's opposition to the Centre's neo-liberal policies.The party's endorsement of Mukherjee's candidature had its own significance for the Bengal leaders, who have seldom been able to push through their views in politburo debates since 1996 \u2014 the year of the 'historic blunder' when the CPM decided not to join the central government and prevented Jyoti Basu from becoming Prime Minister.Party sources said the politburo had chosen to marry its ideological priorities with the sentiments of the people of Bengal and also use the rift between the Congress and the Trinamool Congress to its advantage.The party also seemed to have taken a lesson from its opposition to the nuclear deal, though most CPM leaders believe it was a \"correct stand\" that wasn't taken well by the people.The CPI and the RSP, however, harped on the Left's opposition to the UPA's policies of which Mukherjee is an integral part. \"It is amply clear that Pranab and the Congress have landed the country in its present economic crisis,\" RSP central secretariat member Kshiti Goswami said. \"Mukherjee presented a golden picture all through. Our party will be staging a dharna in front of Parliament against the 'food (in)security bill', the rise in petroleum prices, devaluation of the rupee and other issues from June 30. It is difficult for us to give support to Mukherjee in such a situation,\" he added. The nine-member CPI national secretariat also decided to abstain from the presidential vote as announced earlier by party veterans AB Bardhan and Gurudas Dasgupta.The CPM politburo, on the other hand, chose to distinguish between the role of the President and that of the government, arguing Rashtrapati Bhavan has no role in policy-making. This is perhaps the first time since the Nineties when the fissures in the Left camp have shown up so prominently. The CPM and its Left allies have rallied behind Congress presidential candidates at least on three occasions. They supported VV Giri, the candidate fielded by a section of Congressmen led by Indira Gandhi, in 1969. In 1992, the Left threw its weight behind Congress candidate Shankar Dayal Sharma. The communists also endorsed the candidature of Congress nominee KR Narayanan as the vice-president candidate and later as presidential candidate in 1997.A section of the CPI as well as the CPM feels support to Mukherjee should not be equated with the earlier positions. \"The Left supported Giri because the Congress led by Indira Gandhi had taken some positive steps such as bank nationalization. The other instances were at a time when the BJP had emerged as the major opposition. We decided to keep the BJP at bay. But the situation now is quite different. In fact, Mukherjee represents the UPA government's anti-people policies that we are opposed to,\" a senior CPI leader said.Left and Centre1969 \u2014 Left parties support Indira Gandhi's presidential nominee VV Giri against Syndicate Congress candidate Neelam Sanjeeva Reddy1992 \u2014 Left parties stand behind Congress presidential nominee Shankar Dayal Sharma1997 \u2014 Left support Congress presidential nominee KR Narayanan", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14327622", "title": "College principal beaten up over admission row", "text": "MUMBAI: The principal of a Mahad college was assaulted by a group of 30-35 people on Wednesday for allegedly refusing admission to students to his institute. Nine persons involved have been arrested.The accused, who call themselves members of Justice for Jawaan, reportedly barged into People's Education Society's Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar College and entered principal Dhanaji Gurav's cabin. After reportedly beating him up there for a while, the activists dragged him out and again assaulted him on his chest and arm, accusing him of \"refusing admissions to students and using corrupt means to make money\". Gurav (48) lodged a complaint with the Mahad police in the evening. \"I could recognize nine faces and they have been arrested. Some of them were my students. They either dropped out or failed to clear their exams,\" he said.This is the first case of assault on a principal this admission season. Last week, a principal of a Juhu homoeopathic college was beaten up in a similar fashion by an MNS-affiliated employees' union.\"Initially, around 10-15 people walked into my office, claiming I was denying admissions to Muslim students, taking donations and selling seats. They even said I charged money for issuing leaving certificates and passing students,\" said Gurav. He reportedly tried to explain to the accused that not all could be offered admission as seats in degree colleges were full and they were awaiting the government's permission to increase the strength by 10-20%. Even as Gurav tried to explain, 10 others reportedly barged into his office and even they, allegedly beat him up. \"I was dragged outside my cabin and assaulted outside as well. It was traumatizing. I was hit in the chest and left arm, which was bleeding,\" said the principal.An officer from Mahad police station, S B Salunkhe said, \"The FIR mentioned only nine and we arrested them for rioting. They were released on bail on Thursday.\" The arrested, who did not belong to any organization, accused Gurav of making money during admissions, he said.Principal of KPB Hinduja College T A Shiware, also the president of the Association of Non-Government Colleges, visited the spot on Thursday and denounced the incident. \"This will not be tolerated. Principals live in fear during admissions with pressure/threats from all quarters. Our association will make a presentation to the CM, seeking protection during the time. Many principals have suffered in the past,\" Shiware said.Times ViewIt's strange that nothing has been done to enhance security on campuses during admission season. Lack of security on the campus during this time of the year is a well-known fact. Equally well known is another fact: most of the threats and coercion come from politicians. May be that explains the reluctance of the government and the police machinery to take strong measures against these miscreants. Bars and bar dancers, after all, are much softer targets than politicians and their goons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14328245", "title": "Soon, 'xit', 'koddi' and no 'nistem'?", "text": "PANAJI: As fish forms part of a Goan's staple diet, the dwindling quantity of piscine creatures being netted over the past several years has become a cause for concern.In 2005, the marine fish production of Goa was 1,03,087 tonnes. In 2007, it fell to 91,185 tonnes and in 2011, the production was recorded as 86,185 tonnes.On closer observation, the blame for this can largely be attributed to the fishermen themselves. Over fishing, bull-trawling, breaking of the monsoon fishing ban and other fishing malpractices all contribute to depletion of fish resulting in lower yields.It is well-documented that fish need to be allowed to breed during monsoons to ensure steady supply through the rest of the year.Traditional fishermen who operate their canoes with 9.9 bhp motors are however exempt from the monsoon fishing ban with this exception being made as their livelihoods depend on fishing.Trawler owners claim this hampers fish breeding. Traditional fishermen state that they are willing to follow a 90 days total fishing ban, instead of the present 45 days ban, if the trawler owners also follow the same and thereafter operate their trawlers beyond five km from the shore as is stipulated in the rules.Agnelo Rodrigues, president, Goenchea Ramponkarancho Ekvott (GRE) told TOI, \"We want a 90 days complete ban wherein we won't go fishing and the trawlers should also stop fishing. But after 90 days, the trawlers should operate beyond five km from the coast.\"\"Trawlers are operating even at distances of just 100 m from the shore,\" he added, implying that trawlers were poaching on traditional fishermen's fish pool. Simon Pereira, president, Goan Fishing Boat Owners Association, said, \"There are some rotten apples among the trawler operators who operate within 100 m. But there are also those among the traditional fishermen who commit illegalities.\"Vasco jetty-based Pereira said, \"The traditional fishermen should first follow the 45 days ban before calling for any longer ban period.\"The state fisheries department puts the number of motorized canoes in the state at around 1,200 and 800-odd non-motorized. Pereira disputes this alleging that there are over 3,000 canoes operating.\"Many of the canoes are operated by hoteliers and others who do not come under the traditional category but are using the 'traditional' loophole to operate in the monsoons,\" said Pereira.But GRE counters this allegation by claiming that many of the canoes belong to trawler owners who operate these due to the monsoon ban on trawlers.Henry D'Mello of the GRE states the trawlers are overfishing using certain nets which are illegal. Trawler owners claim traditional fishermen employ certain illegal fishing techniques too.Fisheries department officials say if the ban is extended to 90 days, fishermen from the neighboring areas like Karwar and Malvan where the ban is for lesser duration will take advantage and fish in Goan waters.Fisheries director N Verlekar said, \"The five km line is not followed and it is difficult to enforce it as it is not demarcated in the sea. There isn't adequate manpower for enforcement.\"He added that in rough weather, it was unfair to expect enforcement staff to patrol turbulent seas in their small boats.\"Irrespective of illegalities in the mechanized and traditional sector, we need to talk about preserving fish as Goa has a small coastline,\" Pereira said.Rodrigues largely concurs but wants the trawlers to drop the preservation anchor first.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14326886", "title": "Inter-district robbers gang busted, 3 arrested by police", "text": "ALLAHABAD: District police, on Thursday, claimed to have busted an inter-district gang of robbers. They were involved in hijacking cement or iron rods laden trucks after making drivers and cleaners' captive. Police have arrested three of its members when they were plotting to escape.The police have also seized one 292 cement sacks laden truck and a car from their possession.The arrested persons were identified as, Dinesh alias Babloo Pasi of Ghoorpur, Bhullan alias Mama and Salamat Ali alias Dada Bhai, residents of Ghoorpur and Kaudhiyara respectively.District police chief, Naveen Arora told reporters that a gang of robbers had looted a 299 cement sacks laden truck on June 11 after making its driver and cleaner captive.He added that gang members, posing themselves as labourers, had hijacked the cement sacks laden truck when the truck had left the cement plant near Sadwa.The accused, posing as labourers, had made truck driver Rajesh Singh and cleaner Chandra Pal captive.The robbers had taken the truck driver and cleaner by their own car to Suhagi hill region in Madhya Pradesh and released them.Later, the robbers had taken the cement sacks laden truck to Akora area and unloaded the cement sacks at one Ram Krishna alias Baraku' shop.The robbers (after unloading) had abandoned the empty truck near Pachdevra crossing in karchana block. Following the incident, a case under section 392 of IPC was lodged with Kaudhiyara police station.The SSP has constituted a special team comprising Bara and Kaudhiyara police stations and were successful in recovering the looted truck along with 292 cement sacks. The police have also seized the car which was used in taking the truck driver and cleaner to Madhya Pradesh.SSP, meanwhile, said that police teams have been looking for two more accused including Sanjay Bharatiya of Ghoorpur and Ram Krishna alias Baraku of Kaudhiyara. Both absconders were carrying Rs 5,000 cash reward on their respective heads.SSP further maintained that the gang members used to target cement and iron rods laden trucks and admitted to have looted trucks in Mirzapur, Pratapgarh, Kaushambi and Allahabad districts before falling in police net.He also added that there are 15 members in the gang and were operating in an organized way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "ajmer/jaipur", "code": "14330201", "title": "IPS officer arrested in bribe case", "text": "AJMER/JAIPUR: An IPS officer on probation was arrested on Thursday along with an ASI stationed at Ajmer by the Anti-Corruption Bureau ( ACB) for allegedly accepting a bribe of Rs 2.5 lakh from an accused implicated in a multi-level marketing fraud.This is the first case in the state when an IPS officer has been trapped for his alleged involvement in a bribery case. The ACB's Jaipur team executed the trap with utmost confidentiality and even the bureau's chief for Ajmer district was kept out of the operation.About a dozen officials of the ACB's special team from Jaipur zone first arrested ASI Prem Singh at Ajmer's Ramganj police station for accepting the bribe in the morning. Soon after Prem Singh's arrest, the team learnt that the junior policeman had accepted the bribe on behalf of IPS officer Ajay Singh who was posted as Circle officer, Ajmer (South).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14330012", "title": "Nitish\u2019s objection to Modi irrelevant, unfortunate: BJP", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP on Thursday dismissed as \"irrelevant and unfortunate\" Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar's objection to his Gujarat counterpart Narendra Modi becoming NDA's prime ministerial candidate in the 2014 general elections but said the \"mature\" coalition was not under any threat.\"It is an irrelevant and unfortunate debate,\" leader of opposition in Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj said. She maintained that the focus at present was the presidential poll and the issue of prime ministerial candidate had no immediate relevance.However, BJP accepted that it had not been able to convince ally JD(U) on supporting P A Sangma in the presidential election. Regretting this, Swaraj and her Rajya Sabha counterpart Arun Jaitley hoped this was a \"one off\" case of fissure in NDA ranks and would not affect the coalition.\"NDA is a mature alliance. There is no question of NDA breaking up,\" Swaraj said.Despite several attempts by BJP to persuade JD(U), the ally stuck to its stand of supporting UPA candidate Pranab Mukherjee. Top BJP leaders had talked to JD(U) president Sharad Yadav and Nitish Kumar on the issue.BJP leaders, preferring anonymity, said they could not understand the logic behind JD(U)'s decision.JD(U) is keeping its options open ahead of the 2014 elections and, hence, the decision to support Mukherjee, political observers felt.Kumar had ruled out Modi, without naming him, as NDA's PM candidate when he said the person should have \"secular\" credentials. He said the candidate should be acceptable to all NDA constituents.On Tuesday, he had stressed that NDA should declare its prime ministerial candidate in advance, saying, \"This leader should be acceptable to every constituent of the alliance. To me, the leader of the coalition should have secular credentials.\"Kumar has made known his unease with Modi a number of times earlier because of which the Gujarat CM was kept away from campaigning in Bihar during the last Lok Sabha and assembly elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14326594", "title": "Cops, Sec 45 residents join hands to curb burglaries", "text": "GURGAON: After witnessing a spate of burglaries in recent months, the Sector 45 RWA and Sector 40 police station have decided to join hands to tighten security in the area.In a meeting held earlier this week, police had requested the residents to inform them about their scheduled work hours so that patrolling could be regulated in the locality. M M Lal, vice president, Sector 45 RWA, said: \"We will organise a meeting on Sunday, in which residents will interact with the police directly. We shall also distribute circulars to spread awareness among the residents.\"The residents, on the other hand, are not entirely relying on the police. Sanjeev Saxena, former joint secretary of RWA, Pocket D, Sector 45, said: \"We will install high-resolution CCTV cameras soon. We are also pooling in money to hire guards from the beginning of July. To secure the area around the church, two guards will be deployed at night and one during the day.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14328318", "title": "Charges framed against Sudhakaran", "text": "CHENNAI: Charges have been framed against V N Sudhakaran, the disowned foster son of chief minister J Jayalalithaa, under the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (NDPS) Act, 1988. Special public prosecutor Dhamal T Kanna said the case would be taken up for further hearing on July 19.The case against Sudhakaran relates to a complaint filed by Gobu Sridhar at Pondy Bazaar police station. While investigating the case on June 13, 2001, police officers found a small polythene cover containing about 16 grams of heroin at Sudhakaran's house in T Nagar.The other accused in the case were V Bhaskaran alias 'Thottam' Bhaskaran and Muyeenudeen. Salahudeen, another accused person who allegedly assisted in the procurement of the drug, is absconding.While investigating the confession statement made by Bhaskaran, another cover containing 72 grams of heroin was found at Sudhakaran's office on June 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14330526", "title": "Class XI: 14k apply for govt schools", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The number of applications received by government schools in the Tricity this year for admission into class XI has crossed 14,000. Wednesday was the last day for receiving applications for the 2012-13 session. With more than 600 applications for science stream, Government Model Senior Secondary School, Sector 16, has taken precedence over other schools while in the same stream Government Model Senior School, Sector 35 is the second choice of the students with 300 applying for admissions there.For arts stream, the largest number of applications have been received by GMSSS, Sector 8, followed by GMSSS, Sector 40.Though a large number of applications have been received for various streams, more than 40% students have opted for arts, followed by science, commerce and information technology.DEO Ram Kumar said, \"The education department has provided same facilities in every government school, but since GMSSS-16 has a very good track record, it is the first choice of students.\"Rohit Khurana from Sector 15 said, \"I have been talking to my seniors for guidance and most of them have suggested GMSSS-35.\"\"I always wanted to study in Government Model Senior Secondary School, Sector 16, and it will be a dream comes true if I get admission there,\" said Amarjeet Singh Bajwa of Phase XI, Mohali.\"I have seen students getting top position in Chandigarh from GMSSS-16 and hence I want to go there,\" Ashwini Juneja, a resident of Sector 16, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14328747", "title": "West Bengal to trap four wild jumbos in September", "text": "KOLKATA: Almost after two-decades, the Mela Shikar \u2014 a traditional method of capturing wild elephants \u2014 will make a comeback in the state in September, when elephants from Dalma will head towards South Bengal.\"We have been allowed to capture four sub-adult elephants for captive use. This is usually not allowed, unless approved by the Centre,\" state forest minister Hiten Burman said in state assembly on Thursday. TOI, on February 29, reported that permission for this was sought way back in 2000, but the Union ministry of environment and forests sanctioned it only on February 16, this year.In 1977, elephants were brought under the Schedule I of Wildlife Protection Act, 1972, and such captures were made illegal. But the Centre, under Section 12 of the same act, can give permission for capture for population control and scientific research.The ban has left many phandis (one with expertise of capturing the elephants) jobless. They had to work odd jobs and even became daily wage earners. The government once settled 1000 families in 13 villages near the Assam-Arunachal border.In West Bengal, the last time such exercise done was in 1994-95 when six elephants were captured.Burman said, \"These elephants will be trained in the Jalpaiguri elephant training centre and will add up to our herd of kumki (tamed) elephants.\" There are 652 such elephants in the state.Special CCF, western circle, M V Raj Sekhar, who is looking after the arrangements for this operation, said it will be carried out in August-September. \"We have experts in our department, who will tranquillize the pachyderms, in order to capture those,\" he said. Conservationist Samik Gupta said, as a long-term solution, the state should utilize the wasteland in south Bengal, lying unused, by developing those as elephant rescue centres.\"We've also sought permission from the Centre for two elephant rescue centres, each spread over 100 acres in Jalpaiguri's Khoirabari and West Midnapore's Nayagram. The nod is awaited. We hope to put the tuskers, who've turned rogue, in these rescue centres as the maximum damage is being caused by them. We believe, the centres can house only one elephant per 25 acres, so eight such rogue elephants can be kept in both the rescue centres,\" he said, after making a detailed statement in the state assembly.Burman said the permission for Mela Shikar was sought with a belief, if four elephants are trapped from the herd, the rest may refuse to head to South Bengal again.To a question raised by Congress MLA Nepal Mahato in the assembly, Burman said the state is also planning to double the Rs 7,500 per hectares compensation to people, whose cultivable land is damaged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14331267", "title": "Exhume the body soon, directs HC", "text": "BANGALORE: A high court division bench headed by the Chief Justice has directed the jurisdictional court in Gauribidanur in Chikkaballapur district to decide in five days the application filed by police for exhuming the body of BN Bhramarambika, a law student who was buried in May.The bench directed the state government on Thursday to report to the court within 24 hours of obtaining permission for exhuming the body. Sumeda Vijay Mohod, advocate who was appointed as court commissioner, in her report recommended for a CID probe. She stated that students are scared to speak.The high court registered suo motu a PIL acting on a letter written by students of Seshadripuram Law College, Bangalore, alleging suspected \"honour killing\" of their college mate. In their letter to Justice DV Shyelndra Kumar, a senior HC judge, the students had complained that Bhramarambika, studying in fourth semester, died under mysterious circumstances on the night of May 20.\"She participated in viva programme at the college on May 10.We were shocked to hear that she died on the night of May 20. When we went there, the body was buried. The real cause is suppressed. We suspect honour killing,'' the students wrote.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14330985", "title": "Soon, all-in-one pet care centre in Gurgaon", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Millennium City Gurgaon is all set to get a state-of-the-art multi-specialty pet hospital. Haryana animal husbandry department has decided to set up a pet clinic with facilities such as a diagnostic lab, blood bank, dog dentistry, 24-hour emergency, ambulance, ventilators, all kind of pet surgeries, breeding section, dog hostel, beauty parlour and pet training.According to department officials, the decision was taken due to a large clientele in and around Gurgaon. It also wanted trained veterinarians to be posted in Gurgaon for pet care. As of now, the department is successful in running such a hospital in Panchkula that is feeder for pet lovers of the Tricity comprising Chandigarh, Panchkula and Mohali.Director general of the department of animal husbandry in Haryana Dr K S Dangi told TOI that the centre would be setup near DLF Phase-II area in Gurgaon, where the department has around an acre of land.Dangi said that after success at Panchkula, they are confident of another start in Gurgaon and the hospital would ensure changes to the pet care sector in the NCR area. Construction would be initiated after approval from the state government.As of now, only Chennai, Kochi and Panchkula have such pet hospitals where all kind of facilities ranging from OPDs to serious surgeries and emergency services are available under one roof, on nominal charges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14326649", "title": "New flyover to smoothen traffic near Sohna Chowk", "text": "GURGAON: In order to smoothen traffic in the old city, the MCG plans to construct a flyover starting from the bus stand to Sohna Chowk. The civic agency has already finalized the site for the project, which would require it to raze a gate of the civil hospital in the vicinity and reconstruct an internal road leading to it.The MCG has written to the civil hospital authorities informing them about the changes to be made. As per the plan, the boundary wall of the government boys' school would also be shifted. Close to 10-square-foot area of the hospital would be taken over by the MCG for the project.According to officials of the health department, the civil hospital was recently renovated and the main gate was constructed keeping in mind the footfall at the hospital. Deputy CMO M P Sharma said, \"MCG officials visited the hospital for the project but the CMO was not in the city at that time. The MCG would now write to the CMO who would then decide the next course of action.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14328836", "title": "Security guard found dead", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 30-year-old security guard was found dead under mysterious circumstances on Thursday night in Sainik Farms area of south Delhi, police said.The deceased has been identified as Bachchu Yadav, resident of Gonda in UP. A case of murder was registered. Police has arrested one Suraj. \"It seems the accused wanted sexual favours from Yadav. When the proposal was turned down, Suraj smashed the head of the deceased with a huge stone,'' said a source.Yadav was rushed to AIIMS where he was declared brought dead due to attack on his head with any blunt object.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14330576", "title": "Man arrested for making lewd calls to women advocates", "text": "SURAT: City crime branch arrested a diamond polisher for allegedly making lewd calls to women advocates practicing at the Surat district and sessions court.Mahesh Baldaniya, 25, a resident of Punagam area was arrested on the charges of harassment.He was identified through the IMEI number of his mobile phone. He used a sim card purchased on a residential address of Ahmedabad to mislead police and the victims.Priti Joshi of Lady Advocates Active Committee on Tuesday lodged a complaint with city police commissioner Rakesh Asthana about a caller harassing women advocates on their mobile phones. Baldaniya had called up four women advocates in four hours and made lewd demands.Police investigation revealed that Baldaniya was arrested in the past for vehicle theft. During his court visits, he noted down the mobile numbers of the women advocates written on their tables.He had taken to vehicle thefts after losing his job as a diamond polisher in 2003", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "14330180", "title": "Jakhar's escape likely to delay trial", "text": "JODHPUR: The escape of accused Kailash Jakhar is likely to dampen hopes of a speedy trial in the Bhanwari Devi murder case despite the confirmation report from the FBI that remains recovered from the canal belonged to the missing government nurse.Legal experts on Thursday said CBI will have to wait for some more time to resume trial in the case. The trial court had set the next date hearing in the case on July 5 but various legal experts are of the opinion that if Jakhar is not arrested and produced before the court on this date, the agency will have to request the court to declare him absconder. And this is going to delay the trial process.The experts explained that the process of declaring an accused as an absconder takes time. \"If an accused is not traced for at least three months, he is declared as absconder. Thus, if police and CBI are not be able to arrest him and produce before the court on or before July 5, they will have to wait for a period of three months to get him declared as absconder. During this period no trial of the case can be commenced,\" a senior advocate at the Jodhpur bench of Rajasthan High Court said.Senior special counsel for the CBI, Ashok Joshi, said, \"Since Jakhar is an important accused in the case, the trial cannot be continued until he is arrested again and brought before the court.\"So far, three hearings of the case have taken place.\"We are in touch with Jodhpur police and they say that they have got concrete clues on the whereabouts of the Jakhar who managed to escape after his accomplices opened fire on the premises of the high court,\" a senior officer with the CBI said.The trial in the case is being heard at the additional chief judicial magistrate (SC/ST Cases) court and charges has been framed on 17 accused, including Indra Bishnoi who is yet to be arrested.It may be recalled that CBI had earlier taken up a similar process with Indra Bishnoi, another fleeing accused in the case, to declare a absconder.The experts, however, said the FBI's report is the triumph card for the CBI as it has clearly revealed the target. \"Both police and CBI have mounted pressure for the arrest of Jakhar and Indra Bishnoi, who has been absconding for the past seven months,\" Joshi added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14337437", "title": "Missing woman found dead in well", "text": "CHENNAI: A 23-year-old woman who went missing from her house last Tuesday was found dead in a well close to her house at Periyakuppam near Tiruvallur. Tamil Nadu Fire and Rescue Services (TNFRS) sleuths fished out the decomposed body of the woman, Yamuna, 23, of Suvalpet near Arakkonam.Yamuna's husband Saravanan, 28, is an employee of the Chennai Corporation. Police said Yamuna went to her parent's house last Monday and she disappeared from the house on Tuesday. Yamuna's family members searched for her and later lodged a woman missing complaint at the Manavala Nagar police station. As her body was recovered from a well, police have altered a case into that of unnatural death under Section 174 of Criminal Procedure Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14326587", "title": "Doctors at JP hospital working extra to handle more childbirths", "text": "BHOPAL: Winters are fun for most newly married couples, but apparently not for doctors at JP Hospital who are grouchy about a steep rise in birth rate nine months on. As a trend, child births increase during the monsoon season owing to marriages in winters. However, the same is not true for the marriages that take place during spring-summer season.State-run hospitals feel the heat, faced as they are with a challenge to providing quality care for all. \"Typically pregnancies go up in winters as more women get pregnant and also most marriages take place during winters,\" said JP hospital superintendent and civil surgeon Dr Veena Sinha.\"There is no scientific study, but with experience we relate it to a number of marriages that take place during the winters,\" said Sultania hospital superintendent Dr Sudha Chorasia. On an average, about 30 children are born while the number shoots up to 40-45 during the months of June, July and August, she added.As a result, JP hospital is reporting a near 100 to 150 more child births to average of 400. The state capital's largest district hospital has about 36 beds in its maternity ward, all full to capacity. A number of patients have to rely on makeshift arrangements within the hospital. As a trend winter pregnancies exceed those in other seasons. \"The trend is more visible for people in rural areas, where most marriages are still held in auspicious winter months,\" she added.For some, winter pregnancies produce a baby boom and looking at the trend the health department now plans to step up its family planning around the marriage season in winter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14328054", "title": "2 daily wage workers found with their heads smashed", "text": "BANGALORE: Two daily wage workers were killed in a grisly but similar manner in separate incidents in the city on Wednesday night.Thirty four-year-old daily wage worker, Eshwar, a native of Gadag district, was found with his head smashed at the construction site where he was employed in Tirumenahalli in Kothanur, near Banaswadi. A bloodied boulder lay next to the body.Building owner Lakkappa saw the body first on Thursday morning. In his statement to the police, he said that sheds had been built for workers on the site and when he went in the morning to see the workers, he saw Eshwar's body lying in a pool of blood.In the second case in Hebbal police limits, another daily wage worker, Gangachalappa, 68, was killed. The culprits had hit him on his head with a stone.A native of Bellary district, Gangachalappa was staying with his daughter in Manorayanapalaya near Hebbal. The daughter realized that her father was missing from Wednesday night and went looking for him the next morning. His body was found some distance from their home on Thursday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "14329889", "title": "Tripura police asks people to shun militants", "text": "AGARTALA: Police on Thursday appealed to the citizens not to be lured to join the militant outfits that have recently revived themselves with help from other extremist organizations in the region. Making a reference to the confessional statements of surrendered National Liberation Front of Tripura (NLFT) militants, the police issued a statement seeking cooperation from people to ensure that the rebels do not find easy new recruits.The statement said: \"We have found out that NLFT extremists are recruiting innocent tribal youths from the interior areas and are also trying to extort money from various agencies with the help of a small section of surrendered extremists and their sympathizers.\" The police also urged surrendered militants and other youngsters not to respond to any such demands.The statement was issued after surrendered NLFT militants confessed to planning a series of bomb attacks in Agartala. The confession also helped the police recover two computers, one external hard disc and hundreds of CDs belonging to the NLFT from the house of Dolphin Koloi, a surrendered insurgent, from his government-sponsored accommodation in VIP enclave on Wednesday.According to reports, Dolphin has revealed that Rs 25 lakh, which was found in the possession of three other surrendered NLFT rebels, including a woman, last week, was meant for NLFT supremo Biswamohan Debbarma. He has also named some surrendered rebels who are still involved in militant activities. He said that NLFT was planning to carry out attacks in Agartala before the next assembly election barely and as many as 21 tribal youths were sent to hide-outs in Bangladesh and Myanmar for training. According to intelligence inputs, NLFT still runs six to seven hideouts in Bangladesh while ATTF is struggling for existence due to proactive action taken by the Bangladeshi authorities.Meanwhile, Agartala city police recovered a factory made revolver and four bullets from a house on Wednesday night. Acting on a tip-off, police raided the rented accommodation of one Raju Bhattacharjee in Krishnanagar area of Agartala and seized the weapon stashed in a rice container. Police said that Raju is absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "14328173", "title": "Snag in underground cabling", "text": "MAPUSA: Farmers from Porvorim have opposed the laying of underground electricity cables in the Socorro- Porvorim paddy field properties in survey numbers 82/4 and 82/6.The alleged that the electricity department-engaged contractor damaged the cultivable paddy fields resulting in the loss of 1 lakh. Farmers have urged the department to stop further digging of fields.\"The electricity department has started illegally digging my paddy field for underground electric cable work. No NOC or written consent was obtained from me for laying the cables and the department has illegally trespassed into my paddy fields,\" said farmer Tanaji Pednekar.Farmers have written to the executive engineer at the electricity department of Mapusa and asked for his intervention to save the fields.\"If the electricity department continues digging in the middle of the said paddy field properties, my tenancy rights will be infringed and I will be deprived of cultivating the paddy fields,\" Pednekar said.Pednekar and others have also written to the Porvorim police station for the criminal tresspass, destruction and mischief committed to the paddy field.Pednekar complained that despite objecting to the contractor engaged by the electricity department, he came to the site with the excavation machine and started digging a trench for the underground electricity cables.Executive engineer, Mapusa, Ulhas Kerkar said that the electricity department is laying 33 KV underground electricity cable connecting Tivim substation to the Porvorim substation. He added that the farmers have approached him with their objections and he will put the matter before the chief electrical engineer and the Bardez deputy collector.\"As per Indian Telegraph Act, 1885, we can lay the underground electricity cables in private property as it is in the interest of the state. Since the farmers have approached me, I will put the matter before chief electrical engineer and the Bardez deputy collector,\" said Kerkar.While pointing out that the said underground line is most essential for reliable power supply, Kerkar said, \"The areas of Pilerne, Nerul, Porvorim are already facing power cuts and low voltage. The 33 kv underground electricity cable connecting Tivim substation to Porvorim substation is the need of the hour.\"Power minister Milind Naik, at the inauguration of the renovated and augmented power substation in Mapusa, urged the people not to oppose underground electricity cabling for increased quality and reliable power supply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "14329722", "title": "Hirakud stops business houses from tapping into dam water", "text": "SAMBALPUR: The Hirakud dam authorities have asked industrial houses in Jharsuguda and Sambalpur districts to stop drawing water from the reservoir in view of water scarcity. Sending notices to at least 10 major industrial houses, the dam authorities requested them to make arrangement of water on their own till there is an increase in the reservoir level.The water level of the reservoir went down to 594.97 feet on Wednesday and if there is no rain in the catchment area in a day or two, the level would soon go down to the \"dead level\" of 590 feet. Farmers of the region, too, expressed deep concern over the situation as water scarcity in the reservoir has affected agriculture. Water scarcity has reportedly forced the dam authority to reduce discharge of canal water. This has also affected power generation in Burla and Chipilima power stations. However, the dam authority denied the allegation saying everything is well under control and a rise in the water level is expected soon because of rain in the upstream of Mahanadi.\"We have asked the industrial houses to stop taking water from the reservoir as the water level has gone down bellow 595 feet. However, discharge of canal water is still unaffected,\" executive engineer of the Hirakud dam project R K Panda said on Thursday. He informed that the industries that have been asked to stop taking water from Hirakud are IB Thermal, SMC Hirma, BIT, Action Ispat, Vedanta, Sterelite Energy and Ind-Barath of Jharsuguda district and Bhusan Steel and Power, Shyam Metalics and Biraj steel of Sambalpur district.According to Panda, 38.94 mm rainfall has been recorded in the upstream and 55.40 mm in the downstream of Mahanadi on Thursday.Dam experts, on the other hand, apprehended severe problems ahead because of the sharing of dam water with industrial houses. They feel that power generation and irrigation have been drastically affected owing to water sharing. \"Power generation has been definitely affected because of water scarcity in the reservoir. Earlier the power house produced more than 1200 million units of power in a year, but now, it has come down to below 1000 MU. The dam record shows last year a little over 679 million unit power was generated,\" the former managing director of OHPC, Kanunakar Supakar, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14330565", "title": "Ambubachi Mela to begin today at Kamakhya", "text": "GUWAHATI: The most-awaited festival for Shakti worshippers - Ambubachi Mela - begins at Kamakhya Temple on Friday and visitors, mostly from the eastern and northern parts of the country, are thronging the temple premises in Nilachal Hills here for the grand festival annual celebration of divine fecundity.The doors of the shakti shrine at Kamakhya Temple will be closed at 6.12am on Friday and will be reopened three days later, at 7 am on Monday, in keeping with the most important ritual of Ambubachi Mela, informed secretary of the Kamakhya Debutter Board, Naba Kanta Sarma.Sarma said nearly two lakh devotes, mostly from the states of West Bengal , Bihar and Uttar Pradesh, have already arrived in Guwahati and are putting up in temporary camps on the temple premises and at the Nilachal foothills.\"We hope more devotes, visitors and sadhus from other states will come to Nilachal Hills from Friday. Already, two lakh devotees have arrived at Kamakhya,\" he added.The Debutter Board was happy with the arrangements made by the Guwahati Municipal Corporation (GMC) to accommodate devotees and visitors. \"The GMC has almost completed installing 250 water taps and 200 makeshift toilets for the visitors. Many devotees are staying in the houses of the 'pandas' atop Nilachal Hills,\" said the board secretary.The board has installed 64 CCTV cameras inside the temple complex for constant monitoring of all areas of the temple. One hundred Scout cadets and 60 NCC cadets have also been called in to help manage traffic and other logistical issues, apart from 200 volunteers who will be at hand to meet emergencies.More than 500 policemen have been called in for the mammoth task of maintaining law and order. Moreover, paramilitary forces have also been deployed to keep a constant vigil on the area.Ambubachi Mela is the most important festival celebrated at Kamakhya Temple. It is believed that the presiding goddess of the temple, Devi Kamakhya, goes through her annual cycle of menstruation during Ambubachi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14327260", "title": "For now, Maharashtra government to run from guest house", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra government till late on Thursday was unsure which contingency plan will be set in motion to revive the state headquarters.Some state officials said that, for the foreseeable future at least, the secretariat could work out of the new administrative building opposite Mantralaya, the Vidhan Bhavan or the official guesthouse, Sahyadri. Others, however, pointed out that these buildings already accommodate government departments. \"It is difficult to say now, but we will think of some alternative office space,\" said state home minister R R Patil.The shift was made inevitable because of the structural damage caused to at least four floors of the eight-storey building. Police commissioner Arup Patnaik was overheard telling Patil that the building might have been left structurally unviable by the fire that started around 2.35pm and was still raging in pockets till late night.The inferno gutted several crucial departments. Among the worst-hit were the urban development department, revenue department, education department, home department and transport department besides the offices of the chief minister, the deputy chief minister and several ministers. Some of these offices could work out of alternative buildings.\"As of now, it is difficult to assess the damage caused by the fire, but we can accommodate ourselves in other government buildings,\" said state health minister Suresh Shetty.Some officials reckoned the government might reconsider the Rs 2,000-crore Mantralaya makeover project that was being seriously considered in 2009. At the very least, the officials added, the plan will be discussed until the old building is made habitable again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14328773", "title": "Police custody for Nonadanga activists", "text": "KOLKATA: Kolkata Police booked the anti-eviction activists of Nonadanga under stringent non bailable sections of law on Thursday. They were sent to police custody for five days.The Nonadanga issue started to die down after the release of scientist Partho Sarathi Roy, whose arrest sparked major controversy. Following a strong message by people from different quarters against the alleged state high handedness, Roy was granted bail without any objection of the prosecution. But trouble broke out again on Saturday.The anti-eviction activists alleged that Trinamool-led men attacked the slum dwellers at Nonadanga and threatened them to stop their movement. Several activists, including their leader Bapi Mondal, were injured in the attack.To protest the attack, slum dwellers took out a rally, which was followed by a gathering at Esplanade on Wednesday by the members of Nonadanga Uchhed Birodhi Committee. \"We were in a peaceful gathering. But the cops resorted to a sudden lathicharge. Two of the activists sustained injuries,\" said Parag Banerjee, an activist. Police then rounded up 32 from the spot. The injured activists were also arrested and taken to Hare Street police station after treatment at SSKM Hospital.The arrested actvists were slapped sections 148,149,188 and 353 of IPC. On Thursday, they were sent to police custody till June 25 after production before the city metropolitan court. Joint CP, headquarters, Jawed Shamim denied allegations of lathicharge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14328625", "title": "Fish trader beaten to death", "text": "LUCKNOW: A 28-year-old fish trader was beaten to death following a dispute over fish trade at Alamnagar in Talkatora on Wednesday night. The victim was identified as Harun, son of Goga alias Shamshaad, a resident of Alamnagar.Goga said Harun was returning home when he was waylaid by Neeraj, Raghunath, Vinod and Santosh, all residents of Asharfabaad. They started beating Harun with rods and sharp edged weapons. One Abrar of the same village saw this and informed Harun's family. But by the time family members reached the spot, miscreants had fled leaving Harun in a pool of blood. Injured Harun was rushed to Rani Laxmi Bai Hospital in Rajajipuram where doctors declared him dead. Later, the arrested two accused, Vinod and Neeraj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "14330309", "title": "Miners begin three-day blockade over wages", "text": "SINDRI: Payment of Sunday duty in Chasnala, Jitpur and Ramnagar collieries of SAIL subsidiary IISCO Steel Plant (ISP) seems to have snowballed into a major controversy as the joint front of five trade unions have launched a three-day economic blockade from Thursday to press for their demands.Miners led by trade unions squatting near the Shramik Chowk of Chasnala colliery have stopped movement of heavy earth moving equipment, dumpers and trucks from 6am as part of their agitation. As a result, production in different quarries, Tasra project and transportation of coal remained disrupted for the whole day on Thursday.Giving this information, Sunderlal Mahto of CITU-affiliated Bihar Colliery Kamgar Union informed that the miners are agitating since long for payment of full wages along with a day's leave for working on Sundays. Coal industry, according to trade union leaders, is following the practice all over the nation but the ISP management has stopped paying wages for working on Sundays after merger with SAIL in 2007.Despite several rounds of talks and assurances, the ISP management is delaying a concrete decision in this regard for last five years; alleged Mahto and informed that the executive director (coal) of the company signed an agreement with the joint front of trade unions on February 3 this year wherein he categorically agreed to start payment for Sunday duty. On his assurance, the workers kept working on Sundays but the colliery management has not paid them for last four months.According to him, when the workers contact the ED (coal) for implementing the agreement, he says that he approved the payment and the GM should pay. The colliery GM says since the finance department has not approved the same till date how can he order for making the payment. Workers are now tired of running from pillar to post and are seething in anger over the game of throwing the ball in others court being played by the corporate management of the company and decided to launch economic blockade to make the management listen to their grievances, he added.Ramji Prasad Yadav of INTUC, Umashankar Singh of BMS, Yogendra Mahto of CITU, Mahndera Tiwary of IISCO khadan Mazddor Sangh, Murari Mohan Jha of Jharkhand Colliery Mazdoor Union, Amarjeet Singh, Shaktipado Mahto were prominent among others leading the agitation. Despite repeated attempts, GM B K Sinha could not be contacted for his comments as he was said to be busy in meeting by his office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14327261", "title": "Rath yatra festivities begin", "text": "VARANASI: As the three-day Rathyatra festivity began in the city, around 70-80 makeshift stalls of nankhatai have sprouted at entire Rathyatra region. If the vendors of these nankhatai stalls are to be believed, nankhatais worth Rs 60-70 lakhs would be sold during the festival.According to vendors who have set up their shops for the Rathyatra festival, this season Besan Nankhatai is in demand.Huge quantity of besan nankhkatai is being sold. According to Ashok, a nankhatai wala, while nankhatai is a popular delicacy in most of the fares, Rathyatra fare is the most prominent for us, as the nankhatai is offered to Lord Jagannath as 'prasad'.Nankhatais of this season are also transported to other cities like Kolkata, Delhi, Mumbai, Lucknow and neighbouring cities. \"Relatives and friends of people who come here as devotees give prior orders and thus after offering the delicacy to lord, send it to their near and dear ones residing in other cities,\" he informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14327669", "title": "Central jail building to be pulled down", "text": "HYDERABAD: The imposing structure of the Central Prison, Chanchalguda, which people have become so familiar with in recent months, is soon to be razed to the ground.The administrative building of the facility, constructed in the year 1876, will now make way for new structures. After the old barracks, which until recently housed prisoners, are completely demolished, the massive administrative building, with its imposing gate, will be pulled down. It is, however, learnt that only after some more new buildings come up on the 30-acre prison area will the prison authorities go ahead with the demolition.Although it is an old structure, the prison building is nonetheless not a listed monument and not recognised as a structure that needs to be preserved. The building was constructed by the Nizam to serve as the central prison for Hyderabad and surrounding districts.Only recently were the prisoners shifted from the old barracks to the new buildings that have been constructed to international standards.It may be mentioned here that although the authorities had planned to retain the Musheerabad jail building, it was demolished subsequently after the Cherlapalli prison was constructed in 2000. New buildings for the Gandhi hospital were later constructed at the place. The Musheerabad jail had been constructed in 1915 and even had gallows to execute prisoners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14327891", "title": "Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation sting for 50 hospitals over malaria", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Municipal commissioner Guruprasad Mohapatra has shot off notices threatening to cancel licences of 50 hospitals in the city which refused to comply with disease-surveillance procedures instituted by Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC). About 125 of the 190-odd hospitals have been complying with the notification and updating disease profiles of their patients.The surging cases of vector-borne diseases, especially malaria, was the main cause for creating the system by which hospitals were to upload online the names, addresses, and diagnoses of their patients. \"Doctors in these very same hospitals have time to upload vacation pictures on Facebook but not the profiles of their patients, which is in public interest and an important aspect of disease mapping,\" said a furious AMC health official.For his part, Mohapatra said: \"We are keeping a close watch on what sort of treatment is given to patients at these hospitals and ensuring that they follow the 2010 drug protocol.\" Malarial parasites have become immune to traditional treatment and according to the latest drug policy, an acute malaria patient has to be given dosages of what was prescribed for an acute falciparum patient, Mohapatra said. \"We had sent 250 emails to all these hospitals explaining this policy and had been reminding them daily to upload details, but they seemed lazy. These hospitals cannot play with public health,\" he said.Mohapatra has even gone a step further and has constituted four teams of doctors who will visit each malaria patient in these hospitals and check what sort of treatment is being given.Doctor critical with suspected Congo feverAHMEDABAD: A 29-year old resident doctor of VS Hospital Dr Smiral Parikh is critical with a severe hemorrhagic fever. He is suspected to have the dreaded CCHF Congo fever. Final reports are awaited.Dr Parikh was admitted in the Sterling Hospital on Wednesday after he complained of high grade fever, severe headache, and metallic taste in mouth and reduced appetite. He had been suffering from high fever with severe headache since the past two days.However, his condition is reported to be critical as his platelet counts have crashed indicating severe hemorrhagic fever. \"The resident doctor is critical as he has also started suffering internal bleeding. We have sent his samples for testing for viruses including CCHF and started an extensive anti-viral therapy to salvage his life,\" said Dr Atul Patel, senior infectious diseases consultant at Sterling.Dr Patel said that Dr Parikh apparently contracted the virus while intubating a patient with an unknown hemorrhagic viral fever when a splash of patient's blood landed on his face. Doctors fear that this might be just the exposure that has brought down Dr Parikh with a critical fever.It needs mention that Amina Momin, 30, of Kolat village in Sanand taluka, was the first victim of CCHF, in India. With Amina's death, presence of Congo fever was first detected in India. The doctor and nurse of a private hospital who treated Amina also contracted the virus and died after a week. The CCHF virus is primarily found in animals, which is caused by a tick-based virus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14334120", "title": "Who will be Dhulia\u2019s Hamlet?", "text": "While Vishal Bhardwaj's plans of making a film based on William Shakespeare's Hamlet didn't materialise, Onir and Tigmanshu Dhulia seem to be in the race to make their adaptations of the play. Though Onir's keeping his wishlist a secret for now, it is learnt that Dhulia and his producers are considering Hrithik Roshan, Ranbir Kapoor and Ajay Devgn are for the part of the protagonist of their interpretation of the Bard's play.Dhulia, who has become a sought after director after the success of Paan Singh Tomar , has been signed on by Shrishti Arya and Goldie Behl to make a film for their company. After some meetings, it was decided that he'd adapt Hamlet for their movie, the script of which he's already begun working on. According to our source, \"Tigmanshu is basing his take on the play in Uttar Pradesh, the socio-economic-political understand of which he's very well familiar with.\"Further, it is learnt that the director and his producers have also been discussing about the probable actor to cast as the protagonist. \"While discussing the script, they're also talking about who will suit the part. Hrithik Roshan and Ranbir Kapoor are two names that have been often coming up during the discussions. Besides, the kind of actors they are and the kinds of movies they're doing, Hrithik or Ranbir would very effectively portray the dilemmas faced by the protagonist when seeking revenge for his father's murder,\" explains our source.Interestingly, Ajay's name came up keeping in mind his portrayal of Omkara in Vishal Bhardwaj's adaptation of Shakespeare's Othello, also set in the political milieu of UP. As our source says, \"Tigmanshu felt that having played a desi Othello, in a similar setting of UP, Ajay could also be apt for the part.\"When contacted, Goldie declined to comment saying, \"Right now, it's too early to talk about the casting. We'll make an announcement when things are finalised.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14327636", "title": "Producer deposes against Bhanu", "text": "HYDERABAD: Telugu Cine Producers Association secretary T Prasanna Kumar on Thursday gave his statement as witness before the Crime Investigation Department (CID) against gangster Bhanu Kiran in connection with a monetary settlement case.Besides Prasanna Kumar, Mahankali film producer Y Surender Reddy also gave statement to CID officials.Both were witnesses to Bhanu Kiran's alleged involvement in the settlement of a financial dispute pertaining to Balaji Labs, owned by film producer C Kalyan, by allegedly threatening Tollywood producer Natti Kumar.Bhanu Kiran is accused of indulging in settling various financial disputes between film financiers and producers by threatening the rival parties at gun point.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14336616", "title": "Krishnudu in a Bollywood remake", "text": "Cute hero Krishnudu's new movie is titled \"Chandrudu\", a remake of Bollywood film \"Dasvidaniya\". The actor, who shot to fame with the film \"Vinayakudu\", has just signed on the dotted lines for this new movie in which he's paired opposite Abhinaya.Apparently, \"Chandrudu\" is tipped to be remake of a Bollywood film \"Das Vidaniya\" starring Vinay Pathak and directed by Shashant Shah. The name of the movie is a pun on the list of ten things to be done before death. And Krishnudu will be reprising the role of Vinay Pathak. The Telugu version will be directed by Dwarampudi Satyanarayana and produced by Mandava Satish.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "14330327", "title": "Mohali sees 56 immigration fraud cases in 6 months", "text": "MOHALI: After Chandigarh, Mohali seems to have become hub of immigration fraud. In 56 incidents reported in the last six months, gullible people have lost more than Rs 1.5 crore. Interestingly, in majority of cases the accused are also wanted by Chandigarh police for fraud.Local police have managed to crack 19 cases out of 56 while the rest are still pending with the investigation agencies. On June 16, five cases of immigration frauds against a dozen travel agents were registered for duping seven persons on the pretext of sending them abroad on work permit and student visas. Police sources told TOI, \"Accused Neena Sharma, who is currently facing two dozen cheating cases in Chandigarh, is also wanted by district police in recently registered eight cases. Her husband Mangat Ram was arrested three days ago.\" Neena was running immigration business under the banner of Shri Sai Kirpa Immigration Services in Mohali and Chandigarh.As many as 50 cases of cheating have been registered against the staff and owners of Jet Immigration Company, Mohali, in the last two years in Chandigarh police is also investigating some complaints against the same firm. SP (Detective) Balwinder Singh agrees that there is a sudden rise in cases pertaining to immigration frauds, but said reason behind it is free registration of FIRs. He said, \"We have started registering FIRs on the basis of evidences and legal opinions are secondary.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14335799", "title": "Wish Uttaran completes 1000 episodes: Rupali Guha", "text": "Filmfarm Productions' Uttaran on Colors TV recently completed 900 episodes.It's a feat for the cast and crew of Uttaran as this has been one of the most successful shows on television, making Tina Dutta (Ichcha), Rashmi Desai (Tapasya) and Nandish Sandhu (Veer) stars overnight.Rupali Guha, producer, is ecstatic on achieving this milestone. But feels it's yet not time for celebrations. Says Rupali, \"It's a great and overwhelming feeling. The show's doing great and it caught on fast, even after the change in star cast. We've come so far, we must work even harder to reach our goal of 1000 episodes. Maybe post that, we'll have a big celebration\"Celebrations can surely wait. Here's congratulating the entire team of Uttaran and hope they score another century of episodes!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14328900", "title": "ED questions Kanimozhi in Rs 200cr payoff case", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Enforcement Directorate on June 16 questioned DMK MP Kanimozhi, the daughter of party chief M Karunanidhi, in connection with the Rs 223 crore payoff her TV channel allegedly received in the 2G spectrum scam.Kanimozhi was summoned to the agency's Delhi office and grilled for a couple of hours. Sources said she was asked to explain the alleged payoff in the family run Kalaignar TV and her role in the channel.Interestingly, the DMK chief's daughter was summoned for questioning while Congress was scouting for allies to back its presidential candidate. DMK was the first among UPA allies to pledge support to Congress nominee Pranab Mukherjee.Though Kanimozhi's questioning was pending since April, she was given time as Parliament was in session. Other officials of Kalaignar TV, meanwhile, were summoned to the ED's Delhi office and their statement recorded.In the last week of April, Kanimozhi's representatives submitted her financial statements to the agency in connection with the 2G scam investigation.Earlier, ED officials had said the agency was likely to file a prosecution case against Kanimozhi, seeking a jail term which could be up to seven years along with a fine.ED also recorded statements of Kalaignar TV managing director Sharad Kumar. Karunanidhi's wife and daughter together hold 80% share in Kalaignar TV while Kumar holds the remaining 20%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "14329605", "title": "Arrest warrant issued against PPP\u2019s PM pick", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Within hours of his nomination as ruling PPP's prime ministerial nominee , a court ordered the arrest of Makhdoom Shahabuddin for his alleged involvement in a drug import scam, scuttling his chances. It also seemed President Asif Ali Zardari, against whom the supreme court has repeatedly directed the Pakistan government to re-open corruption cases, is headed for a showdown with the judiciary, saying, effectively, that the new PM won't be writing to Swiss authorities.\"The new PM will never start a trial against my slain wife,\" a combative Zardari is learnt to have told his party MPs, referring to corruption cases against him and Benazir Bhutto. \"I know how to deal with these challenges. Trust me and I will lead you out of the crisis,\" he told PPP lawmakers.With Shahabuddin's exit, two PPP members remain in the running: former ministers Raja Pervez Ashraf, and Qamar Zaman Kaira. With court cases pending against Ashraf as well, it's possible that former I&B; minister Kaira alone will be left in the fray.Meanwhile, Pakistan Muslim League (Nawaz) Sardar Mehtab Abbasi and rightwing Jamiat Ulema-e-Islam (F)'s Maulana Fazlur Rehman , too, filed their nomination papers. The parliament will now meet on Friday 5:30 pm to elect the new PM. The Islamabad court also ordered the arrest of Ali Musa Gilani, the son of Yousaf Raza Gilani, in the multi-billion rupee ephedrine import case in which both the Makhdoom and Musa allegedly approved unauthorized drug quotas. Anti-Narcotic force (ANF) named Musa as one of the eight accused for alleged irregularities in the import of the chemical ephedrine, commonly known as \"poor man's cocaine\".Several PPP leaders said the do not believe that Pakistan's current political crisis will end with the appointment of new PM. \"The new premier will immediately face court demands to write to Swiss authorities for reopening corruption cases against President Zardari. In case of refusal, he'll be thrown out as well,\" said Chaudhary Aitzaz Ahsan, a PPP senator and counsel for the ex-PM Gilani in the contempt of court case.\"While these games are being played, the country could not move forward on critical issues including the determination of ties with the US, the Nato supplies, Pak-Afghan relations on the foreign policy front and the disastrous consequences of load shedding, inflation and economic meltdown ,\" said Amir Mateen, a political analyst.In a House of 342 members , the winning candidate needs 172 votes. The PPP with 124 seats enjoys a clear majority with the support of its coalition partners, PML(Q) which has 50, MQM (25) and Awami National Party (13). The PPP has also managed support of 17 independent members. PML-N has 92 seats while Maulana Fazlur Rehman has eight.The period of political uncertainty could last for another 120-130 days as the next election and a caretaker cabinet has to be inducted by November so that fresh polls are held in February next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14328056", "title": "Lax probe in thalassemia kids' case angers HC", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court came down heavily on IPS officer Shobha Bhutada for her lopsided investigation in the case of children suffering from thalassemia in Junagadh being infected with HIV at a hospital.The court will decide on Friday if the investigation in the case should be transferred to the CBI. The bench of acting chief justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and justice J B Pardiwala told Bhutada, \"You are an IPS officer and we gave you full powers to investigate this case. You were specifically asked to bring to our notice if you face any problem. But you have not approached us once.\"The court asked her why she did not take action when she noticed that records related to the case had vanished. Earlier, the court had had asked the state government why it should not hand over the investigation to the CBI. Government pleader Prakash Jani had strongly objected to the proposition stating that the state government was ready to change the investigator. At the time it was suggested that the court may ask the CID (crime) or set up a special investigation team (SIT) to probe the case.The petitioners' counsel, on the other hand, insisted on transferring the probe to the central agency.This issue came to light last year, when 23 thalassemic children were found to have been infected with HIV during a test. The state government maintained that the children contracted the virus in a private hospital and not in a public hospital. A PIL was filed seeking a thorough investigation and a criminal application was filed in the high court demanding action against the culprits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14329048", "title": "Physio college at Government Medical College and Hospital faces disaffiliation", "text": "NAGPUR: The Physiotherapy School and Centre (PSC) at the Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) is once again facing threat of disaffiliation from the Maharashtra University of Health Sciences (MUHS). The university had issued a warning to GMCH to comply with the staff requirements in the first week of this month and given it time till June 30.The compliance requires creation of new posts by the state government and this has to be done by the directorate of medical education and research (DMER) and medical education department which have long been promising corrective measures but doing nothing. The DMER director Dr Pravin Shingare, however, claims he would not let the college lose affiliation. \"The minister is very keen on getting the posts sanctioned. The proposal is pending with finance department. We will assure the university in writing that the norms will be complied at the earliest. I am sure the university will consider it,\" he said.The four and half year graduation course of B.PT is being run at present by just four therapists and two lecturers of whom one, Dr Umanjali Damke, is also holding the additional charge as medical superintendent. As per university norms, for 30 students in each year the school needs at least two professors, four associate professors and three lecturers. Since 1995, when the course was a B. Sc degree, the government has neither promoted the lecturers nor created any new posts. Even as per old norms, college needed three lecturers but has just two. The medical superintendent retired a few months back and the post is vacant since then.The students are also fuming over the treatment being meted out to physiotherapy graduates. \"The recent advertisement of state health services is demanding just diploma holders while the course was long updated to four and half years and three year post graduation degrees. Isn't this humiliating? We are being treated as second grade professionals,\" a student said.The government's apathy is bothering them. They fear a repeat of 2003 when the school could not make any admissions. \"Students had to agitate to get the affiliation back in 2004,\" said another student. They say it is absurd that there have been no promotions of their teachers. Those who joined as lecturers in the 1990s are still at same post. \"Who will come here to teach,\" he added.MUHS conducted the latest inspection in March this year and sent a letter for compliance in first week of June. All the authorities could do was forward it to DMER. Interestingly, the university too doesn't seem serious about its own warning. MUHS vice-chancellor Arun Jamkar told TOI that though the college was asked to comply with the norms by June 30, it still had breathing space as there was no deadline for admissions whereas the deadline for other medical courses was July 15. \"If the DMER sends a request, the university will try to consider it and evaluate the issue in academic council before taking any further action,\" he said.TIMELINE1960- Department of physiotherapy starts in GMC only for treatment1963-64- two year diploma course with four month internship begins with one director, two therapists and ten students under Nagpur University1969-70- two year degree course starts with four month internship and ten students1976-77- degree course strength doubled to 20 and posts increased. Director converted to superintendent, one assistant superintendent and three lecturers1980-81- degree course duration increased to 3.5 years including six month internship1987-88- Degree course duration increased to four years including six month internship1993-94- Degree course made 4.5 years including six month internship.1998-99- MUHS takes over course2008-09- Student strength increased to 30HANDICAPPED COLLEGE* Teaching staff remains constant since 1976* July 2011 MUHS disaffiliates course* Jan 2012 GMCH sends proposal to government through DMER to create posts as per MUHS norms* June 2012 MUHS sends disaffiliation warning with June 30 deadline* So far no action taken", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14330120", "title": "Four pilgrims killed, 34 hurt %in Churu road accident", "text": "JAIPUR: Four pilgrims from the city were killed while 34 others injured when a private bus collided with a stationed truck at Hardeshpura in Churu in the wee hours on Thursday. They were heading back to Jaipur from Vaishno Devi.Around 52 pilgrims, most of them from Jaipur, were travelling in the bus when the accident took place. The four deceased were identified as Bani Park resident Pushpa Devi, Jhotwara resident Bhagat Singh, Vaishali Nagar resident Vijay Singh and Mohit a resident of Gurjar Ki Thadi, the police said.The police said that all the four persons died on the spot, while the other 34 injured were rushed to Sawai Man Singh (SMS) hospital, Jaipur. Six of them were seriously injured and are stated to be critical.The accident occurred when the driver failed to spot a truck on the road. The bus driver too suffered serious injuries was admitted in hospital. The police while investigating the matter found that the driver was not driving the bus. It was his assistant who was driving it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14330703", "title": "Evidence of ice in Moon crater?", "text": "WASHINGTON: Scientists claim to have found new evidence which suggests that the largest crater on the south pole of the moon may be tantalizingly rich in ice.The interiors of polar craters on the moon are in nearly perpetual darkness, making them cold traps that researchers have long suspected might be home to vast amounts of frozen water and thus key candidates for human exploration . However, previous orbital and Earth-based observations of lunar craters have yielded conflicting interpretations over whether ice is there.Now scientists who have mapped Shackleton Crater, which is more than 19km wide and 3km deep, with unprecedented detail have found evidence of ice inside the crater.Nasa's Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter illuminated the crater's interior with infrared laser light, measuring how reflective it was. The crater's floor is more reflective than that of other nearby craters , suggesting it had ice.\"Water ice in amounts of up to 20%is a viable possibility,\" study lead author Maria Zuber, a geophysicist at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , told SPACE.com. Don't get your hopes up, though. The amount of ice in Shackleton Crater \"can also be much less, conceivably as little as zero,\" Zuber cautioned.This uncertainty is due in part to what the researchers saw in the rest of the crater.Bizarrely, while the crater's floor was relatively bright, Zuber and her colleagues observed that its walls were even more reflective , the researchers reported in the journal Nature. Scientists had thought that if highly reflective ice were anywhere in a crater, it would be on the floor, which live in nearly permanent darkness.In comparison, the walls of Shackleton Crater occasionally see daylight, which should evaporate any ice that accumulates.Researchers think the reflectance of the crater's walls is due to quakes. Every once in a while, the moon experiences shaking brought on by meteor collisions or the pull of the Earth. These \"moonquakes\" may have caused Shackleton's walls to slough off older, darker soil, revealing newer , brighter soil underneath.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14328334", "title": "Everyone in Goa knows Konkani: South Goa MP", "text": "PANAJI: The Congress on Thursday continued to pressurize the Manohar Parrikar-led government on the medium of instruction (MoI) issue, demanding that the government should extend grant-in-aid to those schools that want to switch over from Konkani/Marathi to English in the current academic year.Goa Pradesh Congress Committee (GPCC) working president Francisco Sardinha said that the government has already given grants-in -aid to 127 schools which have switched to English medium, but wondered why the government was depriving other schools (that want to make the switch this year) from getting grants -in-aid.Sardinha, who is also South Goa's MP, said that now that the government has decided to give grants-in-aid to Konkani/Marathi schools, they should start creating awareness so that more students join them.The government has recently announced to continue grants-in-aid to 127 schools which switched over from Konkani/Marathi to English, and will continue till the academic authority submits its report on what the medium of instruction should be.Reacting to the recent announcement that the government will make compulsory written and oral tests in Konkani/Marathi for government jobs, Sardinha said that the government should only take oral interviews in Konkani. \"If the government takes the written test in Marathi, it would be backdoor entry for jobseekers from Maharashtra at the cost of Goans,\" Sardinha said.He gave the example of last year, when the post and telegraph office in Goa conducted interviews for various posts, there was a criterion that he/she should know Marathi, therefore around 70% of the vacancies were filled by youth from Maharashtra.He also said that everybody staying in Goa knows Konkani, even the Maharashtrians. \"If the government does not change this, then Goan youth will be deprived of government jobs,\" he said.The South Goa MP also said that the government should honour the decision of the previous government and recruit all the youth who had been issued offer letters, as the government is a continuous process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "14329462", "title": "Five held for helping Beed doctor couple", "text": "AURANGABAD: The Parli-Vaijanath police on Wednesday arrested five more people in connection with the death of Vijaymala Mahadeo Pattekar, a sugarcane harvester, at the Munde hospital owned by Sudam and Saraswati Munde.Those arrested included two relatives of the Sudam and Saraswati Mundes, two of their employees and the owner of the jeep which the doctor couple used to travel to several places to avoid arrest. The doctor couple had been booked under various sections of the IPC, especially Section 304 (culpable homicide not amounting to murder), which is a non-bailable offence.\"The five suspects were produced before the court of judicial magistrate first class D P Khandelwal on Thursday, who have been remanded in police custody till June 24,\" assistant government pleader Atul Tandale said on Thursday.The two female employees of the hospital have been identified as Noorjehan Syed Anwar (23) of Malikpura in Parli and Sugrabi Shaikh Rahim (40) of Gandhinagar in Ambejogai. The others include Gangadhar Sheshrao Gutte (45), a resident of Parli taluka and a close relative of Saraswati Munde; Angad Kalyanrao Kendre (35), a relative of Sudam Munde; and Dattatreya Kalyan Kakade (37), a resident of Murshidpur in Ashti taluka who had provided his jeep to the doctor couple to escape in a bid of avoid arrest.They were booked under IPC Section 212 (whenever an offence has been committed, whoever harbours or conceals a person whom he knows or has reason to believe to be the offender, with the intention of screening him from legal punishment) and Section 201 (causing disappearance of evidence of offence or giving false information to screen offender), Tandale said.Sudam and Sarswati Munde , the doctor couple earlier surrendered before the Parli police on June 17, after giving them a slip for about 26 days. They were wanted by the police for the death of Pattekar on May 18, during an operation to terminate her pregnancy. Pattekar was suspected to be carrying a female child that was aborted.The doctor couple was produced before the court on June 18, which granted them police custody for 12 days (till June 30). The police had earlier arrested Pattekar's husband Mahadeo, a resident of Bhopa in Dharur taluka in Beed district.Mahadeo Pattekar is in judicial custody, Tandale said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14330556", "title": "Governor appoints Jagruti Patel as Veer Narmad South Gujarat University's acting VC", "text": "SURAT: The dilemma over the appointment of an acting vice-chancellor of Veer Narmad South Gujarat University (VNSGU) ended on Wednesday with chancellor and governor Dr Kamla approving Jagruti Patel's name for the post. Patel will be acting VC till vice-chancellor Dr Dakshesh Thakar returns from his trip to the United Kingdom.Two groups were trying to get their nominee appointed to the post. However, the university administration was able to find a candidate who was acceptable to both the groups. Meanwhile, VNSGU authorities finalized the name of Patel and forwarded it for approval to the chancellor. Patel is known as a strict educationist. She is principal of V T Choksi Law College.The influential group in the university, which has close ties with the ruling BJP, wanted its nominee for the post. Similarly, a group associated with Congress too wanted its man appointed. Since the final approval was to come from the governor, who also happens to be the chancellor of the university, the group associated with BJP was not too sure about its choice getting the nod. In the past when ever an acting VC held charged, many sections had tried to get their pending work done. This has led to controversies later.Thakar was expected to leave on Thursday night for the United Kingdom to take part in a 15-day lecture series on 'Importance of education among Muslims'. He has been invited by Munshi Muslim Trust. He will return in July's first week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14333610", "title": "BVS Ravi joins Allu Sirish\u2019s Gauravam", "text": "Writer BVS Ravi, who earlier penned dialogues for films like \"King\", \"Munna\" and \"Paurugu\", has joined Radha Mohan's team for the bilingual film \"Gauravam\". Ravi, who made his directorial debut with \"Wanted\" starring Gopichand, will be assisting the story and direction team for the Telugu version of the film. Recently, Ravi worked with Gopi Mohan and Kona Venkat to pen the script for Mohan Babu's film.After tasting bitter with \"Wanted\", the writer is back to his script writing activity for \"Gauravam\" and his inputs and knowledge will surely add great value to the script. Wrote Allu Sirish , \"I thank BVS Ravi for coming onboard for the Telugu version on Gauravam. His inputs have elevated our script 2 another level. Excited!\"(sic).Allu Sirish and Yami Gautam are playing the lead roles in this film, which is produced by Prakash Raj is under Duet Movies banner. S S Thaman is composing the music and the shooting is expected to start shortly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "14330585", "title": "Road blockade in Silchar", "text": "SILCHAR: Mizoram and southern part of Assam's Cachar district was cut off from rest of the country since Thursday morning due to a road blockade on NH-306 in Silchar by an NGO.Hundreds of members of New Silchar Jana Jagaran Mancha (JJM) put up the blockade at Sonai Road point of the NH 306 (earlier NH-54) in Silchar from the morning, seeking immediate improvement of the inter-state road which is in an extremely dilapidated state for the past few years.Though the blockade ended in the evening, traffic movement was hit as parts of the national highway from Rangirkhari to Aulia were submerged due to torrential rain. Hundreds of vehicles are stranded on the national highway in Silchar, causing much harassment to commuters.\"We blocked the highway to put pressure on the administration for repairing it. But, no officer from the district administration or BRO took note of it,\" JJM general secretary Debojit Roy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14329644", "title": "Kerala to complete Socio-Economic Caste Census enumeration soon", "text": "KOCHI: The enumeration work for the Socio-Economic Caste Census (SECC) is almost over in Kerala, with the state among the list of few states that has taken a lead in completing the process.SECC, which has been launched for the first time in independent India, began in the state on April 10, and as per the plan, it was to be over on May 25. But the deadline was later extended to June 15.Barring Thiruvananthapuram corporation and some areas of Idukki district, the process is now nearly 100% complete in other parts of the state.A formal declaration is expected in the next couple of days, commissioner of rural development M Nandakumar told TOI here.As per the reports available with the Commissionarate of Rural Development on Monday, the work is already 100 per cent complete in Wayanad, Palakkad, Thrissur, Malappuram, Kasaragod, Ernakulam, and Kollam districts, while it hovers around 98 per cent in most of the other districts.However, in Thiruvananthapuram district it is only 82.8% while it is 80.4 % in Idukki district.Technical glitches in the tablet PCs meant for the enumeration work and paucity of enumerators were the main reasons for the delays in Thiruvananthapuram corporation area, while constraints in communication of enumeration reports was behind the slow progress in Idukki district.\"We have taken steps to complete the work on a war footing in those areas as well,\" he said. The SECC data of each area would be published in the respective local bodies soon after the enumeration is over.Those who do not wish to have their socio-economic status in the public domain will have to inform the authorities. But the eligibility for various government welfare schemes will depend on the SECC data, Nandakumar said. SECC enumeration is complete only in a few states such as Punjab, Haryana, Tripura and Himachal Pradesh while it is going on Andhra Pradesh , Karnataka, Tamil Nadu , Madhya Pradesh and Gujarat, and several other states. Its progress has been very slow in Maharashtra, West Bengal and Orissa, while the work has just started in Uttar Pradesh, P P Mitra, chief economic adviser in the Union Ministry of Rural DevelopmentMitra disclosed that SECC, launched in the country in June 2011 was likely to be complete across the country by December. Elections and other factors were delaying it in different states. \"But we are happy with its progress, given the constraints and diversities it has to tackle. The national level progress in terms of enumeration for SECC was 65 per cent,\" he said.Mitra made it clear that the cast data collected through SECC would not be published because of its sensitive nature. But the other socio-economic date would be published.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "puri", "code": "14329771", "title": "Govt climbs down ladder ban", "text": "PURI: Bowing to criticism from different quarters, the state government on Thursday scrapped its earlier decision of keeping the chariots out of bounds for devotees after they reach Gundicha temple. \"We changed our decision and would allow pilgrims on to the chariots. Ladders would be installed as usual for the convenience of devotees,\" Jagannath temple's chief administrator Arvind Padhee told TOI.\"Though the district collector and I were not in favour of the ladder system, the district police insisted on allowing pilgrims on to the chariots. We agreed as police would take care of the traffic and crowd management,\" Padhee said.The matter was discussed at a meeting chaired by chief secretary B K Patnaik here on Tuesday. The Times of India last week highlighted the resentment of devotees at the local administration's decision not to allow devotees on to the chariots.\"We had decided to keep the chariots out of bounds to avoid a recurrence of the 2011 skirmish. We have no problem if police handle the situation well,\" Puri district collector Arvind Agarwal said.The administration's decision to reintroduce ladder facility in chariots brought back smiles on the faces of the elders. \"We would have been deprived of the once-in-a-year opportunity to have a darshan of the Lord from close quarters. We are happy that the administration changed its decision,\" Dinabandhu Gochhayat, a senior citizen, said.The ladder system has been prevalent since 2006 to help pilgrims, mostly elders climb the chariots smoothly and safely at Gundicha temple. Prior to that, pilgrims used to climb the chariot floor in precarious manners. There were instances when pilgrims fell off while trying to climb the chariots. However, last year, inept handling of crowd turned violent on the second day of Rath Yatra when some policemen and a group of priests had engaged in a scuffle in front of chariots at Gundicha temple, injuring at least 30 people from both sides. Some devotees were also hurt in the ruckus. Trouble erupted when police prevented some priests from taking devotees on to the chariots through a ladder set up for coming down from a chariot. A priest allegedly cracked a coconut on the head of a constable, sparking a bloody brawl. While irate priests stopped rituals leaving the deities stranded on chariots for a day, government suspended four constables to quell the priests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14335806", "title": "Palghar maternity homes, sonography centres flout rules", "text": "MUMBAI: Health officials of Palghar taluka have written to the state government to cancel the licence of nine sonography centres and seven maternity clinics for failing to adhere to rules.The Thane collectorate had directed health officials of all its talukas to inspect maternity homes and sonography centres and watch out for illegal sex determination tests. Health officials of the takula inspected 23 sonography centres and 21 maternity homes.A number of sonography machines were found to be non-operational and were seized by health officials. The nine sonography centres had failed to maintain proper register of the number of number of sonography done and details about patients. In many cases, the centre had failed to renew its yearly licence and were operating the machines illegally.In case of the seven maternity clinics too records of the patients, abortions conducted and deliveries carried out were not registered. The clinics had failed to submit the records of the patients to the municipality which is mandatory.Most of the seven maternity homes did not have a full time doctor. Health officials found that three to four doctors were visited most of the maternity clinics in the taluka.Health officials have now written to the state government to cancel the licence of the sonography centres and maternity homes found flouting the rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14333165", "title": "Rajesh Khanna puts health rumours to rest", "text": "Reports that former matinee idol Rajesh Khanna's health may have worsened have whipped up a frenzy of sorts on television and the Internet, not to mention the mad rush of fans and media persons waiting outside the superstar's bungalow Aashirwad.Hence, it was heartening to see 'the original superstar of Hindi cinema' step out into his balcony, along with estranged wife Dimple Kapadia and son in-law Akshay Kumar , to greet the crowds. And while the actor looked weak and frail; a mere shadow of his former self, the victory sign he flashed was perhaps a reassurance that he is better now.On June 20, we had told you how Khanna had stopped eating and was being attended by doctors every day, and how his family has been by his side throughout. With 15 consecutive super hits in the late sixties and early seventies, Rajesh Khanna earned the distinction of being the 'first superstar' of the Hindi film industry. Recently, he appeared in a television commercial shot by adman-turned-filmmaker R Balki.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14335326", "title": "'She's a playa' - inspired by true story", "text": "The song brings to life his signature sound with a mix of Hindi and English vocals.'This song was inspired by a true story, that of a friend's relationship with his girl. The idea behind the song emerged from that and everything fell into place. As an artist, it's been one of the best songs I've produced and sung', said Parichay, gearing up for the upcoming release of the song.Still basking in the success of his recent Bollywood hit 'Chandni, O Meri Chandni', from the film Char Din Ki Chandni, Parichay is currently working on other Bollywood projects for the latter part of the year. Back in the studio after a few months of touring the globe, he has several mainstream projects and collaborations in the pipeline as well. With his recent success in Bollywood, 2012 will continue to a big year for Parichay.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14327540", "title": "Residence of home minister\u2019s kin burgled", "text": "BHOPAL: The house of state home minister Uma Shankar Gupta's sister in the city was burgled late on Wednesday night.Police have said that the victim, Shashikanta Gupta, resides in Tulsi Nagar and no valuables were missing from the house except some files and a mobile handset.The burglary came to their notice on Thursday morning and the matter was reported to the police by her son Ashish.Police said it was suspected that the thief entered the house through the back door of the house. The complainant reported that accused only took way some files and a mobile phone. No valuable was stolen, she stated in the complaint.Further investigations were on into the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "14328908", "title": "No more breakthrough in Borda poaching case", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Forest officials are searching the properties of the relatives of five accused arrested in the Borda tiger poaching case. Still investigators have not got any more breakthrough.Five persons were arrested in the case from Ghanta Chouki village recently. Three turned out to be waterhole watchers and two casual labourers of FDCM. But interrogators failed to recover any concrete information about tiger poaching from them. After they were remanded to judicial custody by court, forest officials have started searching at the residences and farms of their relatives for missing body parts.Search was carried out in Asegaon, Janala and Gilbili villages but no evidence was recovered about tiger poaching, sources said. Investigators however recovered two antlers from Rupdas Veladi's residence in Gilbili on Wednesday evening. As he was not available at home during the search, a notice has been issued to him to appear before local forest officer, they said.Investigators are confident of the involvement of the arrested accused in tiger poaching. However they are facing difficulty in establishing their connection with poaching. \"We have learnt that tendu leave collectors have seen the accused poachers dragging the dead tiger in jungle adjacent to place where tiger's cropped carcass was found. But due to fear none of eye witnesses has come forward to give the details. Our men are desperately searching the jungle around the spot to trace the location where tiger was poached and cut into pieces,\" said an officer involved in the investigation.Forest officers are trying to approach every tendu leaves collector who was in that area on the fateful day. Though they have failed to find the location where tiger was poached, but they suspect that poaching was carried out with the help of wire traps in nearby jungle where carcass was recovered, sources claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14328959", "title": "Spanish, English classes for backward youths in West Bengal", "text": "KOLKATA: Truly enthused by the poribartan motto, the Mamata Banerjee government has devised a unique way to empower job aspirants hailing from backward classes. It wants SC, ST and OBC graduates to learn both Spanish and English. According to the powers that be, learning two foreign languages will open avenues for the backwards and help them find jobs.Backward classes welfare minister Upen Biswas said, \"It's one of our many endeavours to bring these people to the mainstream. Reservations alone won't help. Those belonging to the SC, ST and OBC must be equipped with job-oriented training.\"The state backward classes welfare department plans to begin the one-year language course on August 12. The classes will be held at the Cultural Research Institute in Kankurgachhi and the Sidhu Kanu Dahar Bhavan in Salt Lake and any graduate person will be eligible for it. While 30 students will be inducted in the first phase, there are plans to enroll 60 students in the second batch. The initial expenditure of the project has been pegged at Rs 30 lakh. The department wishes to extend the training even to towns like Siliguri, Durgapur, Asansol etc.But why this particular Spanish-English combination? The department that conducted a study ahead of the project has a convincing answer on offer. With well over 35 million Spanish speakers in the US and with over 40% of the population growth being among the Hispanic people, the stage is set for an enormous increase in Spanish usage in the US - the epicentre of the IT and ITES business. Also, Spanish is popular in Europe and is the second most popular second language after English. With some 400 million speakers, Spanish is the fourth most commonly spoken language in the world. But if you count only native speakers, Spanish outranks English. Also, it is an official language of four continents and the mother tongue in 21 countries.No wonder language experts and teachers of Ramakrishna Institute of Culture voted for the Spanish-English combo at a recent meeting with backward classes welfare department. \"We realised that in the context of globalisation, this combination would be an instant hit with students and provide them an extra edge in the job market,\" Biswas said.Suranjan Bhanja, chief executive officer (CEO) of the US-based Adapt International, said, \"Call-centres and software companies are always trying to tap clients in Latin America, Europe and African countries where Spanish is the lingua franca. Naturally, they would look for hands adept at these soft skills,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14328051", "title": "DV Sadananda Gowda may have to put cabinet expansion on hold", "text": "BANGALORE: Chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda may find it difficult to expand his cabinet as planned earlier following former CM BS Yeddyurappa being granted anticipatory bail on Thursday,If bail had been rejected, Gowda would have been at liberty to drop some Yeddyurappa loyalists or changed their portfolios as they handle plum ones. Gowda is already flooded with demands from aspirants for a cabinet berth. The exercise could leave some unhappy and make Gowda's life miserable.Yeddyurappa might also cause some concern during the presidential polls as he has expressed his personal view that UPA nominee Pranab Mukherjee is a better choice. His supporters have decided to ask the leadership not to issue a whip and permit everyone to cast a conscience vote.The Gowda-Yeddyurappa equation hit a new low after the CM's letter in March to the central leadership seeking action against some dissident ministers. Yeddyurappa retaliated by complaining to the party bosses of Gowda's \"casteist statements\". The latest is Gowda ordering an inquiry against excise minister M P Renukacharya (a Yeddyurappa loyalist) following a complaint by a JD(S) functionary of money extortion by excise offices in Hassan district.Soon after high court granted him bail, Yeddyurappa's followers burst crackers and distributed sweets. \"I'm happy about this and have full faith in the judiciary,\" Yeddyurappa told reporters. He asked his followers not to celebrate till he's completely exonerated. \"I'll voluntarily appear before CBI officials and produce the documents they seek and be present when they summon me,\" he said. State BJP president K S Eshwarappa said the bail was good news for the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14328320", "title": "Rape victim attempts suicide", "text": "MARGAO: A rape victim attempted to commit suicide in her flat on Thursday afternoon by slashing her wrists. On getting the information, police went to her flat and rushed her to the Hospicio hospital, Margao.Colva police had, earlier this month, arrested the person accused of raping this woman from a place at Kolhapur. The accused had assured the victim of marrying her but failed to keep his word. He even made the victim sell her flat and fled with the 5 lakh that she had got from selling the apartment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "14327565", "title": "Liquor scam: ACB questions TDP MLA for four hours", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Visakha East MLA Velagapudi Ramakrishna Babu of TDP was grilled for almost four hours on Thursday by the Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) cops for his alleged involvement in the liquor syndicate racket in the port city. Sources said Babu had allegedly mediated between the liquor syndicates and people's representatives.Sources said he, along with others, was sent to Hyderabad in a flight by the syndicates to strike the deal. The ACB sleuths found details of flight tickets booked in his name in one of the syndicates' books seized during the raids a month and a half ago.Ramakrishna Babu, a first time MLA, was part of the liquor syndicates before he entered active politics and ran several wine shops in the city. ACB cops reportedly questioned him about his alleged links with four syndicates in the port city. Babu said he was a liquor businessman but had become inactive after entering politics. \"If anyone proves that I was involved with the syndicates, I will quit politics,\" he said. He, however, admitted that one of the liquor syndicates, Jana Priya, was a close friend.In the evening, the ACB cops grilled former corporator of Pendurthy area, Saragadam China Appalanaidu, as his name was listed in the accounts of syndicate Pusharini Ganesh. So far, the ACB cops have interrogated three persons close to roads and building minister Dharmana Prasada Rao, including his son Ram Manohar Naidu, personal assistant Ravi Sankar and one of his henchmen Appa Rao, besides a relative Chinni. Personal assistant of Narasannapet MLA Krishna Das of YSR CP, Sai, was also grilled by the ACB.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "14327573", "title": "SC leaders demand Botsa's suspension", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The SC/ST sub-plan committee meeting held here on Thursday was rocked by the Lakshmipet issue. SC associations demanded suspension of PCC chief Botsa Satyanarayana and his wife Jhansi, who is Vizianagaram MP, from Congress. They alleged that the government has failed to take any action against the persons responsible for the attack on SCs in Lakshmipet of Srikakulam even ten days after the incident in which five dalits died.The police dragged the protesters out of the Andhra University convocation when they raised their voice against the government and shouted slogans against the authorities. Dalit leader Kottapalli Venkata Ramana, Dalita Hakkula Porata Samithi president V Venkata Rao and Srikakulam dalit association leader Bokara Narayana Rao alleged that Botsa and his wife were sheltering the attackers.They complained that former MP P Botsa Vasudeva Rao, a relative of the PCC chief, was the architect behind the attack on dalits. Damodar Rajanarasimha, the deputy CM, assured the agitators that persons responsible for the Lakshmipet incident would be punished. Even as the deputy CM was assuring the protestors, CPM dalit leader Lokanatham and minister Kondru Murali exchanged heated words.Ministers Balaraju, Pitani Chandrasekhar, Kondru Murali, Geeta Reddy and Dokka Manikya Varaprasad participated in the workshop while other members Anam Ramnarayana Reddy, Sailajanath and Erasu Pratap Reddy were absent. The committee will conduct a meeting at Paderu on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14327703", "title": "Healthcare expansion plans hit heritage bottleneck at Osmania General Hospital", "text": "HYDERABAD: Heritage first or healthcare? The debate is currently raging in the corridors of the Osmania General Hospital, a heritage structure, after the government mooted the construction of an eight-storied new wing on the hospital premises. While the hospital fraternity points to the pressing need of a complex to cater to its increasing requirements, the Heritage Conservation Committee of HMDA maintains that the modern and massive structure will not just veil the grandeur of the century-old building constructed by the VII Nizam Mir Osman Ali Khan but also pose a threat to it.It was after reviewing the construction plans that the Heritage Conservation Committee (HCC) members pointed out that a multistoried complex close to the main hospital building cannot become a reality as this would mean flouting heritage norms. The committee has now asked the AP Health and Medical Housing and Infrastructure Development Corporation (APHMHIDC) that is executing the project to resubmit the proposal. \"Proposal should be redrawn to the shoulder level of the existing building and not exceed the height of the heritage structure,\" the HCC letter stated.As per the plan, the Rs 200 crore multi-storied block would be constructed on a six acre land in between the outpatient building and the heritage building. The nursing school that occupies a portion of this land would be dismantled to make way for the new building.Now the authorities at APHMHIDC say that they are requesting HMDA to allow them to go ahead with the proposed construction. Officials reasoned that if the height is restricted to the existing building, they would be able to construct only a ground plus two storey building, which is hugely inadequate to the hospital's requirement. \"We are requesting HMDA to allow us to exceed the height of the existing structure. If they do not give permission, we cannot take up the construction at the designated site. We will have to explore other possibilities,\" said J Syamala Rao, managing director, APHMHIDC.It was only recently that the state government accorded administrative sanction for this new complex, several years after the project was announced. And with the present confusion, the project is likely to get delayed further, Osmania Hospital doctors said. \"As the project gets delayed, the costs will automatically shoot up. The building is being constructed in the interest of public and heritage norms should be waived in this case. The demands of the committee are unreasonable. Just for a lime and mortar structure, we cannot risk the lives of thousands of patients,\" said a senior official at the hospital.Furthermore, the heritage conservation committee members said that new construction should not negate the architectural character of the existing heritage building and have asked the corporation to conduct a detailed study of the existing heritage building and come up with a conservation strategy. And as per APHMHIDC's estimates, the conservation costs are pegged at an estimated Rs 6 crore. Officials said that the proposal regarding the same has been sent to the state government for approval.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14329047", "title": "High demand: East Delhi worst hit", "text": "NEW DELHI: East Delhi residents faced a harrowing time on Thursday as the city's peak power demand touched a new high of 5,271 MW.The huge demand was triggered by the searing heat as the maximum temperature settled at 43 degrees Celsius, five degrees above normal. The morning was no better with the minimum temperature being recorded at 33.6 degrees Celsius, six degrees above normal.Several colonies in east Delhi faced interruptions in power supply throughout the day, specially during the afternoon hours. Delhi Transco officials, who attributed the power cuts to the tripping of a line, said that although they managed to take help from alternate lines, some disturbance in power supply was inevitable. A Transco spokesperson said, \"Due to the snapping of a jumper on the 220KV Badarpur-Noida-Gazipur circuit of Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Ltd (UPPCL), supply of power to Delhi at 7.55am was disrupted. It led to rotational load shedding in east Delhi areas like Patparganj, Vivek Vihar, Mayur Vihar, Kondli, Khichripur, Dilshad Garden, Nand Nagari, Wazirabad, Gonda, Kanti Nagara and Seelampur.\" While the fault was expected to be repaired by 4pm, things didn't improve till late evening.Ajay Sood from Mayur Vihar Phase II said there was no electricity for over an hour till he left for work at 10am. \"Fortunately, we have an inverter so we did not face too much of a problem. But outages lasting for shorter durations have become routine now,\" he said. Patparganj resident Meena Sharma complained of very low voltage adding that power supply played truant throughout the day.Going by the last few weeks, wherein the power demand has set new records, power sector experts expect the peak power demand this year to cross the 5,500 MW mark. So far, the rise in 2012 has surpassed the trend seen in the last 20 years or so. \"Barring one or two exceptional years, usually the annual peak demand is recorded in the second fortnight of July or early August. This year, however, we have been witnessing a a new high almost every other week. We are now anticipating that by the time we hit July-August, the power consumption in Delhi will be above 5,500 MW,\" said an official.Met officials have warned that the next few days are expected to get hotter. Maximum temperatures are likely to rise by two degrees across northwest India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14321356", "title": "Million dollar sports stars", "text": "A recently released list of richest sportspersons of the year 2012, reveals staggering figures in the paycheques of our global sporting idols. The top 10 sportspeople (mentioned in the list) together have made $1.5 billion in the last 12 months (including prize money and endorsements) and still counting. With such big bucks involved, sporting encounters sure sound a whole lot of fun!MS Dhoni races ahead of Usian Bolt, Sachin Tendulkar and Novak Djokovic and ranks 31 in a list of richest sportspersons of 2012.The top linersHe earned a mouthwatering $85 million this year playing twice this year. Floyd Mayweather Jr, also known as Money (no pun intended!), came out of jail on charges of beating his ex-girlfriend tops the just released list of the richest sportspersons in the world, toppling Tiger Woods, who's occupied that slot since 2001. Second in that list is Floyd's arch rival Manny Pacquiao, who earned $65 million.With global brands eyeing for a piece of the best in every sport, these sports stars have struck eye-popping deals to the effect of retaining themselves in the top five money spinning slot. Tiger Woods, despite a dip in his performance and the sex scandal controversy is in the third spot.Following these three money makers are LeBron James (basketball $53 million), Roger Federer (tennis, $52.7 million); Kobe Bryant (basketball, $52.3 million); Phil Mickelson (golf, $47.8 million); David Beckham, (soccer, $46 million); Cristiano Ronaldo (soccer, $42.5 million); and Peyton Manning (American football, $42.4 million).The only two women to make to the top 100 are Maria Sharapova (26) and Li Na (81) with net earnings of $27.9 million and $18.4 million respectively. With plum endorsements, Maria is the hottest on and off the courts.Indians ShineMahi (MS Dhoni) has made it to the top 50 richest sportspersons, beating biggies like Master Blaster Sachin Tendulkar, sprint king Usian Bolt and six time champion Novak Djokovic. At number 31, Dhoni emerged as the only Indian to be in the top 50 with a net worth of $26.5 million ($23 million in endorsements) rocketing past soccer legend Lionel Messi in endorsements (Messi earns $4 million less than Mahi).With Sachin ranking 78 in the list with net earnings of $18.6 million, it's a different story now. Others in the list are Yuvraj Singh (approximately $5.5 million), Rahul Dravid ($5 million) and Jeev Milkha Singh ($2.5 million).Cricket's the winner when it comes to big bucks. Other sportspersons figure only in thousands and the likes of Saina Nehwal ($44,455) are just mere reflections of the millions made by the cricket stars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14328127", "title": "Release of Konkani book at Quepem", "text": "'Rajyachi Aast, Bhogli Khyast', a Konkani book in the children's literature category written by Eknath Gaonkar will be released at a function to be organized at Raya Chambers, Quepem, on June 23 at 4.30pm. The book has been published by Pandu Publications, Quepem. The book will be released in the presence of Quepem MLA Chandrakant Kavlekar, Sanguem MLA Subhash Phaldessai and Konkani writer Jayanti Nayak.Krav Maga self defence seminar cum workshop: Eyal Yanilov of Krav Maga Global (KMG) will conduct a seminar in Krav Maga self defence on July 1, from 9am to 12 noon, at Clube Gaspar Dias, Miramar. For details contact Elroy Vaz (Ph: 9820059070, 9821273715).Vipassana course for children: Goa Vipassana Samiti (GVS) will organize a day-long course for children on June 24, from 9.30am to 3.45pm, at Queen Laura, Alto Porvorim. Children should bring their own vegetarian snacks, lunch and drinking water, states a press note.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14328671", "title": "TCS staff sore; firm sweetens deal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even as the ministry of external affairs announced that passport offices will function on both weekends, TCS staffers from the passport seva kendra at Herald House, ITO, came to The Times of India office to express their displeasure over the announcement. They said they were kept completely out of the loop by the management and that the new order was merely thrust upon them.\"It is unfair that we have been asked to put in extra hours at work without any provision of compensation. We are already under tremendous pressure due to the volume of applications. Each one of us has been stretched to the limit already. We aren't taking home fat pay cheques. Why should we do this voluntary work?\" said an aggrieved Tata Consultancy Services employee.The disturbed look on their faces gave ample hint of the trouble within the organization. There have been allegations of TCS staff not getting along well with government officials and that of passport employees' union resisting the PPP model project. A lot of our readers, too, had pointed this out. TOI, therefore, questioned senior MEA officials if there was indeed any lack of synergy between the public and private employees. \"There were some problems in adjustments initially. But things are fine now. Our employees' union has also willingly pitched in to work on both weekends for the benefit of people,\" said Raghavendra Shastry, adviser to minister of external affairs, S M Krishna.Reacting to the development, Pradipta Bagchi, spokesperson, TCS, said, \"TCS employees at the Delhi PSKs will work on Saturday to help the MEA fulfil the demand for passports. They will be compensated as per company policy which includes conveyance expense and meal allowance. This is an important project for the country and TCS staffers will play their role to make it a resounding success.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "model town extension", "code": "14330783", "title": "Prabhdeep Kaur Batra first Gursikh pilot with Indian Coast Guard", "text": "MODEL TOWN EXTENSION: Prabhdeep Kaur Batra, a resident of Model Town Extension, who has become the first Gursikh girl from Punjab to become a pilot with Indian Coast Guard and be awarded \"Wings of Gold\" sees her success as a fitting answer to all those who practice female foeticide. On Sunday, she will be honoured by Sikh Gurdwara Prabandhak Committee for the achievement.Prabhdeep said she was one of the nine pilots at the 78th Helicopter Conversion Course (HCC) and only two women pilots including her and Rupal Kaur Lamba from Delhi were awarded the assistant commandant rank in ICG. The \"Wings of Gold\" were awarded with a certificate in the passing out parade on June 9 by chief guest vice-admiral Sunil Lamba.\"I have earned the 'Wings of Gold' and I cherish the achievement. The love and support of my parents has helped me achieve my dream,\" said Prabhdeep, who got her commercial pilot licence (CPL) in 2008 from Sydney, Australia. In 2010, she got her licence converted to Indian CPL and was commissioned in Indian Coast Guard in 2011. Prabhdeep then took helicopter training for five months at INS Rajali in Tamil Nadu and trained in sea flying for a week at INS Parundu in Ramanathapuram.Her father, Gurdip Singh, a businessman said there has been a flow of congratulatory calls for his daughter since word got around. \"She has not only made us proud but also all the women of the country. Members of the Sikh community are also organizing a special function on Sunday to honour her,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14333202", "title": "Rains may trigger more accidents in Pune", "text": "NAGPUR: City police, struggling to keep check on deaths in road mishaps, may find their task tougher in the monsoon season with most roads in city a bad condition.City police's traffic wing has expressed concern that the number of accidents may increase in the rain-drenched months.City has already witnessed 122 deaths in 448 accidents in the first five months of this year. Though there were more accidents last year, the number of deaths was only 101.Citing more fatalities, senior officials have cautioned the citizens, particularly bikers, to observe safety rules and follow traffic regulations. \"Rain reduces visibility and increases the possibilities of skidding as roads become slippery. It is of utmost importance to drive at controlled speed in the rains,\" said a senior traffic official.He also expressed his disappointment that the concerned civic authorities and other departments did not pay any heed to cops' repeated suggestions to attend to bad stretches and crater-like potholes before monsoon. \"Bad roads and pot-holes are set to play killers once again,\" he said.\"The civic bodies should also have wrapped up their digging work on roads but they did not complete it before the rains and now the work would stop making the roads even more dangerous,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14329523", "title": "Police seize DVDs of sexual abuse", "text": "COIMBATORE: Police have seized incriminating footage of Gym Hakkim, who had been arrested on Tuesday for murder, forcing students from a private collage on the outskirts of the city, to engage in homosexual activities. There are 16 DVDs in all, which contain footage of the notorious criminal forcing 16 students to participate in homosexual activities.A fitness freak from Kuniamathur, Hakkim has several cases against him, including rape and intimidation. He was arrested on Tuesday for his involvement in the murder of M Sahaya Raj, whose death was initially considered to be a suicide.Police came upon the DVDs while searching the premises of Gym Hakkim's close friend. They have also seized a laptop and iphone from his residence. According to police sources, Hakkim had recorded the sexual activities of the students using a video camera and later used the footage to blackmail them into giving him money worth several lakhs of rupees. As the victims are not willing to lodge formal complaints, police are wondering how to proceed with the case.Hakkim had lured students into his net with the help of two of his cousins studying at a private college on the outskirts of the city. The cousins brought students to his residence, inviting them for parties and offering them alcohol. As the party progressed, he supplied female sex workers to the students and secretly videotaped their sexual encounters. Using these videos, he blackmailed the students into engaging in homosexual activities with each other for his vicarious pleasure. Having successfully videotaped them engaging in homosexual activities, he used the footage to extort huge amounts of monies from them.Recently, the son of a retired revenue divisional officer in Coimbatore was caught in Hakkim's net and had to pay lakhs of rupees to avoid public exposure. He had also approached the city police for help but was unwilling to lodge a formal complaint. However, this propelled the officials to interrogate Hakkim based on which they searched his friend's residence and came upon the DVDs.According to sources, the students were threatened by Hakkim frequently and they were terrified of him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14330523", "title": "Diamantaire defaults on Rs 1 cr payment", "text": "SURAT: The world's biggest diamond cutting and polishing industry in Surat is under severe liquidity pressure. A diamond merchant dealing in polished diamonds disappeared from the Mahidharpura diamond market after defaulting on the payments worth Rs 1 crore belonging to the diamond manufacturers on Wednesday.This is the sixhth incident of default in the industry in as many months when diamond merchants have defaulted on payment of Rs 7 crore. Market sources said there is a severe liquidity crisis in the diamond industry following the weakening of rupee against dollar and the resistance of the diamond dealers in Mumbai and Surat in the polished diamonds asking prices rates by the domestic and international buyers.Sources said the defaulter diamond merchant had purchased polished diamonds on credit from more than dozen-odd manufacturers. The health of the diamond industry is evident from the export of polished diamonds registered in the first two month of the financial year 2012-13.As per the statistics released by the Gems and Jewellery Export Promotion Council ( GJEPC), India exported $1.33 billion worth of polished diamonds in April-12 registering a 35 per cent decline compared to the same month in the previous year.Again in May, the exports slowed down significantly. India exported $1.24 billion worth of polished diamonds in May, a 6.7 per cent decline compared to April and a 44 per cent decline compared to the same month in previous year.The average value of gross export has also declined compared to the preceding month, down 18.4 per cent to $483.62 per carat. \"We have already warned the diamond manufacturers on the payment conditions as there is liquidity crisis going on in the industry from the past few months,\" said a senior office-bearer of Surat Diamond Association (SDA).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14334391", "title": "Singur act unconstitutional and void, rules Calcutta high court", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Calcutta high court on Friday held the Singur Land Rehabilitation and Development Act, 2011 as unconstitutional and void. A division bench of the high court gave the verdict on Tata Motors' appeal against a single judge order.Justices Pinaki Chandra Ghosh and Mrinal Kanti Chowdhury set aside an earlier single bench order that had upheld the Act. The implementation of the order will be stayed for two months by the court to allow the aggrieved party to appeal before a higher court.Tata Motors had challenged the order of the single bench of the Calcutta high court which had upheld the Singur Land Rehabilitation and Development Act, 2011, by which the West Bengal government vested the land leased to the company at Singur, before the division bench of the Court.Tata Motors had appealed against the order of Justice I P Mukerji, which was passed on September 28 last year.Justice Mukerji had held the Singur Land Rehabilitation and Development Act 2011 to be constitutional.The court had, however, ordered on September 28 an unconditional stay of the judgement till November two to allow any aggrieved party to file an appeal, if it so desired.Tata Motors had been leased 997 acre at Singur in Hooghly district, about 40 km from here, by the previous Left Front government for its Nano car project, billed as the cheapest car.The Trinamool Congress , which was then the main opposition in West Bengal, had demanded return of 400 acre to farmers unwilling to give land for the project.Tata Motors had moved to Sanand in Gujarat in 2008 citing law and order problems, but had kept possession of the leased land at Singur.After coming to power in May 2011, chief minister Mamata Banerjee had the Singur Act passed in the assembly as one of her government's first major legislations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14329393", "title": "PMC to file cases against two more nursing homes", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation will be filing court cases against two more nursing homes - one in Hadapsar and the other in Vadgaonsheri - for operating without licence. Also, the two nursing homes have MTP (medical termination of pregnancy) centres attached to them which, too, were functioning without registration. The erring nursing homes and the abortion centres attached to them were discovered during an inspection drive conducted in the last two daysMedical officer of health, S T Pardeshi, on Thursday said, \"The nursing homes did not have the mandatory licence from the PMC, nor were the MTP centres registered with the state government.\"At the MTP centre attached to the nursing home, located at Gadital in Hadapsar, we found that it did not have a registration. Further investigations revealed that the nursing home itself did not have a licence to operate. The other nursing home at Vadgaonsheri was being run by a homeopath without a licence. The MTP centre attached to it too was being run without registration,\" Pardeshi said.\"Court cases will be filed against the two nursing homes under the Bombay Nursing Home Registration Act. We have also urged the civil surgeon to derecognise the MTP centres,\" Pardeshi said.The city has 269 MTP centres and 422 sonography centres. From October 2011 to April this year, 4,125 foetuses were aborted within 12 weeks of pregnancy and 222 foetuses, between 12 and 20 weeks of pregnancy.Among the 269 recognised MTP centres in Pune, 76 are allowed to carry out MTPs between 12 and 20 weeks of pregnancy, while the rest are allowed to terminate pregnancies prior to 12 weeks.As per the MTP Act 1971, abortion can be done within 12 weeks of pregnancy if there is a risk to the life of the woman or the child, who may suffer serious abnormalities. Pregnancy as a result of rape can also be terminated. Contraception failure is another ground to terminate pregnancy.Beyond 12 weeks, however, abortion can be done only on the written advice of at least two registered medical practitioners. Also, this can be done only up to the end of the 20th week. \"A district MTP monitoring committee, headed by a civil surgeon, can take any action pertaining to de-recognising of an MTP centre,\" officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14329601", "title": "India, Germany to discuss eurozone crisis next week", "text": "NEW DELHI: India will discuss the eurozone situation with Germany when foreign minister S M Krishna meets his counterpart Guido Westerwelle this week for a bilateral meeting in Bangalore. The meeting comes close on the heels of the G-20 summit in Mexico, where Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , while committing $10 billion to the Eurozone, hit out at Germany saying that austerity measures alone in debt-ridden economies are not going to solve the problem.Without mincing words, Singh said that the crisis in European banking system was going to prevent economic growth not just in Europe but the world at large. In a direct message to Germany, Europe's economic engine that continues to insist on austerity, Singh had said in his speech earlier this week that austerity in the debt-ridden members of the Eurozone can work only \"if surplus members are willing to expand to offset contraction elsewhere in the currency area\".German officials said Thursday that recent developments in Eurozone will figure prominently in the talks. They said that the evolving situation against the backdrop of the recently concluded Afghan summit and India's ever-increasing strategic role in Asia's security architecture would also be discussed in the meeting.This will be Westerwelle's third visit to India after taking over as the foreign minister. \"Germany and India share a valuable partnership. Over the years we have developed a close dialogue on strategic issues - bilateral, regional and global,\" he said before leaving for India.Westerwelle is accompanied by a 50-member high-ranking delegation, consisting of leading German company heads. The talks between the two ministers will, among others, focus on enhancing bilateral trade, strengthening cooperation in the fields of green technologies, environmental protection, as well as higher education, IT sector and the Blue Card scheme that is meant to facilitate immigration for skilled workers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14329097", "title": "Woman dies of burn injuries", "text": "NAGPUR: A woman committed suicide by setting herself ablaze because her husband was not employed and could not educate or feed their two children. The 21-year-old, Deepika Rovale, set herself ablaze on June 16, and died on Wednesday night at Government Medical College and Hospital.Deepika's husband Pramod is jobless and they have a nine-year-old son and eight-month-old daughter.Investigating officer PSI KT Undare said Rovale told them that she was upset as Pramod was unemployed since last few months. \"He could not arrange for money to provide for food or clothes for her kids or educate them,\" Deepika told the cops.Deepika set herself ablaze at her Misal Layout residence in Barakholi under the jurisdiction of Jaripatka police station on June 16. She was pronounced dead after four days of treatment at Indira Gandhi Government Medical College and Hospital (IGGMCH) on Wednesday night.However, Pramod claim that it wasn't a suicide but an accident. He said, \"She caught fire while lighting gas stove in the kitchen.\" Police have so far registered a case of accidental death.When asked about Deepika's statement to the cops, Pramod claimed that he is working under a caterer and earns good money. He denied that lack of money led to Deepika's suicide.Police said the couple would have regular quarrels over Pramod being jobless and the lack of money at home. \"She said that she could not see her children starving and crying for clothes. But Pramod was not serious about earning and would spend mostly on liquor,\" said police.Relatives said Deepika had made up her mind to end her life. She took the drastic step in the absence of her husband and children. \"Around 12.30pm, she was alone at home. Pramod had gone to a friend's house and the kids were playing with neighbours,\" said a relative.Deepika's screams alerted the neighbours who rushed her to IGGMCH. With over 70% burn injuries, she died during treatment at ward no. 3. After the post mortem at IGGMCH, the body was handed over to Deepika's parents. Cops said Deepika's parents have not preferred any complaint against Pramod.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14328699", "title": "Monsoon arrives underthe shadow of 'Talim'", "text": "LUCKNOW: The monsoon hit Uttar Pradesh on Thursday, a week behind the normal date. It is expected to reach the city in the next 48 hours. Till then hot and humid weather conditions will prevail. Though sky will be partly cloudy, maximum temperature in the city may go up to 42 degrees Celsius. But at the same time, there are also possibilities of thunder showers due to high humidity level in the atmosphere.The northern limit of the monsoon on Thursday was passing through Gorakahpur and Varanasi. Light to moderate rainfall was reported from the areas in UP bordering Bihar. Though the monsoon has arrived, the 'intensity is low', hence possibilities of heavy rainfall are less. The weatherman, however, is hopeful that it will gather pace in next 48 hours because of presence of an upper air cyclonic circulation over east UP.The weather in the city on Thursday continued to be hot and humid. The maximum temperature was 41.8 degrees Celsius, which was five degrees above normal. In Met terminology, temperature above five degrees during summers qualifies to be heat wave. The minimum temperature was 27.4 degrees Celsius. The sky was partly cloudy during the day but the 'discomfort level' soared due to increase in heat and humidity level.People are keeping their fingers crossed following reports about possibilities of tropical storm 'Talim' in the South China Sea taking the steam out of monsoon. The reason for apprehension is that under similar circumstances in 2010, the monsoon was delayed by over 20 days. And, when it arrived in July, the currents were weak, leading to deficient rainfall. As a result, many parts of the state were hit by drought.State Met director JP Gupta, who had predicted accurately about monsoon arrival in UP, was hopeful about the current picking pace. \"Right now the intensity of the monsoon currents is moderate but it is expected to increase in coming days and cover other parts of the state. The rainfall is also expected to be normal\", he said, while elaborating on several other reasons like wind pattern and humidity which influence monsoon.The normal date of monsoon arrival in the country is June 1, UP - June 15 and Lucknow June 18. This year, monsoon arrived in India (Kerala coast) on June 4, four days behind schedule. Its advancement was also erratic. It lost steam soon after arrival and picked up pace on June 16. The formation of low pressure area over the Bay of Bengal played a major role in monsoon advancement into the state.On Thursday, eastern parts of the state covered by monsoon recorded below 40 degrees Celsius maximum temperatures. However, other parts reeled under hot and humid weather conditions. Etawah was hottest with 44 degrees Celsius maximum temperature followed by Agra with 43.7 degrees Celsius, Fatehgarh and Hamirpur - 43.2 degrees Celsius each, Kanpur and Aligarh - 42.6 degrees Celsius each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14327778", "title": "Auspicious showers give Rath Yatra a miss this year", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It is believed that it always rains on the Rath Yatra day. Called 'Amee Chanta', the little droplets of rain are considered blessings from the heaven for the Lord. On Thursday, devotees waited for the heavens to open up, just that little bit, to send a pious sign. But, there was none.Chief minister Narendra Modi , who is facing assembly elections later this year, also said, \"On the occasion of Rath Yatra, I pray at Lord's feet that even this year the rains should be good during the monsoon.\"But prayers for rains are unlikely to be answered till next week. Weather officials said that though onset of monsoon has been declared after it passed through Veraval in Saurashtra and Navsari in south Gujarat, no rain is expected for the next four-odd days.\"The coastal areas got rains following development of a trough over Arabian Sea. The monsoon gave rains to Mumbai and passed through Veraval and Navsari. But currently it is not strong enough to give rains to other parts of Gujarat,\" said meteorogist at Indian Meteorology Department (IMD), Gujarat, Manorama Mohanty.\"Currently, there is no formation \u2014 low pressure or depression over the Bay of Bengal \u2014 which may lead to rainfall in the land or non-coastal regions,\" Mohanty said. Last year too, the state had received rains from July 7, weeks after the onset of monsoon in south Gujarat. Fortunes of Saurashtra too have changed in the past few years as it gets more rainfall from troughs developing over Arabian Sea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14328954", "title": "4 trucks burnt after accident in northeast Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 25-year-old man was hit by a speeding truck in Welcome area of northeast Delhi. The truck driver was racing with another truck when the accident took place.The injured, identified as Akram, was rushed to a hospital and is currently undergoing treatment. A riot like situation prevailed at the area after the accident. Locals blocked the road and set four trucks on fire. Six policemen and fire officials sustained injuries in the mob violence.Akram was going back home on his bike on Wednesday when a speeding truck hit him from behind. He fell down and came under the truck, police said. While the truck driver managed to flee, some passerby informed cops and took Akram to a hospital.Meanwhile, his relatives reached the spot and began to pelt stones. Few people even set some trucks on fire. It took two hours for the fire tenders to douse the fire.In another case, an 'inebriated' businessman lost control over his car and rammed into a street light in Tilak Marg on Thursday morning, police said. A PCR van rushed to the man's rescue who escaped with minor injuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14328876", "title": "IIT-Delhi to have own entrance exam", "text": "NEW DELHI: After the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Kanpur, IIT-Delhi on Thursday dealt a major blow to HRD minister Kapil Sibal's common entrance test (CET) by announcing that it will be joining the Kanpur institute in conducting its own entrance examination.The defiance of the country's two premier tech schools will mean students will have to write one more exam, defeating the purpose of the new format that Sibal is keen to push through. It could have a spiraling effect on other IITs with the IIT-Bombay Senate expected to meet in the first week of July.The IIT-Delhi decision strengthens the Kanpur institute's hands and if resistance to the HRD ministry snowballs further it can jeopardize the ministry's efforts to push the common test through, although the decisions of senates have to be approved by respective councils and boards of governors.All IITs have been agitated by the ministry's proposal to provide weight to the marks accrued in the class XII board exams and make the entrance test common with admissions to central engineering institutes. The formula is also differentiated for IITs and non-IIT institution in terms of weightages.The ambitious plan to introduce a single entrance test for centrally funded engineering institutes, including NITs and IIITs, was expected to reduce the stress on students and make the exam more inclusive by incorporating the board exam but ended up raising a storm over the alleged erosion of IITs' autonomy.The decision to have its own test was taken by the IIT Delhi senate rejecting the IIT Council decision as an \"attack on the autonomy of the IITs.''Speaking after the meeting, All India IIT faculty federation secretary Prof A K Mittal said, \"A unanimous decision was taken to reject the IIT Council decision of conducting a single entrance test. IIT Delhi will conduct its own exam.\"A Senate member said, \"The proposed test is academically unsound and procedurally untenable.\" He said the other IITs have been asked to reject the new system and join hands with IIT-Delhi and IIT-Kanpur.A resolution passed at the end of the meeting said the senate has decided that the next year's test will on the lines of JEE 2012. \"The Senate has decided to conduct its own entrance examination in coordination with other IITs, if possible. For 2014 and beyond, the Senate will set up a committee which will review and propose changes to the senate,\" it said. For 2014 and beyond, the Senate is expected to constitute a committee to review the IIT-JEE examination, the resolution said.The decision of the Senate comes a day after Sibal reiterated that there was no going back from holding the single entrance test from next year.Reacting to IIT-Delhi's decision, IIT Bombay Board of Governors chairman Dr Anil Kakodkar said, \"If this has happened, it is unfortunate. The intention of the Council was to reduce burden for students. But I hope we will be able to resolve this through discussion.\"The senior scientist pointed out that while IITs were premier institutes, there was need for linkages between the pool of BTech engineering students in IIT and other institutes. \"China produces 10,000 engineering Phds as does US. Till some years ago India only produced 1000. We need to expand the pool of engineering graduates without diluting the quality,\" he added stressing on the need for focus on school education.Faculty members however do not seem to be in the mood to listen. IIT-Kanpur had early this month rejected the proposed test terming it \"academically and methodically unsound\".The government had on May 28 announced that the new test from 2013, under which aspiring candidates for IITs and other central institutes like NITs and IIITs will have to sit under new a format of common entrance test that will also take plus two board results into consideration.The faculty federation had recently met Prime Minister Manmohan Singh voicing its opposition to the test. It has stated that Singh gave an assurance that autonomy of the IITs will be maintained.The IITs opposing the new format contend the proposed test will increase stress of students instead of decreasing it. They feel students aspiring to join institutes other than the IITs need not sit for two tests \u2014 main and advance \u2014 as proposed. They have also insisted that board examination results should not be taken into consideration while preparing the merit list.Times ViewThe clash of will between the education minister and various IITs is seriously hurting the interests of the students, whom both sides of the argument claim to be acting for. Whether the new examination system proposed by Sibal makes sense or not is at this point a secondary issue. What is important is to recognise that the uncertainty over what will finally happen is a matter of grave concern for aspirants to India's premier engineering institutes. The pressure of competitive exams is severe enough without this element of uncertainty being added to it. The minister and the directors of various IITs should agree to any changes be put on hold for the time being. If and when they are able to agree on what changes, if any, are needed, they can make them having given applicants sufficient time to adjust.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14327881", "title": "800 from Ashima join stir of Arvind Mill workers", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The erstwhile Manchester of the East is grappling with labours' issues. On Thursday, workers from yet another textile mill went on a strike.Demanding 40 per cent wage hike, around 800 workers from Ashima Textiles' denim and yarn dyeing division at Khokhra did not join the work. Even as the deadlock between the striking labourers at Arvind's Naroda plant and its voiles division Ankur Textiles continues, workers from another mill going on strike has cast a shadow over other mills. Like Arvind, Ashima too termed the strike illegal.In fact, sensing trouble following the Arvind strike, Ashima, Soma and Asarwa textiles mills had on Wednesday hiked wages of their workers and signed an agreement with labourers' representatives to maintain industrial peace.\"The wage hike issue has been pending with the competent authority. However, to give an interim relief, we hike wages by Rs 25 per day for our workers. But just a day after the hike a few workers have gone on strike,\" said Chintan Parikh, chairman and managing director, Group Ashima.Terming the strike illegal, Parikh added that the company management will not bow down to the pressure. The company currently manufacturers around 17 lakh meters of denim per month. The workers at Ashima are demanding a 40% wage hike. \"On day one around 1,000 workers joined the strike and another 1,500 will be upping the ante against management on Friday. Our salaries haven't been revised in the last two decades. We have been talking to workers from other textile mills and won't give up until our demands are met,\" said Ashok Sisodiya, a worker and representative of Ashima mill labourers.Workers from Arvind's Naroda plant who have been on a strike for more than 15 days said that they are too talking to workers from others mills to join the strike to build pressure on mill owners. \"This might be the first time after independence that textile workers strike has blown out to this proportion. In 1974, workers went on strike as part of their support for the massive reservation movement, but since then the city has never witnessed such a big strike,\" said Ahmedabad Textile Mills' Association secretary general Abhinav Shukla.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "ramanathapuram", "code": "14326969", "title": "Rescued boys refuse to go with mom", "text": "RAMANATHAPURAM: Two boys, who were allegedly sold by their mother to a cattle herd owner and rescued later, have expressed their preference to stay in a government home rather than join their mother.The boys have also expressed their interest to pursue studies. \"We have sought a written consent from the mother to allow her sons to stay in the welfare home and to admit them in the school. She had sought permission to visit her sons once in a month,\" said A Manimegalai, district social welfare officer.The boys, Kumar (12) and Muniswaran (9) were allegedly sold by their mother Eluvakkal of Kalpar village near Erwadi to her relative Murugesan about a year back, allegedly due to poverty as her husband had died. Murugesan had forced the boys to work in his farm at Sevvur village and take care of the cattle.\"After spending more than a year under his custody, the boys managed to escape from Sevvur two weeks back. The boys were roaming around in the bus stand at Sevvur when they approached a woman and sought money from her as they were hungry. The woman, Veerammal from Sithenthal in Erode district inquired about the boys and decided to take them with her. The boys also agreed to accompany her and went to Erode,\" said a social welfare department official.However, Murugesan learnt that the boys were taken away by Veerammal. He traced her to Erode and demanded that the boys be sent to him. A worried Veerammal instead sent the two boys with her son Saravanan to the district collectorate in Ramanathapuram on June 18. Saravanan handed over the boys to the district administration officials during the grievances redressal meeting.\"During inquiry on Wednesday, the boys' mother Eluvakkal denied selling the boys. Murugesan also maintained that he was taking care of the boys only because Eluvakkal requested him to do so. However, considering the future of the boys, we have planned to keep them in the government home,\" Manimegalai said.\"Initially, the boys were reluctant to be admitted in the welfare home and they wanted to go back to Veerammal. But now, the boys are eager to study and expressed their interest to go to school,\" Manimegalai said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14333241", "title": "When youngsters danced for Ekta Kapoor", "text": "Ekta Kapoor has been stopped by strangers in the past. But that was restricted to her office premises. Aspiring actors and actresses swarmed around the television tsarina's studio gates, waiting for her to step out and spot talent in them.But yesterday afternoon, when the newly anointed woman of the year (by a magazine, following her recent success) went for her daily jog, she was in for a surprise. A group of college goers stopped Ekta on her tracks, not to ask for a role in her upcoming production, but to sing and dance. An eyewitness told TOI, \"Ekta has been jogging regularly every afternoon near her Juhu home. She obviously attracts a lot of attention. But she is always sweet to the fans. She stops to wave at them often. On Thursday too, she stepped out with four security guards. Soon, she was stopped by a group of young people.\"Ekta was a little taken aback when the group of youngsters started singing and dancing for her. \"There was this young boy who appeared to be college student. He started singing Dil Garden Garden Ho Gaya for Ekta in a rather animated way,\" said the eyewitness. Initially a bit shocked at the sudden song and dance sequence, Ekta soon recovered and heard the guy out. \"She spoke to the group of youngsters for a while. They discussed the song. One of them even mentioned that this song from the upcoming film Kya Superkool Hai Hum i s a favourite with her boyfriend. Ekta was quite amused. After a few minutes, she continued with her jog,\" added the eyewitness. When we called Ekta to ask her about this strange encounter, she chose not to comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "14330408", "title": "Villagers boycott meet over land issue", "text": "HAZARIBAG: People of nine villages of Koderma district did not allow deputy commissioner Shiv Shankar Tiwari to hold a public meeting which was called in connection with the handing over of 2284 acres of raiyati land and 543 acres of 'gair majurwa' land acquired for the construction of the 4,000 MW ultra mega Telaiya power plant of the Jharkhand Integrated Power Ltd. The villagers after shouting anti-administration slogans boycotted the meeting. It was further learned that the villagers took decision to boycott the DC's meeting much before the arrival of the DC.According to the spokesman of the Jharkhand Integrated Power Plant here, though the process for acquisition of the land has already been completed by the Koderma district administration it has not been handed over to the Reliance Power yet. It was informed that the villagers of Parhar, Dhsai, Chahal, Suglar, Kushai, Korkardal, Maheshsund, Bordal and Darhukhan have expressed their unwillingness to hand over the land which was notified and later acquired for the prestigious power plant as the claimed there was some problems.On Thursday DC S S Tiwari went to address the villagers, listen to their problems and sort out their grievances on the spot. However, Tiwari reached there several hours late and the villagers did not allow him to hold the meeting which forced the DC to return.Several hundred villagers shouted slogans like \"jaan dengey par zameen nahi dengey\". The above land in Koderma's portion of the plant was required for the construction of ash pond and the administrative buildings.However, according to JIPL GM G N Singh in Barhi subdivision of Hazaribag the entire1450 acres of land acquired for the above plant where the main power station of the plant will be set up have been handed over to Reliance Power for starting the construction work without any trouble. He said bulk of the compensation amount to the displaced persons have already been paid but he could not specify the amount paid. Singh said till now no progress has been made in connection with the acquisition of the lands for starting the coal mining project at Keredari B and Keredari C Coal Blocks in the block.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14328430", "title": "Liquor shops to remain shut for two days", "text": "LUCKNOW: The state excise department has shut all liquor shops in the city for two days in view of the civic elections scheduled for Saturday.The order came into effect from 5pm on Thursday and will continue till 6pm on June 23.As per general condition 13 C of Section 41 of the UP Excise Act, 1910, all the shops licensed for the sale of foreign liquor, country spirit and 'tari 'located in a constituency and 8km around it, dwhere elections are to be held, shall remain closed on the day of the polling and two days immediately preceding the day of the poll.District excise officer, Lucknow, Alok Kumar, said, \"Liquor shops in the city have been shut to avoid law and order situation. Earlier, the closure order was till 5pm on Saturday but now it has been extended till 6pm. Normal business will resume thereafter.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14335516", "title": "Raman govt unveils \u2018Atal Vihar\u2019 scheme, plans to construct 1 lakh houses for poor", "text": "BHOPAL: Unveiling yet another populist scheme ahead of the next year's assembly polls, Raman Singh government in Chhattisgarh has decided to construct one lakh houses for the urban, semi urban and rural poor under its 'Atal Vihar Yojana' being launched on June 26 this year.\"85 per cent of the houses would be reserved for low income group and economically weaker sections and the project will be completed within three years. The state government has earmarked a grant of Rs 240 crore for the project\", Chhattisgarh Housing Board Chairman Subhash Rao said.Chief Minister Raman Singh is scheduled to launch the first phase of 'Atal Vihar Yojana' in Rajnandgaon, his own constituency, where 18 acres of land has been provided at Pendri for the construction of houses under the scheme.Housing Board Commissioner Sonmoni Borah told TOI that those having an annual income of less than Rs 1.20 lakh would be considered as low income group and those having an annual income of less than Rs 60,000 would fall under the economically weaker sections category and they would be entitled for government grant of Rs 40,000 and Rs 80,000 respectively. A committee, headed by the district collector concerned, would make allotment of houses through lottery to the beneficiaries.The scheme also covers the Naxal affected districts. In tribal Sukma district, two places have been identified about two kilometres away from the district headquarters. The Atal Vihar Yojana project would be implemented in area close the proposed new collectorate building. Housing has been making arrangements to implement the scheme in all the district, including in the Naxalite areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14327012", "title": "17K to take UGC's NET on June 24", "text": "PATNA: More than 17,000 scholars of the state will take the UGC's National Eligibility Test (NET) here on June 24. The test is held to determine candidates' eligibility for lectureship and for the award of Junior Research Fellowship (JRF).Patna University (PU) development officer and NET coordinator Sanjay Kumar Sinha said the examination would be held at 14 centres in the city. The number of candidates have increased three-fold this time as compared to the last test held in December. About 6,000 candidates of different subjects had taken the test last time. The NET examination is held twice every year, in June and December.Sinha said the distribution of duplicate admit cards commenced on Thursday and it would continue till Saturday. In no case, the duplicate admit card would be given to any candidate on Sunday, the day of examination, he said, adding all the details of the test have been uploaded on PU's website.It may be mentioned here that PU students had performed quite well in the NET exam held in December last year. As many as 25 students cleared the JRF and 86 cleared the NET.The centres of UGC's examination include Patna College, Patna Science College, B N College, Patna Law College, Vanijya Mahavidyalaya, Magadh Mahila College, Darbhanga House complex, A N College, College of Commerce, J D Women's College, DAV Public School, Shastrinagar Government Girls' High School and Bankipur Girls' High School. PU has appointed one observer for each examination centre, said Sinha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "14337084", "title": "Jammu and Kashmir police sanctions scholarships for 153 children", "text": "SRINAGAR: The Jammu and Kashmir police has sanctioned scholarships worth Rs 11 lakh to 153 school-going children of policemen, including 81 children of security personnel who laid down their lives for the security of the state.The scholarships were awarded at a meeting of the executive body of Police Parivar Fund chaired by director general of Police K Rajendra Kumar, a police spokesman said today.The beneficiaries, include 81 children of those personnel, who laid down their lives for the security of the state.Scholarships have also been sanctioned in favour of 72 meritorious wards of serving personnel, who have secured distinction in Class VIII examinations during the last academic session, the spokesman said.The police organisation has been taking care of the wards of its personnel, including those children whose parents have sacrificed their lives for safety and security of the people and saved public property, the DGP said.\"A policeman, having difficult nature of duty, always remains far off from his family in the service of the nation with the result his wards do not get required attention,\" he said.Kumar said other welfare measures taken by the police to promote educational career of the wards of its personnel include setting up of police public schools at various district headquarters and grant of scholarships in favour of meritorious wards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "14330335", "title": "Woman killed for 'dowry'", "text": "GARHWA: A young woman was strangled to death with a rope by her in-laws allegedly for dowry in Patila village under Kandi police station area of the district on Wednesday night, police said on Thursday.Ajmeri Bibi (22), wife of Quddus Ansari was allegedly strangled to death by her in-laws. After killing her, family members including the husband fled home, police said. The father of the deceased Sultan Ansari, a resident of Palamu district has lodged an FIR with the Kandi police station against Ajmer's husband Quddus Ansari, father Nabi Rasool and mother Jasima Bibi.Sultan said that Ajmeri was married to Quddus on March 25, 2010 along with a dowry that included Rs 1 lakh in cash, color TV besides other things. Later Quddus demanded a motor cycle and money which Sultan failed to fulfill. Following this, her in-laws began torturing her, Sultan said.The deceased is survived by two minor children. The body was sent to Garhwa sadar hospital for autopsy, said Kandi police station officer in-charge Shankar Thakur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14329388", "title": "Nashik Municipal Corporation panel meet adjourned twice", "text": "NASHIK: The general body meeting (GBM) of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) was adjourned on the second consecutive day on Thursday after homage was paid to former minister for state and Maharashtra state chief of the RPI (A), Pritam Kumar Shegaonkar, who passed away on Thursday. The adjourned GBM is to be held on Monday.The House gathered on Thursday after the adjournment of the GBM on Wednesday. Senior RPI leader and corporator Prakash Londhe urged the city mayor Yatin Wagh to adjourn Thursday's GBM and take up the day's agenda in the next GBM.Prakash Londhe warned the mayor that he would stage a walkout from the House along with the other two RPI members if the GBM was not adjourned. He said, \"There are still no norms regarding the adjournment of the GBM of the NMC. Such norms should be made at the earliest in this connection. Wednesday's GBM was adjourned after homage was paid to prominent personalities who died last month. As our senior RPI leader and former minister of state Pritam Kumar Shegaonkar died in the morning today, today's GBM should be adjourned.\"Thereafter, mayor Yatin Wagh announced the adjournment of the GBM and said that this adjourned GBM will be held on Monday at 11.30am. The mayor said, \"During the last term of the NMC, the issue pertaining to the norms for adjournment of GBMs was raised, but nothing happened in this connection. The issue will be taken up again in the House, shortly.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14327638", "title": "Indore Municipal Corporation to crack whip on tax defaulters", "text": "INDORE: If you have not paid your property and water tax then do it before June 30 or else you will end up paying 21 per cent more. After June 30, the Indore Municipal Corporation will charge 15 per cent of surcharge on bill amount and at the same time discount of 6.25 per cent will cease to exist.Currently, the civic body is giving 6.25 per cent rebate on payment of taxes. However, the discount has failed to shore up tax collection. Till now, the collection of taxes is way below the collection of previous year. Civic zones like Killa Maidan, karshidhi, Saket, Vijay Nagar and Shukliya have recorded low revenue collection.Recently, mayor Krishnamurari Moghe had inspected some of the zones and it was found that Vijaynagar zone has many properties which do not have account with the civic body. Even the existing account holders have not paid their bill. Following this, the civic officials have been instructed to carry out the assessment of area to find out the number of properties which have still not opened their property tax account and those who have not paid their bill.Besides this, the civic body is also preparing a list of people with pending bill of more than Rs 25,000 and the list of empty plots. Officials said that empty plots will be auctioned to settle the bill.The IMC has around 3.8 lakh property tax account holders out of which only 2.3 lakh people pay their bill. There are around 1.5 lakh people who do not pay their tax. Top hundred defaulters together owe around Rs 100 crores of tax.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14326662", "title": "Parents engage kids in \u2018useful\u2019 summer camps", "text": "GURGAON: Ensuring that their children don't wile away their time during the summer vacation, parents are once again enrolling their wards in various constructive summer camps.Gurgaon offers endless options like horse riding, swimming, kick-boxing, pottery as well as courses for drawing, learning music or a language for the children. Several summer camps also have the option of online enrollment and payment.Sadhana Sinha, mother of six-year-old who has joined drawing and dancing classes, said: \"By being part of such classes at a young age, the child learns how to work in groups, how to interact with the teacher and also to take decisions. These courses will be very beneficial for my daughter later on in life.\"Ullawas Horse Riding School offers special courses during summer vacations with courses ranging from just a joy ride for 5-10 year-olds to basic horse riding techniques for the age group of 11 years and above. Kick-boxing, karate and martial arts classes are also being run. Children can learn anything from cricket, tennis, basket ball and skating at SportsWave, a sports academy.Swimming courses are also very popular among children and their parents as nearly all societies have swimming pools with appointed coaches. Swimming pools at Gymkhanna Club, Sector 29 and Sector 4 have introduced a special mother and child summer package.Radhika, a resident of Sushant Lok said, \"Our family goes to the nearest club where we have a special membership. I like going to the club as I meet new people everyday and my children have many friends at the pool.\"Kingdom of Dreams has organized a distinctive summer camp targeted towards children in the age group of 8 to 16 who want to become actors or dancers. Activities provided in the camp include confidence building, voice and speech work, creative writing, posture work, creative visualization and many other theatre exercises.\"I especially loved the dance classes where they taught us steps which we have often seen on famous TV dance shows. I liked the acting classes as well and meeting actor Hussain Kuwajerwala was a pleasant surprise,\" said Yash Dixit, a student at the camp.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14327735", "title": "Tulsiram case: CBI grills Rajasthan ex-minister", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Rajasthan's former home minister Gulab Chand Kataria was questioned on Thursday by CBI in connection with the Tulsiram Prajapati fake encounter case. The BJP leader had reached Gandhinagar in the afternoon in response to summons issued by the probe agency.Earlier, the CBI, which is probing the Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case, had claimed that the gangster was killed by Gujarat and Rajasthan police at the behest of a marble traders' lobby in Rajasthan. However, these factors have never figured in the CBI charge sheet. The CBI had not made any attempt to question the marble traders and politicians of Rajasthan.When the Tulsiram encounter took place in 2006, Kataria was the home minister. During the initial phase of the probe, CID (Crime), Gujarat, had arrested four cops of Rajasthan including IPS officer Dinesh M N.CBI on Thursday questioned Kataria for over four hours on who ordered Rajasthan cops to be part of the Sohrabuddin fake encounter of 2005. This encounter, according to CBI, was part of a larger conspiracy that culminated in the killing of Prajapati.CBI sources said Kataria was also asked about his discussions with former junior home minister of Gujarat Amit Shah at that time. Shah is an accused in the Sohrabuddin case. The probe agency has to file its charge sheet in the Tulsiram case on June 30 before the Supreme Court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "garwha", "code": "14330401", "title": "Garhwa aadministration to appoint 600 para teachers in district schools", "text": "GARWHA: The Garhwa district administration is set to appoint 600 para-teachers in various schools of the district which have been facing a shortage of teachers for months. This was decided at a meeting of Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan chaired by deputy commissioner RP Sinha.Sinha said 600 para-teachers would soon be appointed in 170 new primary and upgraded middle schools of the district to fill up shortage of teaching staff.Other decisions that were taken in the meeting included appointment of teachers in Kasturba Gandhi Balika Vidyalaya (KGBV) and appointment of trained night guards in every KGBV. The night guard must be a resident of the village or panchayat, where the school is situated, Sinha said.It was also decided in the meeting that officials and employees working under Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan and KGBV teachers would be granted extension of services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14337433", "title": "Twitter shutdown: Hackers group 'UGNazi' claims responsibility", "text": "LONDON: A hacker group has claimed responsibility for outages at Twitter due to which millions of social media users were unable to access the micro blogging website on Thursday.The site was unavailable for over 30 minutes in countries all over the world from Europe through to Asia following the outages.A hacker for the group UG Nazi, which has in the past been affiliated with LulzSec , immediately, claimed responsibility for the downage attributing it to a simple DDos attack, the Telegraph reports.According to the paper, the hacker, who calls herself Cosmo, claimed taking down the site had been 'surprisingly simple'.\"It wasn't really difficult at all, I myself honestly thought Twitter would be more protected from a DDoS Attack, but I guess not,\" she said.Asked why she had taken down the popular social networking site, she said, 'the attack was mainly for the 'lulz', it goes to show what we are capable of.'Meanwhile, a spokesman for Twitter said the issue was caused by 'a cascaded bug in one of our infrastructure components'.He declined to say whether it was a technical failure or a malicious attack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14326745", "title": "Mineral water being used to target train passengers", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Mineral water bottles are the latest 'weapon' for zehar khuran to target passengers travelling in trains on Delhi-Bihar route.In a recent incident, two zehar khurans had drugged and robbed more than 12 passengers onboard Mahananda Express between Aligarh and Khagaria railway stations after offering mineral water bottle mixed with poisonous substances.The passengers after drinking water offered by zehar khurans fell unconscious. GRP had lodged an FIR in connection with this incident. Later, Bihar GRP told their UP counterparts about the incident.GRP has been appealing to passengers not to accept any eatable or soft drink offered by unidentified co-passengers.SP, Railways, Mahesh Kumar Mishra told TOI, \"We have been appealing passengers not to accept cold drinks/mineral water bottle or eatables from unidentified co-passengers\".He added that cops in plain dresses have been traveling in both general and reserved compartments to keep an eye on suspected drugging and robbing gang members and cops have been also instructed to take corrective measures in the same regard.Trains between Delhi and Bihar routes are under GRP scanner and cops posted at Allahabad, Kanpur, Varanasi and Mughalsarai railway stations have been asked to maintain a strict watch on the activities of zehar khurans.\"Zehar khurans are expert in changing modus operandi and they have their work areas defined,\" said a GRP official.Zehar khurans usually prefer to travel in gangs. While one in the gang will get down mid-way, he will inform others about the status of the task, as in, if the passenger, whom the gang is targeting, has been drugged or not. Most of the time zehar khurans book tickets for a long distance journey but get down 10 to 12 hours before the train's scheduled stoppage at the destination till which they have booked a ticket.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14328234", "title": "Bonded workers rescued from stone-breaking unit, rice mill", "text": "CHENNAI: Revenue officials on Thursday rescued 32 bonded workers in two villages near Madurantakam, 78km south of Chennai.While 21 workers, including 11 children, were rescued from a rice mill in Alapakkam village based on a plea by one of the workers, who managed to escape, to Kancheepuram collector Hanish Chhabra, 11 people, including five children, were rescued from a rock-breaking unit in Moorapakkam village, about 10km away, based on a tip-off from International Justice Mission.IJM works on rescue and rehabilitation of rescued bonded workers. \"All workers at the rock-breaking unit, especially the children, were malnourished. The working conditions are terrible,\" said Alice Suganya of IJM.In both places, revenue officials found that the workers were put up in thatched huts without ventilation. A few of them bore marks of physically abuse. After an inquiry, the workers were given release certificates identifying them as victims of bonded labour and entitling them to government rehabilitation funds of 20,000 per person.For five years, the workers in both units were made to work from dawn to dusk for 8 a day against the 113.50 a day guaranteed under the Minimum Wages Act, 1948, officials said. Under the Bonded Labour System (Abolition) Act, 1976, a labourer should have the freedom to work anywhere and there should not be any advance payment that would hold him back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14329364", "title": "Heavy damage to shops in huge blaze at mall on Mundhwa Road", "text": "PUNE: A massive fire broke out in Koregaon Park Plaza, a mall on Mundhwa Road, on Thursday evening. A store was gutted but no casualties were reported.Most of the 1,500 employees inside the mall were evacuated. Around 15 people including some shoppers and employees, stuck inside the mall, were rescued by the fire brigade.Fire officer Prashant Ranpise told TOI that it took three hours to put out the fire. \"The entire mall was filled with heavy smoke. We have started cooling work,\" Ranpise said.He said that the fire gutted one of the stores in the mall. \"The other stores were also damaged due to smoke and the water. The damages are huge. We are yet to ascertain the reason behind the fire,\" Ranpise said.Siddharth Sehgal, head of Pioneer Property Zone, the mall management company for Koregaon Park Plaza said, \"There was an accidental fire in the mall on Thursday afternoon which occurred in one of our anchor stores. The mall was evacuated immediately and our emergency management team along with the authorities brought the fire under control. There is heavy smoke and we will be able to talk once the smoke clears and damage assessment is done. We are cooperating with the fire department and police in the rescue operation and investigation.\"Security in-charge of the mall D K Singh told TOI, \"Only 40% of the mall is functioning. We are yet to start the multiplex and other sections. There were 1,500 employees inside the mall. Our security men got people to evacuate the mall immediately,\" Singh said.Senior police inspector of the Mundhwa police station Vishwanath Ghanwat said that the fire broke out at one of the ground floor stores around 5.30 pm. \"The employees initially tried to put out the fire on their own. When it spread, they raised an alarm and began to evacuate,\" Ghanwat said.The fire department was informed half-an-hour after the incident, he added. \"By then, the fire had spread to the stores on the first floor. As there were clothes and shoes, heavy smoke began to billow,\" Ghanwat said. The smoke caused panic among the employees and the customers. Most evacuated the mall immediately. \"However, 10 to 15 people ran towards the terrace. I rescued five of them and brought them down,\" Ghanwat said.Ranpise said, \"We used the hydraulic lift to rescue people, who were stuck on the terrace. We had to use six fire tenders and four water tankers to douse the fire.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14331006", "title": "4-year-old boy crushed by his own school bus in Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: Four-year-old Mohammed Faizal Noorullah died after he was flung out of his school minibus after its front door slammed shut when it was reversing in Chikkajala, off Bellary Road, around 5.30pm on Thursday. After Faizal came under the wheels, the driver put the boy back into the bus and drove for about 2 km before abandoning the vehicle on Thanisandra main road. Faizal was declared brought dead at a nearby hospital.Faizal was standing on the steps of the Eicher minibus, ready to disembark, when the door swung and hit him, hurling him out. There was no assistant in the bus, which had 15 students at the time of the incident. Faizal, an LKG student of Bright School in Ashwathnagar, near Nagawara, was the only son of Noorullah, a helper in an optician's shop, and homemaker Shahina. The school had opened only last week. Faizal's neighbour Babu witnessed the incident from the second floor of his building.\"At around 5.30pm, I saw the boy fall out of the front door of the reversing bus and coming under its wheels. I shouted at the driver, asking him to stop the vehicle. But he got down, put the boy back into the vehicle and sped away,\" Babu informed police.Babu and other neighbours chased the bus and found it parked on Thanisandra main road, almost 2 km from the house.\"The driver had locked the door. We took the boy in an autorickshaw to Sri Sai Hospital in Nagawara, but the doctors declared him brought dead. We're yet to inform Faizal's parents about the tragedy,\" Shamshuddin Noorullah, the boy's uncle, informed TOI.Police suspect Faizal was standing near the front door and no adult was around to usher him out. Additional commissioner of police (traffic) MA Saleem said that a case of negligence would be booked against the driver. They will also consider implicating Faizal's school.Passersby told TOI they saw children crying and knocking at the windows of the locked minibus, abandoned by its driver on Thanisandra main road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-22"}
