{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14623643", "title": "Man arrested for land grabbing in Bhat", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A man was nabbed by a team of crime investigation department (CID) officials for illegally grabbing land worth Rs 20 lakh near Bhat last week. Police said that more arrests could follow.CID (crime) officials said that Purushottam Chimnani, a resident of Hansol in Sardarnagar, had bought a piece of land near Bhat in 1996 for Rs 19.51 lakh from a group of farmers. The purchase was made in an out-of-court settlement, after which Chimnani proceeded for its registration.\"In that time, the amount was considered big and thus, I had to answer queries from income tax and other departments. Finally, when the land got clear in 2004, I went for its registration and needed signatures of the farmers who sold it. As the land prices had skyrocketed in a decade, they asked money for the signature. I published the advertisements in newspapers about my hold on the property and also got a stay from the court against the group so that they could not sell it off again,\" said Chimnani.However, Jaksi Bharwad, a local strongman, forcibly got power of attorney for the said land from the farmers and on the basis of that, sold it off for Rs 5 lakh to a developer. As per Chimnani's statement, he approached police with his complaint but nobody paid any heed to it. As a final resort, he went to the state director general of police who instructed CID (crime) to look into the matter.CID officials arrested Bharwad for the fraud last week and got his four-day remand. Investigators said that more persons involved in the fraud will be caught soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14620158", "title": "Madhya Pradesh stands 4th in mass suicides", "text": "INDORE: Suicides in Indore has almost doubled in 2011 as compared to the previous year. The state stands fourth in mass suicide cases, says a report of the National Crime Record Bureau (NCRB).In the city, as many as 143 persons committed suicide in 2010 while this figure jumped to 248 in 2011, a jump of 98.6% as compared to the previous year.The NCRB report stated that Patna showed a sharp decline of 73.2% to 40 suicide cases in 2011 compared with 149 people, who killed themselves in 2010.Not only Indore, but the entire Madhya Pradesh as well has registered increase in suicides, mainly mass suicides. As many as 14 mass or family suicides had taken place in the state out of the total 141 such cases reported in the country in the last one year. Only three states namely Rajasthan (72), Kerala (19) and Andhra Pradesh (15) are ahead %of Madhya Pradesh in %this category.Similarly, NCRB report states that more than half of children of the suicide victims belonged to five states namely Madhya Pradesh, West Bengal , Tamil Nadu , Karnataka and Odisha. These states contributed 58.9% of total 3,035 persons ending their lives in this category.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14619307", "title": "Rajasthan to start registration of qualified docs to nail quacks", "text": "JAIPUR: The medical, health and family welfare department would soon start registration of qualified doctors in an attempt to clamp down on quacks.Medical, health and family welfare department health director Dr BR Meena said, \"We will start the registrations of qualified doctors soon after the framing of the rules for the implementation of the Clinical Establishment Act.\"Now, all the qualified doctors in the state including practitioners of homeopathy would be provided registration certificate under the Clinical Establishment Act 2010.A department official said, \"Only qualified practitioners will be registered which would separate them from quacks. Action will be taken against the quacks as per the provisions under the Act.\"With the implementation of the Act, the department hopes that quacks practicing in the state can be nailed.The Act also mentions that the registration certificate should be kept affixed in a conspicuous place in the clinical establishment in a manner that it is visible to every one visiting the establishment.This would prevent people falling into the traps of quacks.As per the Act, the permanent registration will be granted only when a clinical establishment fulfils the prescribed standards for registration by the Centre.The department would not recruit any official but would constitute a district registration authority headed by collector of the respective district.Earlier, the Indian Medical Association has protested against the Act claiming that it would lead to 'Inspector Raj' in the state against clinical establishments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14633835", "title": "Chiranjeevi remembers Punadi Rallu", "text": "Recently, megastar Chiranjeevi graced the audio launch of a Telugu movie \"Harmones\". But Chiru made his way to the audio only after he was convinced that the film was a message-oriented one. The plot line of the \"Harmones\" makes him remember his yesteryear film \"Punadi Rallu\" film, which also has a similar script it seems.\"When Nayak (Producer) and Dr. Anand Islavat (Director) came to invite me, they gave a brief narration of the script and I was very impressed. Punadi Rallu has a theme where some youth migrate to the city to effect changes in the system and I can get a similar feel in this Harmones film too\", said Chiranjeevi.\"Just as how harmones are important for the body balance, youngsters' services are indispensable for social balance\", adjoins the Congress party leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14620388", "title": "Sarpratap in jury of international equestrian event", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Mohali resident and ace horse rider Colonel Sarpratap Singh has been invited by President of Republic of Kazakhstan and National Olymnpic Committee as a member of Ground jury for Central Asian Nation's Cup as well as FEI World Cup, President's Cup, CSIO-W, CEI to be held in Astana from July 2.Russia, Kyrgystan, Armenia, Ukraine, Georgian, Turkmenistan, Kazakhstan are expected to take part in the competition.Sarpratap said, \"It is a matter of great pride for me to be a part of judging team in such a big event.\" Col Sarpratap Singh and another rider Jaswinder Singh were also the flag bearers of Sikh pride in the Queen's Diamond Jubilee celebrations 2012, marking the 60 years of reign of Queen Elizabeth II. The two horse riders from Punjab will be representing the Sikh martial race in the three-day Royal Windsor Horse Show (May 10-13) on the grounds of Windsor Palace.The two riders from Punjab were astride on Marwari horses and among 500 horses and 800 international performers from 18 countries (Commonwealth) displaying horsemanship. It was a big honour to represent Sikhs and be a part of the glorious tradition, added Col (retd) Sarpratap Singh. Punjab is famous for producing good horse riders in the past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14625163", "title": "Maharajbagh in maha-mess", "text": "NAGPUR: Maharajbagh, the only zoo in Vidarbha, is not in a condition to boast of anything nowadays. The maintenance of the zoo and attached garden is thrown out of gear and irregularities could be spotted at every step.Although Maharajbagh is a no plastic zone and one can find placards announcing it everywhere, there are plastic water pouches, chips and biscuit packets strewn all over the place. This is not only in the garden area but also near cages of animals posing a real danger to them.A much publicised plastic clean up drive was undertaken by Panjabrao Deshmukh Krishi Vidyapeeth (PDKV) a few months back but now it seems that was just a one time effort. Not only this, TOI even saw college going and other grown ups enjoying play equipment meant for children in Maharajbagh garden. This when there is a board saying only children below the age of 12 may play on the garden equipment.The irregularities do not end here. People could be seen teasing the animals, banging at the bars of the cage or calling out to attract attention of the animals to make it do 'something interesting'. The Mowgli Garden also bears a deserted look with only a few couples enjoying their moment of solitude in its corners. The mini adventure park with attractive activities is awaiting a makeover as some of its equipment needs repairing. Here also, adults have encroached upon the space meant for children.All these expose faltering administration of Maharajbagh Zoo and Garden. The security in the premises is abysmally low with only six people to keep an eye on the entire place.An RTI application filed by Abhay Kolarkar reveals that in the financial year 2011-2012, Maharajbagh has earned a profit of around Rs 9 lakh. If it has money in surplus, then why is it not being invested in better administration? PDKV failed to give a satisfactory answer. Passing the buck on to the visitors, PG Ingole, controller of the zoo, said many times people don't listen to them.\"There is always a group of people that doesn't cooperate. We clean the premises twice a day, once in the morning and once in the evening. For the last few days, there has been more rush and that is why the place must have been like that. From tomorrow things will be better,\" he said.When questioned about the surplus funds, Ingole only said he would look into the matter of using them for security and administrative purposes. He added that things would be better from July 1 as agriculture college will reopen and they will start conducting clean up drives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14626285", "title": "Shivangaon villagers stall maintenance repair and overhaul depot taxiway work", "text": "NAGPUR: Work on the taxiway connecting Boeing's $100 million maintenance repair and overhaul depot (MRO) with the taxiway was stalled by project affected persons (PAPs), demanding better terms under the compensation package. They have turned down the revised offer made to them by the state government recently. Around 50 residents from Shivangaon village whose holdings have been acquired for Mihan took on the construction labourers at the site, making them abandon work on the land which once belonged to them.The taxiway is vital for the Boeing MRO to get operational, as this facility, which is being built in the special economic zone (SEZ), needs connectivity to the airport. It could have been either in the form of a second runway or taxiway. However, with the former also being doldrums due to opposition by oustees, Maharashtra Airport Development Company (MADC), went for the second option, only to face fresh opposition now. MADC will be spending Rs 67 crore on building the taxiway.The outsees led by Baba Dawre of Shivangaon village are demanding that they should be first relocated, and only then should work on the taxiway begin. They are also unhappy with the revised offer on getting developed plots measuring 12.5% of their land acquired. The oustees have a choice of either taking the plots by paying a development charge or go for the cash option instead.\"The new offer is unreasonable. The development charge to be paid for the plots is as much as the compensation received for entire holdings taken over. The cash option is too meager, with each farmer getting around 5 lakh an acre or so,\" said Dawre.The outsees are also demanding that the dwelling space to be allotted to them should at the rehabilitation site and must be 3,000 sq ft for farmers and 1,500 sq ft for non farmers, as against MADC's offer to give homes exactly of the same size as they have back in the village.Another reason Dawre cited for stopping the work was that the taxiway will be crossing through the road leading to Shivangaon, cutting off the village. Dawre and his aides were camping at the land which belonged him before being taken over by MADC.No police action was taken by MADC, as most of its senior officers pleaded ignorance to the development.Pravin Darade, joint managing director of MADC who is also handing the land acquisition affairs, refused to comment. Deepak Joshi, MADC's PRO, on the other hand said that although the work has not been forcibly stopped, Shivangaon residents have asked labourers to not proceed with the job in the area coming under their village. At present, the work is only under way in the non-disputed area.MADC is constructing a 2.34 km taxiway connecting the MRO and the airport. This is because the MRO will not be operational till there is a means to transport the planes into it. Work on the Boeing MRO is fast progressing and it is expected to be ready by 2013. However, by that time even the taxiway should be in place or else the entire facility will not get operational.Boeing will be constructing the MRO and hand it over to National Aviation Company Limited (NACIL), as against the earlier arrangement of running it through a joint venture with the state owned aviation company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "14617399", "title": "Minor gangraped in Bharatpur; one held, three absconding", "text": "ALWAR: A 16-year-old girl was allegedly abducted and gangraped by four youths in a room situated in a funeral ground outside Bharatpur town late on Sunday night. Police have arrested one accused; the other three are still absconding.The victim is a dalit who hails from Kotara Mohalla of Bharatpur. She was abducted by a youth identified as Amit (23) alias Gullu. Since the girl had acquaintance with the youth she did not resist when the latter asked him to come for a long drive on his bike.Later, the accused took the girl to a room in a funeral ground on the outskirts of the city, police said.He was later joined by three of his accomplices who also raped the girl one after another, police said. Later, the accused fled from the scene after which the victim narrated her plight to her parents.The victim along with her parents approached the Kotwali police station in the early hours on Monday and lodged a case of abduction and rape. A case under appropriate sections of IPC was lodged against Amit, Upendra and Ajay Sunar and one unidentified person, police added.\"All the accused were aged between 22 to 26 years,\" said a senior police officer.One other accused is yet to be identified as the girl, in her FIR, had stated that four persons raped her out of which the identity of one accused was not known to her, police said.Rajesh Chaudhary, deputy superintendent of police, SC/ST cell, told TOI that the main accused who initially took the girl from her house was arrested by the police on Monday at noon. \"He has been arrested while efforts are on to nab his accomplices,\" Chaudhary added.The preliminary investigation suggests that since the main accused was known to the girl he had misused her innocence and molested her quite a few times in the last one year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14621525", "title": "A costly walk for Malappuram boy", "text": "BANGALORE: Two walkers from India bound for London Olympics have been spending thousands of rupees from their pockets on special walking shoes for many months, and are now looking to the sports ministry for reimbursement.One of them is a 25-year-old from Areekode in Malappuram, T K Irfan, who will participate in the 20km walk category.Irfan and his walking partner Basant Bahadur Rana ask: \"Will the government reimburse the amount?\"Rana, with the Gorkha Regiment, has spent Rs 40,000 on shoes in the past 18 months. Each pair costs upwards of Rs 6,000.For Madras Regimental Centre sepoy Irfan, who comes from a poor family, the cost of the shoes may not rankle him anymore as he's found a benefactor in Malayalam superstar Mohanlal. But then, mounting expenses had the lad worried for a while as he geared up for the quadrennial event.Rana and Irfan circumambulated the globe since they began training for London 2012 to make the grade. Rana touched 4:02.13 in 50km, well within the 'B' mark of 4:09.00. In the 20km category, Irfan clocked 1:22.09 as against the 'A' mark of 1:22.30 at the IAAF World Race Walking Cup in Saransk, Russia, in May. The two athletes - certainties for the Olympics along with the other two 20km walkers, Gurmeet Singh and Baljinder Singh - had moved from Patiala to Bangalore in April after the Athletics Federation of India (AFI) decided to have two camps at the south centre.One camp is led by Russian Alexander Artsybashev and the other by SAI coach Ramakrishnan Gandhi.\"I cover around 1,100km every month,\" says Rana, a Nepali by birth. \"I need at least 6-7 pairs of shoes a year. The kit we receive from the government contains running shoes, which are of no use to us.\"Rana, who paid about Rs 7,500 for a pair of shoes in Russia during the World Race Walking Cup, said the amount is yet to be reimbursed. \"Two days ago, Irfan found in a Bangalore shop the shoes he wanted. He paid around Rs 6,000 for them. He, too, is hoping to get the money reimbursed.\"Unlike other athletes who have pitched their tents across the globe, these walkers are hard done by lack of exposure tours. Their only foreign-exposure tour was to Ireland in 2011. Their requests for preparation and acclimatization have fallen on deaf ears.\"The plans to train them in Ireland fell through. We told the AFI we need to be in London quite early to get used to the climate. We are already in July, and any attempt to organize a tour now will take 20 days to bear fruit. We'd rather travel with the contingent to London,\" sources in the walking camp said.SAI chips in Sports Authority of India regional director SS Roy was sympathetic to the walkers' appeal, saying he would reimburse the amount immediately. \"These two walkers were in Patiala till April. I'm not sure what happened there. Now that they are in Bangalore, we will take care of them,\" Roy told TOI.The south centre has reportedly reimbursed the claims of the other walkers training under Ramakrishnan Gandhi - Gurmeet Singh and Baljinder Singh - and Roy said he saw no reason why the others walkers had to be denied. \"They have been here for a few weeks, but haven't brought this to my notice. Let them produce the bills, and we will do the needful,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14637351", "title": "I don't care about Shahid, Priyanka's relationship: Kunal Kohli", "text": "Kunal Kohli loves everything related to love, that's the reason the filmmaker directed a love story, yet again - \"Teri Meri Kahaani\". \"I believe in love stories.I have grown up watching Yash Chopra and Raj Kapoor's films. They have always made most iconic films and have always made love stories. There are so many love stories to be told, and one lifetime is just not enough to do that. That's the reason I keep coming back to sharing love stories through my movies,\" says Kunal. But why love spanning across time? \"I actually found the whole idea of soulmates very appealing. And this was one genre which nobody had explored properly. Janmo-janmo ke saathi is a very interesting thing as a subject, so I thought id explore it. There are no re-birth and reincarnations in \" Teri Meri Kahaani \" (TMK), no one dies in my movie, it is just pure love in three different time zones, where same people meet again and again.Point out that films that have tried to explore time zones haven't really done well at the box office, and Kunal has a ready answer. \"If people couldn't handle time zones properly in their movies, it's there problem. Why should I not make a film on time and space, just because people before me who've attempted it have failed to generate money? I think I handled time pretty well in \"Hum Tum \" and I'm confident about TMK also. I'm sure it will pick up through word of mouth,\" says Kohli, who started his Bollywood career as a director with \" Mujhse Dosti Karoge\".Kunal roped in Shahid Kapoor and Priyanka Chopra , who had a rocking chemistry in \" Kaminey\", for his ambitious project. \"Honestly, after watching \"Kaminey\", I was surprised that no one repeated the couple in their movie. Getting the lead correct was the most important task. I was always very sure of Shahid and when he came on board, I wanted someone who could match up to him and Priyanka was the obvious choice,\" he says. Wasn't he apprehensive about their on and off relationship and its affect on his movie? \"Not at all. How people behave off-screen is not my concern. Why should I be bothered about what's happening in Shahid amd Priyanka's life? They never talked about it and I never asked them about their personal equation. When I approached them with the movie idea, they both said yes. Beyond that I never interfered,\" clarifies Kunal.Shahid's shayari as Javed (one of the character) has caught the attention of youngsters. We heard that Kunal borrowed Shammi Kapoor's style and body language as reference for Javed's part. True? \"People are remaking films, I'm remaking eras. We have different people, who leave a different influence in each era. So for 60s who better than Shammi Kapoor ? He had his distinct style and you can see his influence in the movie songs,\" he says. When it comes to music, Kunal says, he doesn't like to follow any trends. \"Music is a very crucial part of my films, and I take a keen interest in how the songs are shaping up. You know the songs of \" Mujhse Dosti Karoge\" play even now on radio. That's the kind of effect I want. I want the music of my films to live forever,\" he says, adding, \" Everyone talks about youth and we feel that youngsters like particular kind of music. But the fact is that we have a desi youth. We should stop saying what they want and we should give them something different like qawalis, shayaris and all.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14636086", "title": "Raid at retired assembly officers residences in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: Directorate of Vigilance and Anti-Corruption (DVAC) officials searched the residences of four retired assembly officials at various places in Chennai on Tuesday following allegations of financial misappropriation.Teams led by deputy superintendents of police raided the houses of retired legislative assembly secretary M Selvaraj, PSK Singaravelu, committee officer, legislative assembly secretariat, S Balakrishnan, section officer, legislative assembly secretariat, and K Indira, retired joint secretary, legislative assembly secretariat.On complaints that Selvaraj had misused his official powers while in office between August 2007 and March 2011 which resulted in huge loss of government funds, DVAC sleuths searched his house in Shenoy Nagar.The other places raided include Singaravelu's house in Ayanavaram, Balakrishnan's house in LIC Colony, Pammal and Indira's house on Umapathi Street in West Mambalam. Separate teams conducted the raids from 7.30am on Tuesday.Allegations against Selvaraj included that he had flown to New Delhi by air on private matters and claimed Rs 75,319 and claimed it as official expenses. Another allegation was that he allotted rooms at MLA Hostel to unauthorized persons, violating the provisions of the Tamil Nadu Legislators Hostel (Accommodation) Rules 1969 and caused wrongful loss to Government to the tune of Rs 1.9 lakh. There have also been complaints of hiring vehicles from private travels, and malpractice in issuing work orders to private workshops for repairing the official vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "14623670", "title": "Woman's body recovered in Sindri quarters, murder case lodged", "text": "SINDRI: Baliapur police recovered the body of a young woman from a quarters in Sindri township late on Sunday night. The deceased has been identified as Puja, wife of one, Tinku Banerjee, who works as a driver.According to Baliapur police station OC A K Singh, locals informed police about foul smell emanating from a closed quarter (no. IM-456) in Sindri township. When the door of the quarter was opened, police found the badly decomposed body of the woman hanging from the fan of the bedroom. Blood strewn all around the room has raised suspicion that she might have been hanged after being murdered.Timku, his father Ranjit Banerjee and mother Mamta are absconding, police said.Colony people told police that the husband used to regularly beat his wife in inebriated condition and the family members were seen quarreling on June 28 after which nome of the Banerjee family members could be seen and the quarter was lying closed.Mihir Banerjee, the father of the deceased, in a written complaint to the police has alleged that Puja's in-laws killed her and then hanged her from the fan. The in-laws used to torture Puja in inebriated condition and did not even gave her proper clothing and food, he alleged in the complaint.The police have registered a case of murder against the in-laws of the deceased on the basis of the written complaint lodged by Mihir.The post mortem report received late Monday evening however has confirmed death due to hanging. We are investigating the case from all angles, said the officer in-charge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "14625602", "title": "2 suspected Uighur hijack plotters die", "text": "BEIJING: Two of the six alleged hijackers who tried to hijack a Chinese plane on Friday died days after being injured during a scuffle with crew and passengers of the aircraft, Chinese state media reported.The report of the death of the two alleged hijackers aged 26 and 32 on board the Tianjin Airlines flight comes amid conflicting reports on whether the incident was a serious case of hijacking or a brawl over seat adjustment.Initial reports stated six Uighur Muslims from Xinjiang attempted to break into the cockpit by using a crutch and tried to hijack the plane flying between Hotan and Urumqi in the province.The World Uighur Congress has disputed the official version of a hijack saying it was a case of brawl over seat adjustment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14620303", "title": "Cycle lanes hijacked by four-wheelers", "text": "BANGALORE: BBMP's pioneering initiative to boost cycling appears to have been hijacked by four-wheelers. Exclusive bicycle lanes built by the civic body under a pilot project in Jayanagar have now been monopolized by four-wheelers for parking purposes.The location of 36 educational institutions in and around Jayanagar was the prime reason for the Rs 2.5-crore cycle lane project to be taken up here. Located on either side of the roads, the cycle lanes are six-foot wide, span a length of 100 metres and radiate from every intersection in Jayanagar assembly constituency. After the work on the project is completed in a fortnight, the constituency will have cycle lanes spanning a total road length of 40 km.Work on the project began eight months back and will be concluded in a fortnight. But motorists, not even waiting for the formal inauguration of the cycle lanes, have started parking their four-wheelers on the six-foot strips stamped with huge bicycle images.Taken aback by the subversion of its ambitious project, BBMP has decided to seek the help of traffic police to ban parking on either side of the Jayanagar roads where cycle lanes have been created.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14637601", "title": "We never had any problem with Vishal: Sarath Kumar", "text": "Sarath Kumar seems to be a busy man with the Tamil remake of Traffic, Mynaa and Vidiyal. He is back as the Nadigar Sangam president too and the actor, needless to say, is a busy bee.Now that he is the Nadigar Sangam president once more, what does he have to say about the recent announcement that films of big stars should release only during special occasions? \"There was a domination of few production houses in Kollywood a couple of years ago, but that's not the case anymore. There will be a breathing space between every release, big or small. It will definitely not hinder the release of the films of bigger stars,\" says he.Not long ago, his wife, Radhikaa Sarath Kumar had lodged a complaint against actor Vishal at the Nadigar Sangam in a 9 crore cheque bounce case... \"That issue is sorted out. That is the normal course of action we take when a cheque bounces. A popular production house chipped in and took care of the payment and the issue was sorted out amicably. We never really had a problem with Vishal.\"The actor hosted a reality show which Kollywood star Suriya has taken over now. How does he rate him as an anchor? \"Honestly speaking, I have not watched even a single episode of the show. But I do like what Aamir Khan is doing in his television show. There have been talks about dubbing the show in regional languages. Instead, stars from different regions should take up the show and present it in their mother tongue for a better impact,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14633141", "title": "Vivek Oberoi's wife turns interior designer", "text": "The newest addition to the elite club of star wives who have taken to interior designing is Vivek Oberoi's better half Priyanka. And her very first assignment has been father-in-law Suresh Oberoi's Juhu bungalow which we can tell you is wearing a brand new look after being redone by the freshly-minted interior decorator.Apparently, the couple had moved to a flat in Andheri for nearly a year after marriage, for the renovation. They shifted back around a fortnight ago after holding a small pooja there. Suresh and his wife Yashodhara had moved to a flat opposite their bungalow in the interim.Vivek, who returned on Sunday night after a long schedule of Sher in Jaipur, confirmed the news and added, \"We have been living there all my life. It was dad's dream to have a bungalow. We decided to redo it. We moved back last month.\"An insider told us, \"It was decided immediately after the wedding to do up the place. Priyanka and her mother in law, travelled to Italy, UK and Bali, and sourced accessories for the interiors. Vivek's sister Meghna, who is an artist, has done many beautiful paintings that have been put up on the walls. Priyanka has given personal touches to the study room, where Vivek will go through scripts and watch movies.\"The flat where Suresh and Yashodhara were staying has now been modified into a studio for Meghna and for Yashodhara to conduct her spiritual classes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14623064", "title": "CISF open fire near Paradip Indian Oil Corporation Ltd, 7 hurt", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Seven persons, including five with gunshot injuries, were rushed to the SCB medical college at Cuttack on Monday after CISF jawans opened fire to quell a violent mob near the Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. (IOCL) warehouse at Paradip.The SCB hospital sources described the condition of one Prafulla Majhi as 'serious'. \"He has bullet injuries in chest. We have kept him under surveillance,\" the sources said, adding, \"four others sustained bullet wounds in legs, hands and other parts of their bodies, while two others are suspected to have been injured in clashes and a stampede that ensued after the incident.\"The IOCL said the incident, which took place around noon, was a sequel to some workers attempting to extort money from a tanker and a truck going to the warehouse, to which the CISF jawans objected. \"Both vehicles were stopped by labour union members. They closed the warehouse gate and demanded money from the two vehicles,\" an IOCL media release alleged. It said the workers mobilized other people and launched an attack on the CISF jawans. \"The miscreants turned violent and tried to snatch the rifle from the CISF jawans. They ransacked the CISF security booth, broke all furniture, attacked the assistant commandant and tore off his uniform. The CISF open-fired in self defense,\" the release said.Police sources said the incident took place near gate no. 4 through which the workers were also trying to enter the work site without valid permission, a trend that has been going on for quite some time. The workers vent their anger as the CISF jawans directed them to gate no. 1. \"Earlier, the entire refinery complex site could be easily accessed by people. Now that concrete fencing works have been completed and more CISF jawans have arrived in Paradip to guard the site, the vested interests find it difficult to create vandalism and indulge in theft here,\" said an IOCL official.Security has been tightened with the deployment of two platoons of police force in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14620534", "title": "Man, family booked for abetting suicide of wife", "text": "GURGAON: A man and his family members were booked on Monday for abetting the suicide of his wife who allegedly hanged herself from a ceiling fan on Sunday night in Darbaripur village.Around 3.30am on Monday, the victim's husband, Satyendra called the police control room and informed them about his wife, Somvati's death.Badshahpur police reached the spot and took custody of the body while Somvati's father, Dharmveer and other people from her village Jafarpur in Delhi also reached Darbaripur. Dharmveer alleged that Satyendra and his family members had been torturing his daughter for dowry, which forced her to commit suicide.\"We have lodged an FIR against Satyendra, his father Deshraj, mother Krishna and sister Sarita under dowry death and abetment of suicide. Investigations in the case are on,\" said Rajpal, SHO, Badshahpur police station.Dharamveer told police that his daughter had married Satyendra four years ago and had two children, a three-year-old and a two-month old baby. Her husband and his family had allegedly been demanding Rs 5 lakh and a Scorpio car as dowry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "dushanbe", "code": "14633264", "title": "Krishna says India's relationship with Tajikistan 'excellent'", "text": "DUSHANBE: External affairs minister S M Krishna on Monday described India's relationship with Tajikistan as \"excellent\" after meeting his Tajik counterpart Hamrokhon Zarifi here during which the two leaders discussed bilateral issues like trade, energy and counter-terrorism besides situation in the region.Krishna, who arrived here on a special flight for a two-day visit, was received by Tajikistan deputy foreign minister Nizomiddin Zohidov at the Dushanbe International airport here.His visit to Dushanbe, first by any Indian external affairs minister in nine years, is part of India's 'Connect Central Asia Policy' to tap the natural resources-rich region.The external affairs minister met his Tajik counterpart for 40-minutes during which they discussed cooperation in energy sector, economy and counter-terrorism besides other issues of mutual interest and on the situation in the region especially Afghanistan, officials said.Talking to reporters after the meeting, Krishna described the relationship between the two countries as \"excellent\".\"India and Tajikistan have an excellent relationship, a very cordial one. This year we will be completing 20 years of diplomatic relations with the Tajikistan,\" he told reporters alongside his Tajik counterpart Zarifi.\"We discussed bilateral issues and regional development and we also discussed the world's financial situation which is deteriorating every day and the possible impact it has on other countries. This is of great interest to both of our countries,\" Krishna said.He said India is looking forward to the visit of Tajikistan President Emomali Rahmon in September, adding that this will cement already excellent bilateral ties. Krishna will meet Rahmon on Tuesday.\"There was a long discussion about Afghanistan. They agreed that without a stable Afghanistan, the region can not be stable,\" officials said, adding that the minister also briefed Zarifi about recent Afghan Investment Summit held in New Delhi.They said the two leaders discussed several issues from economy to trade and investment in hydropower sector.Tajikistan is rich in natural resources like hydropower which are estimated at the level of 527 billion kWt-h, but only 3 per cent of this potential is being used.India plans to build strong political relations with Central Asian countries through the exchange of high level visits and strengthen strategic and security cooperation including counter-terror cooperation with them. Krishna's visit is just a step in that direction, officials said.The minister's tour also assumes significance as the strategically located Tajikistan shares borders with Afghanistan, Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan and China. Also, a narrow strip of land separates it from Pakistan-occupied Kashmir.The ties between India and Tajikistan deepened in the late 1990s, when they came closer following rise of Taliban in Afghanistan. The ties have grown stronger since 2002, especially on counter-terrorism and defense co-operation.The two countries have a joint working group on counter-terrorism in place. Tajikistan, which shares over 1,400 km border with Afghanistan, faces threat from Taliban-linked terror groups like Islamic Movement of Uzbekistan.India is also in talks with Tajikistan to set up a military hospital even as it maintains an airbase in Ayni there, the country's only such facility overseas.However, despite close ties on counter-terrorism, the trade between two countries has been meagre and was valued at USD 22.11 million in 2007-08.India also plans to operate direct flights between New Delhi and the Tajik capital, beginning this month.\"India plans to operate up to 14 flights to Dushanbe and on its part Tajikistan will launch four flights. Initially India will start with four flights,\" officials said.During his stay in Dushanbe, Krishna will also address a regional conference of Indian ambassadors in the Eurasian Region and this includes Indian envoys to Russia, Ukraine, Belarus, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia, Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Turkmenistan, Kyrgyzstan and Tajikistan.This is the sixth regional meeting of heads of mission that the external affairs minister is addressing. In recent months, Krishna has held such meetings of the Indian envoys on a regional basis in Singapore, Cairo, Abu Dhabi, Madrid and Havana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14623686", "title": "Arrested youth released", "text": "RANCHI: The youth Md Shakil who was arrested from city's airport minutes prior to the visit of Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh on Sunday, has been released on PR bond.The appearance and the suspicious activity of the youth had caused the suspicion to arise after which he was arrested. No connection of his with any terrorist group could be found, said Ranchi SP (city) Ranjeet Prasad.CISF personnel had caught the youth who was encircling the airport periphery at 5 am. The youth, at times, used to stop to engage himself in inspecting the airport's boundary wall and then again used to move on his bike which aroused the suspicion. CISF personnel from his possession that further fuelled the suspicion found no identity proof.Doranda police raided his house and searched far and wide for details. The man hails from Bihar Sharif town of Bihar and has been living in Ranchi with his brother Md Shabir for the last 15 years, said Doranda police station officer-in-charge Fozal Ahmad.Initially Shakil used to live in Hindpidhi and five years ago shifted to Harmu colony. Ranchi police has got details of the background of the suspect from its counterpart in Bihar Sharif. Police also screened his call details but noting could be found. \"Nothing extraordinary was found,\" said city SP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "14617368", "title": "Oman team to witness fencing operations", "text": "JAISALMER: A high profile 9-member delegation from Oman will visit to see security arrangements at international border adjoining Pakistan, including the fencing work. The delegation will be here between July 4 and 6. Senior BSF officers, Central Public Works Department, NPCC, NBCC and other central government agencies officers will be present.According to the sources, the authorities from Oman are here to witness India's border sealing operations adjoining Pakistan. Oman too is planning to fence its international border adjoining Yemen. Oman is apparently concerned with the increasing presence of al Qaida at Yemen.Sources said Oman government will be sending its brigadier Mohammad Sammas Hamood Al Batashi to witness the fencing at the international border adjoining Pakistan and the army officer hold discussions with Indian army officers.The delegation will visit two border outposts on the Indo-Pak border and BSF senior officers will be present and the delegation will return on July 6. Sources said CPWD might be roped in for Oman's fencing project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "14626058", "title": "Biker rams into truck, dies on the spot", "text": "GONDIA: A speeding motorcyclist rammed into a standing truck by the side of the road in front of the ITI at Fulchur, Gondia, around midnight on Friday. A 33-year-old youth, Awinash Mishra, died on the spot in the accident.According to the police, Awinash Mishra, a resident of Shrinagar Ward, Gondia, was going to his uncle's house at Sales Tax Colony on his motorcycle MH-35-Q-5695 around midnight on June 29. Near the ITI, he saw a speeding vehicle coming from the opposite direction.To be on the safe side, he starting driving on the extreme left side of the road. However, in the glare of headlights of the oncoming vehicle, he did not realize that a truck was parked on the road and rammed into it. Mishra died on the spot.Four forest dept staff suspendedFour employees of the forest department were suspended for partying in office. Rakesh Brahmne, Lildhar Dabale, Manish Uprade and Santosh Uikey (all drivers) were suspended on June 30 by high-ranking officials of forest department. The four persons had partied in the office of deputy conservator of forest at Jaistambh Square in Gondia, on June 25. An inquiry was set-up which found them guilty after which they were suspended, said a senior forest official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14623072", "title": "70% voter turnout for MLC polls", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik division registered the highest voter turnout for the MLC elections from the teachers' constituency with nearly 70% per centvoters exercised their franchise on Monday. The Nashik division, which comprises the five districts of Nashik, Dhule, Jalgaon, Nandurbar and Ahmednagar, registered the highest number of voters for the polls.The voting process was carried out smoothly for the elections to MLC from teacher's constituency in Nashik division was held peacefully on Mondaywith no untoward incident being reported in any the five districts in the division.The counting process will begin at 8 am on Wednesday at the auditorium of Maharashtra Engineering Research Institute ( MERI) in the city.Around 16 candidates are in the fray for the electionsfor MLC from teacher's constituency. However, the main fight is among the Congress-NCP candidate of the Teachers' Democratic Front (TDF) Rajendra Dhondiba Lande-Patil, a TDF rebel candidate Nimbaji Devram Nandre, Shiv Sena's Sanjay Chavan and sitting Nashik Municipal Corporation's corporator Apurva Hiray of TDF Ekikaran Samiti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14623177", "title": "Nashik police need volunteers to work as traffic wardens", "text": "NASHIK: People willing to volunteer their services for at least two months to streamline vehicular traffic in the city for at least two months, can approach the police to get enrolled as traffic wardens, the city police commissioner has said.The city police commissioner Kulwant Kumar Sarangal, who was invited to deliver a lecture on at the Parshuram Saikhedkar auditorium of the Sarvajanik Vachnalay to deliver a lecture on 'Police and Public: A Trust Deficit', in the city recently, expressed concern over the growing indiscipline among motorists.His lecture revolved around the issue of police image and how it was perceived among the public. He also touched upon how and how citizens expected the police to help them by arresting punish those who commit crimes, but he added that citizens also needed to help the police by being alert and maintaining a watchful public eye. if committed by others.Sarangal, while addressing queries from the audience, the spectators, said the police were keen to accept the informed the willingness of the police to accept service of volunteers as traffic wardens.He said that the city had around 10 lakh vehicles, out of which nine lakh were two- wheelers alone. \"If volunteers are ready to work as traffic wardens, they will be given training provided they are willing to work for a period of at least two to three months.\"About three years ago, the police commissioner had appointed traffic wardens in the city. However, with rising allegations that traffic cops were using them to collect bribes from traffic offenders, the scheme was discontinued.According to reports, even while some industries in Nashik are ready to sponsor the expenditure involved in appointing traffic wardens, given the past experiences of such volunteers, industries too are now wary of lending support. this time around they are said to be reluctant to do so.A volunteer organization, Nashik First, has been following up on the issue with the police commissioner over the last few months. Suresh Patel of Nashik First said that they are in talks with various industries to sponsor the initiative. He added that although the organization didn't we do not have volunteers at present, as of now, once the programme received a financial sponsor, the issue could then be pursued further with the police commissioner.The city needs traffic wardens considering that the absence of police at high traffic locations.The staff strength of the traffic department is 185 personnel , of which only 110 or 120 personnel are actually on the road given the workload within the department, weekly offs taken by other staff members, and the fact that traffic police are also deployed for VIP security.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14621057", "title": "A fatal attraction for teenagers", "text": "LUCKNOW: These days a post is being shared on the social networking site facebook.A waiter in a US restaurant after getting a tip of 1 dollar from one of the richest men in the world tells the latter, \"Your son also came here yesterday and gave a tip of 100 dollars but you gave only 1 dollar.\" The rich man replies: \"Well my dear, he is the son of a billionaire whereas I am the son of a farmer.\" The authenticity of the story cannot be verified, but it reflects on the changes coming in the society, especially among the youngsters.An increasing number of teenagers in Lucknow, fascinated with opulent a lifestyle, are straying into the path of crime to fulfill their wishes similar to those of the son of the richest man in the above mentioned story.The surprising fact is that most of these teenagers study in prominent schools of the city and are children of influential persons like politicians, businessmen and bureaucrats.On Sunday evening, the city police caught three teenagers with a stolen two-wheeler near Saharaganj mall. Two of them, police said, were students of a prestigious college of the city while the third accused was a student of an Indiranagar-based college.The father of one accused, police said, is a businessman and lives in posh Dalibagh locality. The other accused is the son an officer with Indian Foreign Service and posted abroad while the father of third accused works with PICUP.The three teenagers had pizza at a fast food joint then had beer after which they lifted a two-wheeler from a parking slot, police said. However, barely after covering a few hundred metres, they stopped to have a fag. Some cops on duty got suspicious and asked the teenagers to show the papers of the vehicles. When they couldn't come up with a relevant paper, the cops turned tough. The teenagers then told the police about their misdeed.Since the accused were minors and it was their first crime, they were let off, circle officer Dinesh Yadav said.Not an isolated case, the number of incidents involving teenagers, especially from middle and upper echelons of the society, is seeing a rising trend.While some cases have been reported, many go unnoticed because of the involvement of influential parents.In 2011, the city recorded 29 cases, where the accused were found to be teenagers while the number of teenagers found involved in various crimes in 2012 was 13. Besides, there are over three dozen cases where sons and daughters of influential persons were involved but the police could not muster courage to lodge complaints against them.The nature of crime involving teenagers has been from petty cases like theft of mobile phones to heinous ones like murders. However, most of the teenagers have been involved in crimes like chain-snatching, drunken driving and vehicle-lifting, said district police chief, IG Ashutosh Pandey.Citing reasons, a senior police official said there are two types of teenagers involved in crimes -- one, who belong to middle class families but are friends with children from wealthy families, while there are other teenagers whose parents are rich and influential. While the former, either in a bid to fulfill their friends' wish or emulate the lifestyle of their rich friends take the crime path to earn fast money, the latter in a bid to flaunt their rich status cross the line of discipline and get involved in anti-social acts.Parenting, schooling and the atmosphere play a significant role in the upbringing of teenagers and all three are responsible if the future of the country is adopting to short cuts, says spiritual thinker and professor with Delhi University , Pawan Sinha. What also should be blamed for the degradation in the society which has a direct effect on these children is the complete rejection of ethics and values of the Indian culture and deviation from the spirituality which has been basis of the country's culture, Sinha added.A ClarificationIn the news story about three students being caught for lifting mobikes, it was mentioned - as per police's version - that two of the accused were students of La Matiniere Boys' Inter College. The Lamarts management has claimed that the two boys are not the student of the college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14622238", "title": "Schoolbuses off-road, parents in a fix", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If primary school students were hassled over confusion about re-opening of schools, students of senior classes had to reach their schools on their own in most parts of the Tricity. Buses carrying both junior and senior students remained off-road, forcing parents to drop their children to school.In most of the schools same bus service is used for both kindergarten and secondary class students and that was the reason due to which school buses did not pick up students of higher classes.In addition to it, bus drivers were not informed about reopening of secondary classes which resulted in confusion for the children and their parents.\"My daughter was ready for school, but the bus didn't come,\" said Neeru Makhija of Sector 19.\"I had to take a two-hour leave from office just to drop my son to school,\" said Anu Aggarwal of Sector 45.\"I was ready to go to my school but had to wait an hour for the school bus. It was utter confusion and everybody had tension writ large on their faces,\" said a student of Class VIII, St Anne's Convent School.\"I had to walk about a km to catch my school bus,\" said a student of Class X of Vivek High School.\"I kept on waiting at the bus stop, but I was not aware that the bus will come at the other stop and I missed it,\" said a student of Class IX, Vivek High School but I was not aware that the bus will come at the other stop and I missed it,\" said a student of Class IX, Vivek High School.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14626590", "title": "Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti asks PM to disclose 2004 task force advice", "text": "GUWAHATI: Even as Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi visited the state and did an aerial survey to take stock of the flood situation here, the Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS) on Monday demanded that Singh should make public the recommendations of the task force constituted after the 2004 deluge.Singh in 2004 announced the constitution of a task force to tackle the problem of floods in Assam as the state was hit by severe floods that year.The flood-affected people of Kamrup, Baska and Darrang districts, under the KMSS banner, gathered in front of the office of the chief engineer, water resources, here, shouting slogans against Singh, Sonia and chief minister Tarun Gogoi.They said that the findings of the task force of 2004 should be made public soon. KMSS has also asked the water resources department to repair all the embankments breached by the floods by July 15.\"There are at least 34 embankments that were seriously damaged during the floods, causing immense sufferings to the people. We want all the damaged embankments to be repaired by July 15. The floods would not have taken such a serious turn had the water resources' department been serious about the proper upkeep of these embankments,\" KMSS general secretary Akhil Gogoi said.KMSS has also demanded free ration for a year for the flood-affected people, distribution of seeds and seedlings among the farmers and free tilling of farmland by the government.The protestors also criticized Gogoi's and revenue minister Prithibi Majhi's recent US trip, alleging that the two ministers chose to stay outside the state even as the people here were grappling with severe floods.The protestors said that they would not leave the demonstration ground unless the chief engineer talked with them. However, the additional chief engineer later held talks with the agitators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14631512", "title": "Delhi gets a new medical college", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi has got another medical college with the Medical Council of India according permission to Hamdard Institute Of Medical Sciences (HIMSR), Jamia Hamdard, to conduct MBBS programme from the current year.According to top MCI officials, the Hamdard College has been given permission to admit 100 students in the first year from this year onwards.These seats will be filled through an entrance examination to be held on July 15, the Hamdard College Dean said.A statement from the College said while there will be 42 general category seats in the first year, a total of 43 reserve category (Muslims) seats have also been earmarked.Besides, there will be 15 management quota seats reserved out of the total 100 seats this year.The College has kept July 5 as the last date for applications and forms can be filled online as well as offline.Jamia Hamdard, a deemed university, is a minority institution set up for the welfare of Muslims. It was conceived as a seat of higher learning in Unani Medicine, Islamic Studies, Biosciences, Pharmacy, Nursing and other areas of knowledge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14626325", "title": "Ghats influence monsoon pattern", "text": "BANGALORE: India's 1,600-km long Western Ghats mountain chain has joined the Egyptian pyramids , the Leaning Tower of Pisa and the Great Wall of China on a coveted list.The United Nations Education, Scientific and Cultural Organization (Unesco) voted to add the Western Ghats \u2014 believed to have forests older than the Himalayas \u2014 to its World Heritage List, taking India's tally of such sites to 29.On July 1, the World Heritage committee, a 21-member body, met at St Petersburg, Russia, and included the Western Ghats on its list, along with 14 other sites around the world. About 17 nations, including Russia and Japan, participated in an elaborate discussion and backed the proposal to include the Ghats on this prestigious list.Popularly known as 'Sahyadri' and 'Malnad' in local parlance, the Western Ghats mountainchain starts at the border of Gujarat and Maharashtra, and runs through the states of Maharashtra , Goa, Karnataka , Tamil Nadu and Kerala, ending at Kanyakumari . It is recognized as one of the world's eight hottest hotspots of biological diversity, that largely influences the Indian monsoon weather pattern.\"The Western Ghats is added to the list based on criteria 9 and 10, under which the natural site qualifies under the operational guidelines of the World Heritage Convention,\" said Wildlife Institute of India dean VB Mathur, who was part of the Indian delegation, in a communication here.According to Unesco's guidelines, criteria 9 deals with ongoing ecological and biological processes in the evolution and development of terrestrial, freshwater, coastal and marine ecosystems and communities of plants and animals . Criteria 10 mentions sites that are important natural habitats for conservation of biological diversity, including those containing threatened species of outstanding universal value , from the point of view of science or conservation .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14620843", "title": "8-time hike in registration fee to start an ultrasound centre", "text": "LUCKNOW: Following amendments in the Pre-Conception Pre-Natal Diagnostic Tests (PCPNDT) Act, the state health department has increased the registration charges for new centres and also for those who have to renew their licences. The licence of already registered centres needs to be renewed once in five years.The charge for the registration of ultrasound centres has been raised from the existing rate of Rs 3,000 to Rs 25,000. The registration fees for genetic counselling centres, genetic labs, and genetic clinics have been increased from present rate of Rs 4,000 to Rs 35,000.In addition to this, the department has made it mandatory for owners to inform the relevant authorities in case there are some changes in the number or identity of personnel operating the machine and in the number of machines.Confirming the development, chief medical officer, Lucknow Dr SNS Yadav said, \"The charges are for all the new centres, which will apply for registration and also for all those who will apply before the department for renewing the licence.\"He informed that there are 426 ultrasound centres in Lucknow and all the owners are expected to furnish a monthly report. \"Action will be initiated against those, who do not submit the relevant details,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14623349", "title": "No response to stir by private school group", "text": "NASHIK: The strike call given by the state-level federation of private schools to push for various demands failed to get a response from schools and organizations in the district even as the federation claimed that all the private schools from Nashik district were in support of the demands and would participate in the July 15 strike call announced by the federation.Arvind Kare of the Maratha Vidya Prasarak Samaj, also the president of the Nashik district federation of private schools, pointed out that most schools and organizations stayed away from participating in the day-long strike by the federation only because the process of admissions was going on and they did not want to hamper the same.\"The admission process is going on in most schools at present and the strike would have caused delays and hardships to students and their parents as well. Hence, we decided to limit our agitation to the level of condemning the injustice caused to the schools and organizations and promised to participate in the July 15 strike called by the federation,\" Kare said.Former MP Vijay Nawal-Patil, president of the state-level federation, claimed that the strike call had received good support in Jalgaon, Amravati, Pune and other areas, but the federation deliberately kept Nashik and Mumbai out of the purview given the MLC elections for teachers' constituency from Nashik division.\"The elections in Nashik and Mumbai were scheduled on the same dates and we wanted to avoid any colour being given to the agitation. Hence, a low profile was maintained,\" Patil said, adding that in the rest of the areas the response was fine.The federation has demanded that the state and the central government design a scheme through which even the private schools would get grants, just as they were given in 2004. The central government had announced 12% of the salary expenses by the school as grant for various facilities and amenities by schools for the students. After the central government announced the grant, the state government washed its hands off the issue. Besides, after school teachers were given sixth pay commission salaries, the central government reduced the grant to 6% in 2009.\"This may not have affected schools outside Maharashtra much because there the numbers of private schools is too less. The state alone contributes to 21% of the total private schools in the country and now under the right to education (RTE) they have to reserve 25% of the seats for economically backward class students as well, which is only adding to the burden of expenditure,\" Patil claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14622086", "title": "e-learning workshop on cards", "text": "PATNA: Bihar Education Congress, a private organization, will hold a workshop in the state to promote e-learning among students. Academics, research scholars and teachers belonging to different universities of the country are likely to attend the workshop to be held here sometime in November or December this year, said acting VC of Nalanda Open University (NOU) and Magadh University, Arun Kumar.Kumar said e-learning has become the need of the hour for students in Bihar. It will prove a boon for those who are computer-savvy. The recent experiments with e-learning have proved that students could benefit a lot from it. The Bihar Education Congress is keen to introduce it in each university of the state. he said.Talking to mediapersons here on Monday, Kumar said e-learning would improve the quality of teaching in the state. The UGC has agreed in principle to provide funds to state universities to promote e-learning on the pattern of foreign universities. The economically poor students will benefit from this system, he said.According to Kumar, Bihar Education Congress has decided to focus on modern education tools and technologies besides providing facilities of networking to students pursuing education through distance education system.Besides, e-learning will be a part of print, audio, multimedia and online teaching system at the cheapest cost. The objective behind it is to inculcate leadership quality among students, he said.Expressing his satisfaction over the changing education scenario, Kumar lauded the role of Chancellor Devanand Konwar and the state government for guiding universities on the path of development and improvement in the field of higher education. He said he would propose at the workshop that noted academics of the country should adopt at least one university of the state for the purpose of teaching students through e-learning system. It will be a new experiment in the state, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14621649", "title": "CRPF to open new specialized training centre in Kerala", "text": "KOCHI: CRPF, India's largest central armed police force, has decided to open another specialized training centre in Kerala. Eighty acres of government land have been identified for this at Koyilandy, near Kozhikode, K Arkesh, IG of CRPF Kerala and Karnataka sector, told TOI here.Kerala government and CRPF inspection committee have approved the project, and the work will begin this year, as soon as the land is handed over to CRPF.At present, CRPF has a group centre with five battalions, each with a strength of around 1,000 personnel at Pallippuram near Thiruvananthapuram. A training centre, capable of training 1,000 men, is also located at Pallippuram. The force has another recruitment-training centre in around 300 acres of land at Peringom near Kannur. The centre has an intake capacity of 1,500 personnel. The proposed centre at Koyilandy will have the capacity to train 1,000 people. According to Arkesh, most of the personnel in the five battalions attached to the group centre at Pallippuram are deployed in other states to counter insurgency.According to Arkesh, CRPF does not have to make semi-permanent deployment in Kerala except during the anti-Naxalite operation in 1970s.\"There were occasional deployments during elections. It is for the intelligence agencies and state police to tackle the simmering developments. We come into picture only when decisive actions are required. Our role is that of a catalyst in maintaining law and order, and return to the barracks once the objective is achieved.\"CRPF came into existence as the crown representative's police on July 27, 1939. After independence, it became the Central Reserve Police Force on enactment of the CRPF Act on December 28, 1949.At present, CRPF has 207 battalions including 181 executive battalions, two women battalions, 10 Rapid Action Force battalions and six Commando Battalions for Resolute Action ( CoBRA).CRPF, the largest of India's Central armed police forces, has decided to open a new specialised training centre in Kerala. Eighty acres of government land has been identified for this at Koyilandy, near Kozhikode, K Arkesh, IG of CRPF Kerala and Karnataka sector, told TOI here.Both the Kerala government and CRPF inspection committee have approved the project. Work will begin this year as soon as the land is handed over to CRPF, Arkesh said.CRPF currently has a Group Centre with five battalions, with a strength of about 1000 personnel each, in Kerala at Pallippuram near Thiruvananthapuram. A training centre, capable of training 1000 is also located at CRPF Group Centre at Pallippuram. The force also has another recruitment-training centre at about 300 acres of land at Peringom near Kannur. The centre has an intake capacity of 1,500 personnel.The proposed centre at Koyilandy will have the capacity to train 1000-odd people, Arkesh said. He said that most of the personnel in the five battalions attached to the Group Centre at Pallippuram are deployed in other states to counter insurgency. Arkesh said CRPF did not have to make semi-permanent deployment in Kerala except during the anti-Naxallite operation in 1970s.There were some occasional deployments like during elections, and some communal tensions,'' he said. Asked about long term deployment of the CRPF in Kerala in the backdrop of extremist groups spreading their operations, he said, it is for the intelligence agencies and state police to tackle the simmering developments, we come into picture only when decisive actions are required. Our role is that of catalyst in maintaining law and order, and return to barracks once the objective is achieved.''CRPF came into existence as the Crown Representative's Police on July 27, 1939. After Indian Independence, it became the Central Reserve Police Force on enactment of the CRPF Act on December 28, 1949.CRPF currently has 207 battalions including 181 executive battalions, two women battalions, 10 Rapid Action Force battalions, and six Commando Battalion for Resolute Action (CoBRA) battalions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14623813", "title": "'Fest will impart moral values in jail inmates'", "text": "Mangalore: Police and prisons departments can work more efficiently with the support of corporate companies and artists, according to IGP (Western Range) Pratap Reddy. Speaking at the inauguration of the four-day theatre festival of convicts, he said that jailbirds could be brought to the mainstream of society with the help of public.Earlier, Bangalore-based businessman Ronald Colaco distributed cheques of Rs 25,000 each to 43 children of officials attached to police department, who have performed well in SSLC and II PU exams and distributed schoolbags, books and geometric boxes to 900 children of policemen working across Dakshina Kannada.Ronald Colaco said that the government was not allocating adequate budgetary provisions for the police department.\"Police officials are working round-the-clock to provide safety for people and to manage vehicular traffic. But their pay packet is in not proportionate with the work they do,\" he added.Director of Sankalpa theatre repertoire, which is organizing the fest, Hulgappa Kattimani, said the event would help jail inmates understand the moral values of life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14618102", "title": "Commuters suffer as tempo strike continues on 3rd day", "text": "KANPUR: The prolong strike of tempo drivers gave a rugged ride to the denizens on Monday. The commuters remained a pestered lot on first working day of the week due to unavailability of conveyance.The strike of tempo drivers to protest against No Tempo Zone continued for the third consecutive day on Monday. They remained off the roads and forced the city people to stand in sun for long before getting any other vehicle to reach their destination.The denizens on the other hand had to either board a city bus or hire an auto.\"Its really difficult to wait for an alternative conveyance in the scorching heat. Why these tempo drivers are not working on other routs if they are not allowed to commute on Rawatpur to Badachauraha,\" said Shakhi, a student.The people who had to board trains from Kanpur Central railway station too witnessed the problem. From reaching home to railway station, people faced extreme trouble. They were witnessed carrying their luggage.The tempo drivers on the other hand have decided to remain on indefinite strike till their demands are met. This means that the city people will continue to face the shortage of vehicles to travel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14620612", "title": "Crackdown on illegal parking in Sec 18 market", "text": "NOIDA: Peeved with rampant encroachments and unauthorized parking across the Sector 18 market, the traffic police and Noida Authority have decided to toughen their stand. They will soon begin a crackdown and seize vehicles that are parked illegally.The police have not only decided to seize vehicles parked illegally but also impose a hefty fine upon violators. The traffic police have written to Noida Authority to install new information boards and 'No Parking' signs across the market area, demarcating the authorized parking areas so that shoppers and visitors to the area know where exactly to park their vehicles.\"The entire Sector 18 area is in a mess. Every inch of available land is either encroached upon by traders and vendors or is used for unauthorized parking of vehicles. Those who visit the area park their vehicles haphazardly leading to regular terrific snarls,\" said the traffic inspector, Dharmendra Singh Yadav. \"We have received numerous complaints regarding this and we have decided to impose strict penalties against all traffic violators,\" he said.Meanwhile, Noida Authority, as part of its recent traffic drive, has also decided to serve notices and take penal action against all those traders and shop owners in the Sector 18 market who have carried out illegal construction or encroached upon public space.Following repeated complaints of the traders over lack of civic amenities in the market, the Noida Authority officials recently visited the market to take stock of the actual situation. However, once there, they realized that the traders on their part had indulged in rampant encroachments. Many shopkeepers were found to have encroached on the passage in front of their shops to display items and several others have carried out unauthorised construction in their shops and basements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14632275", "title": "Shatrughan Sinha in hospital", "text": "On Monday afternoon, Shatrughan Sinha , who was complaining of breathlessness since the morning, was rushed to Kokilaben Ambani Hospital in Andheri.Dr Ram Narain, Chief Operating Officer, Kokilaben Ambani Hospital confirmed the news and said, \"Medical examination revealed the actor had a severe allergic respiratory reaction due to the ongoing painting work in his house. He was brought in Monday afternoon with serious problems in breathing. Chest Physician Dr S P Rai is treating him.Senior producer Pahlaj Nihalani, who is very close to the Sinhas, said, \"I am rushing to the hospital but I am not much aware of what has happened. Let me reach there first.\"However, Narain told us at the time of going to print, \"He is stable now. But we will keep him under observation for another day.\" Doctors said Shatrughan does not have any past history of respiratory illness.Apparently, Shotgun's iconic bungalow Ramayan, which is now a seven-storey building and where the family moved back around ten days ago, is being painted from the inside.Jyoti Shelar and Vickey Lalwani", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14623054", "title": "Widespread rainfall forecast for state", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In the past week, citizens went out of their way to woo the rain gods. Priests performed rituals, half submerged in vessels filled with water at a temple, special Namaz prayers were offered in a mosque while young girls went around areas with idol of the Lord on their heads asking people to offer water in the hope that the skies will open up.On Monday, weather officials said that there is likely to be widespread rainfall all over Gujarat region. Moderate to heavy rains have been forecast in Ahmedabad, north Gujarat, south Gujarat and Saurashtra on Tuesday as the monsoon system has strengthened sufficiently.The rainfall for Gujarat region will be thanks to an upper air cyclonic circulation over north-east Arabian Seawhich lies adjoining to Gujarat coast. \"This system is likely to give moderate to heavy rainfall in Gujarat region,\" senior meteorologist at Indian Meteorological Department (IMD), Gujarat Manorama Mohanty said.In fact, parts of south Gujarat and certain parts of the Saurashtra received good rainfall on Sunday. Parts of Rajkot district received rains on Monday as well. Relative humidity recorded on Monday morning was 75 per cent while it was 55 per cent in the evening.In Ahmedabad, the weather remained cloudy with the skies playing pee-a-boo, as citizens struggled with high humidity. Officials said that Kutch however is expected to remain dry.Monsoons had made a quiet entry into the state with the monsoon line passing from Veraval and Navsari on June 17. Last year too, Gujarat region including Ahmedabad had received rains from July 7. \"We hope that the monsoon does not play truant anymore and there are some relief showers soon\", said Mihir Joshi, a sales executive.Meanwhile a 40-year-old farmer died after being struck by lightning in Lodhika village in Rajkot district on Sunday.\"If it does not rain soon, prices of vegetables and basic grains will further go up, something which common persons will not be able to absorb anymore\", said Renuka Patel, a housewife.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14619553", "title": "2 arrested for assault", "text": "The Malad police on Saturday arrested two employees of a developer, Sudhir Naik (25) and Asif Shaikh (19), for assaulting the chairman of a Malad chawl. Nine more persons are likely to be arrested in the case, officials said. The two accused, Sudhir Naik (25) and Asif Shaikh (19), were measuring the external area of the chawl, to which the chairman took objection.According to the police, tenants in the chawl were to be accommodated in one of three buildings to be constructed on the land by the developer. Residents did not approve of an access road to the chawl constructed by the developer.\"On Saturday, the builder's employees were surveying the external area of the chawl, which the residents and the chairman objected to. An argument took place between the two groups. It turned violent when the builder's employees assaulted the chairman,\" senior inspector Avinash Jadhav said.The arrested-duo have been booked under Sections 141, 324 and 506 of the IPC for unlawful assembly, causing hurt and criminal intimidation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "garwha", "code": "14624094", "title": "Dry spell shatters hope of good crop in Garhwa", "text": "GARWHA: A dry spell of 10 days has shattered hopes of farmers who were expecting a good crop prospect after most part of the district received good rain between June 19 and 23.In fact, the less-than-average rainfall in the district has triggered serious concern about the impact of monsoon on agriculture. Experts, however, are not pressing the panic button yet as they expect that the deficit will be compensated once the monsoon is revived. According to the experts, the situation will become normal once monsoon become stronger .Agricultural operations in the district started in full swing following downpour between June 19 and 23. But soon the absence of rain triggered serious concern for the farmers and the district administration alike.Garhwa received 79.4 mm rainfall between June 19 and 23 this year against the normal 138.8 mm compared to 185 mm in 2011.Moti Mahto, a farmer said he had purchased 15 kg of paddy seeds at the rate of Rs 200 per kg. \"But the seeds got damaged after sowing due to lack of rain,\" he added.Akhilesh Chandra Mishra, an agriculture scientist attached to Krishi Vigyan Kendra here, while expressing apprehension of the prevailing situation said Kharif crops would be badly hit if the monsoon did not revive in a couple of days. On the other hand, the dry spell has thrown normal life out of gear as Garhwa residents are facing extreme heat coupled with interrupted power supply which has only added to their woes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14637402", "title": "Pawan Singh and Nirahua together again", "text": "Bhojpuri cinema's two heavyweights, Pawan Singh and Nirahua, will once again share the screen space in Anil Ajitabh's directorial venture Ek duje ke liye. Both Nirahua and Pawan have worked together previously in Ramakant Prasad's Khoon pasina.Ek duje ke liye , which also stars South Indian actress Madhu Sharma, Ehsaan Khan and Sangeeta Raman, has received 'A' certificate by censor board.Talking about the movie director Anil Ajitabh said that Ek duje ke liye is a heart touching love story and not alike a regular Bhojpuri film.Source: humbhojpuria.blogspot.com Source: bhojpuritrade.blogspot.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14619290", "title": "45-yr-old kidnaps friend's son after being refused loan", "text": "MUMBAI: A 45-year-old man kidnapped his friend's five-year-old son after the former refused to lend him Rs 30,000. The police arrested the accused, Rajesh Verma , and reunited the boy, Monu, with his parents within 20 hours of the crime. The CCTV footage from Bhayander railway station helped the cops track the kidnapper to Virar.Two persons, including a 55-year-old woman, who assisted Verma have also been arrested. All three were remanded in police custody by the Thane sessions court on Monday.The woman who aided Verma in the crime is a resident of Virar. The boy's father, Dilip Tiwari (28), and Verma were friends and worked in steel utensil manufacturing units in Bhayander. The Tiwaris, Verma and one of the accused, Phoolkumar Gautam, were neighbours and resided in Jay Ambe Nagar chawl, Bhayander (W).Monu went missing from the chawl on Sunday morning. Around 1pm, Tiwari received a ransom call on his cellphone from an unknown number. The caller demanded Rs 30,000 to release his son. and threatened to kill the boy if the amount was not paid by evening.Tiwari lodged a police complaint. Police officers went to Bhayander railway station and the state bus depot in a bid to trace Monu. They scanned the CCTV footage at the railway station and spotted Verma and Monu waiting on platform 1 to travel towards Virar.The police traced the kidnappers' number to Virar and . A police team rushed to Virar and nabbed Verma . while he was negotiating the ranson amount with Tiwari early on Monday. Tiwari has reportedly confessed to kidnapping the boy for money. told the police that Verma had asked for a loan of Rs 30,000 two weeks ago. Tiwari, however, expressed his inability to pay the money. Verma confessed that he kidnapped Monu to get the money, which he needed to carry out repairs in his home in Uttar Pradesh. Verma purchased a new SIM card and planned the kidnapping last week.He chose a Sunday as it was his weekly off.Verma took Monu along with him on the pretext of buying chocolates. The boy happily travelled with Verma as he was comfortable with the uncle'. Verma also lives in the same locality and would visit Tiwari's home during festivals and weekends,\"said PI Sunil Wadke of Bhayander police station.Tiwari had taken the victim to the residence of one Jaya Gehera in Phulpada, Virar (east). Another man Phoolkumar Gautam who allegedly aided the kidnapping was also arrested. All three have been arrested under sections 364 A (kidnapping for ransom), 393 (extortion), 347 (illegal confinement) of the IPC. They have been remanded to police custody by the Thane Sessions Court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14624512", "title": "Around 150 govt staff go cycling", "text": "Mysore: Government employees in the city seem to have gone gaga over cycling to work. The DC's pedal-to-work call got a huge response form government staff on Monday. This being the second Monday after June 25, many officials from different departments chipped in for the cause and spread the good word on the humble two-wheeler. DC P S Vastrad came on a tandem bicycle along with his gunman G Sathyavelu. MCC commissioner M R Ravi and food and civil supplies department deputy director Kumudha Girish came riding bicycles along with their staff from a common point on Monday. Kumudha told TOI that she had stopped riding bicycle after her schooling. It has been 10 years now since she rode a bicycle. Kumudha rode from her Ramakrishnanagar residence to the DC's office, which is nearly 7 km. She took 35 minutes to reach the office as against 15 minutes in her official vehicle. She joined her colleagues at a place near the office and rode to office together. Likewise, MCC chief Ravi too came riding and joined his staff near the north gate of Mysore Palace, from where they together pedaled to their office via Krishna Raja Circle. Some 80 MCC employees had brought bicycles on the second Monday. Ravi told reporters that he will ask his staff to either come to office in bicycles or shun vehicles on Mondays. He promised to help his staff purchase bicycles, if necessary. Meanwhile, the corporation has identified six roads to create bicycle lanes. One of the employees said making helmets compulsory would be good for the riders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14620708", "title": "Social networking just became \u2018Inu\u2019teresting", "text": "CHENNAI: Social networking giants like Facebook and Orkut may find themselves up against a desi challenge that offers netizens a whole new experience. Created by a group of four students including three hailing from Chennai, the site called Inu will directly link you with people on the basis of your interests and not your profession like LinkedIn does, or topics, like Twitter offers.More than 500 people, mostly from Chennai and Hyderabad, have signed up for Inu less than a week since it went live on June 24. Ironically, the idea of Inu cropped up when Gokul Nath Shridhar, a fourth year student of BITS Pilani from Chennai, was checking his Facebook account. He realised that he hardly had anything to speak to any of his FB friends. That was in March 2011.Soon, Inu was born and Gokul made sure that people will be connected solely on the basis of their likes and dislikes so that they will have something to discuss. The site aims to offer the best of Facebook and Twitter on a common platform. \"On Facebook, you have to go and search for a group like Anna Centenary Library, drama, dance or badminton , and then interact with members who are interested in it. Facebook connects you with people you know, while Inu does the opposite. On Inu, you meet people you don't know but share your interests,\" says Gokul.When you post messages on your Inu profile, the website's algorithm uses keywords like 'rock concert' or 'Kareena Kapoor' and suggest people who are talking about the same thing. \"On Twitter, you will have to look for trending topics and see people's posts and then request to connect. Here, we bring the people to you,\" says Gokul, the founder and CEO of the website. People would also able be to like or dislike your posts and comments. The website was started with a capital of Rs 7,500. \"Most of the members are based in Chennai and Hyderabad, because that is where our founding members are based,\" says Sembiyan Anbarasu, chief marketing analyst of the site and a student of National University of Singapore.\"Most of the money went into buying a domain name and finding a host. There was no other investment,\" says Gokul. Using their probable competitors' strengths to their advantage, the students marketed Inu through Facebook and Twitter. \"We started a page on Facebook and Twitter, and started getting suggestions. In fact, Sembiyan was recruited through the page. We also wrote about it in our campus newsletter,\" says Mridula Balachander, another first year BITS Pilani student from Chennai who works as the chief technical analyst of the website.The students plan to work without revenue till they gather a sizeable amount of followers. \"We are looking at 100,000 members. We will then approach a few investors who will get non voting shares for their monetary investment,\" says Sembiyan, another Chennaiite.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14621725", "title": "Several banks still lethargic, yet to install CCTV cameras", "text": "CHENNAI: Several bank branches in the city continue to ignore police requests to install closed-circuit television (CCTV) cameras on their premises. At least 61 branches, including those of State Bank of India, Andhra Bank, Vijaya Bank, Canara Bank, some cooperative banks and HDFC Bank, have failed to comply with the instructions.Of the several bank heists in the city and its suburbs, the incidents at two branches of the Bank of Baroda and Indian Overseas Bank on January 21 and February 23 this year when armed men decamped with a total of 35 lakh after threatening the bank staff are the most shocking, police said. The bank branches targeted were in suburban Thoraipakkam and Pallikaranai, they added.Of the 178 bank branches in the Anna Nagar police district, only 117 have CCTV cameras. According to figures available with TOI, 11 Canara Bank branches in Anna Nagar police district don't have CCTV cameras, while six SBI branches and one ATM booth and six TNSC bank branches are yet to install the cameras.There are several others, including TNSC Apex Cooperative Bank, Chennai Central Cooperative Bank, Kancheepuram Central Cooperative Bank, Vijaya Bank, State Bank of Mysore, State Bank of Patiala, MCC Bank, Uco Bank, Allahabad Bank, Indian Overseas Bank, Indian Bank. Muthoot Security Fund Bank, HDFC, UTI, Syndicate Bank, Central Bank of India, Pallava Grama Bank, Tamil Nadu Mercantile Bank, Andhra Bank, which have failed to install cameras.\"Following the recent spate of bank robberies, all police inspectors in our jurisdiction were asked to personally visit every bank branch and insist that the officials install the CCTV cameras on their premises. The bank officials are simply ignoring our repeated requests,\" Anna Nagar deputy commissioner of police Prem Anand Sinha told TOI.\"Installing CCTV cameras will help us nab criminals,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14621862", "title": "Citizens, PMC to plant saplings along Devnadi", "text": "PUNE: School students, organisations and the mohalla committee in Baner have come together to undertake plantation drive along Devnadi. The garden department of Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC), too, has proposed to support the drive and take up plantation along the stream that flows into Mula river.Pandit Narayan Prakash of the PMC said, \"Pits have been dug. Plantation will be taken up in a couple of days along the Devandi stretch and roadsides. Trees will be planted wherever we find a suitable space. The idea is to develop a green area here.\"The programme is supported by Jal Biradari, Baner Area Sabha, Bavdhan Area Sabha, National Society for Clean Cities and Lions Club, among others.Stressing the need for the creation of green zones near water bodies, activist Vinod Jain said, \"Trees planted near water bodies have better chances of survival than those planted elsewhere. Green zones should be created around water bodies in every area.\"The organisations and mohalla committee plan to replace the trees that were felled at this site.Suneel Joshi, convenor of Jal Biradari, said, \"We propose to replace 1,000 bamboo saplings and 100 trees that were felled. Trees were planted in 2009 by then tree officer of the PMC, along with local residents and members of the Baner Area Sabha as part of a river restoration programme. With the help of garden department we plan to revive the programme.\"The Bombay high court had ordered an interim stay on concretisation of Devnadi after the Baner Area Sabha, residents groups and Jal Biradari filed a case on March 21, 2011, seeking a stay on construction and praying for restoration of all water bodies. Later, the Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) undertook a site inspection, along with the petitioners, to indicate its position with regard to environmental impact assessment (EIA) of the projects.\"The recent high court order states that the corporation should undertake constructions strictly in accordance with the recommendations of the expert appraisal committee of the MoEF. One of the recommendations is that compensatory afforestation shall be carried out. Identify or acquire the 7-9m-wide corridor after consulting forests department or botanical experts on either side of the drain for developing appropriate green belt wherever possible ,\" said a member of Baner Area Sabha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14626357", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation's water meter lab in shambles within year", "text": "NAGPUR: It was on April 11 last year that the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) had inaugurated the water meter testing lab claiming it to be the best in the state. Within a year, the lab that houses machineries worth Rs60 lakh, has been without any roof. A serious question arises on the construction of the lab which came up by the funds sanctioned under Central government's Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM).A visit to the lab constructed in the premises of Gayatri Nagar overhead water tank, adjacent to IT Park gives a sad picture. The building housing the lab is constructed adjacent to the overhead water tank. The structure is not having any roof for last 20 days. The machineries are left at the sake of rain and dust. Besides, construction materials have also fallen on the machineries. The construction of a new roof was underway and was left without completion for last few days.A senior NMC official told TOI that the lab was constructed at a cost of over Rs60 lakh. \"Work to construct the lab and its operation and maintenance for 5 years was given on BOT basis to a private agency- Enviros Protection Company. NMC had planned the lab under JNNURM so the NMC had to invest 30% of its total cost. The share of Central government was 50% and of the state 20%. The private company invested 30% of NMC's share and was given rights to collect the meter testing fees for 5 years,\" he said.The official said that the roof of the structure was constructed by cement sheets and not concrete. \"The cement sheets too were laid in a faulty manner. The roof was not in proper shape. Rain water used to seep through the roof in many places. Therefore, the work to construct the roof properly was given to a private contractor, without removing the machineries or taking any preventive measures. The contractor started the work from June 11, but stopped the work due to financial issues,\" he said.Poor quality construction has also led to another major loss. Secretary of NMC Plumbers' Association Shankar Mourya told TOI that around 50-60 new water meters were tested at the lab every day for giving new water connection or replacing the old meters. \"Around 200-300 new connections were given in the past 20 days. Due to closure of the lab, the meters were not tested and thus not placed at the new connections. Thus, the NMC is incurring the loss due to unaccountable water supply,\" he said.Executive engineer Shashikant Hastak and the representative of the private company were not available for comments despite repeated attempts.Chairman of the water works committee Sudhakar Kohle assured to look into the matter as early as possible. \"I am not aware of the lab without any roof. I will visit and initiate necessary action,\" he said.The poor quality work of the lab has added to the list of works undertaken under JNNURM and under question for various reasons. Few works like Starbus, Pench-IV water project, 24x7 water supply scheme etc are in controversies for improper work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14622829", "title": "Happy times for house hunters", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Looking for a house on rent has never been easier in the city. Contrary to the situation around a year ago when house hunting was an arduous task, tenants have multiple options to choose from now. A look around IRC Village, Nayapalli, Patia, Neeladri Vihar, GGP Colony, areas south of Khandagiri and Sundarpada reveals many houses with 'to let' signs. The proliferation of available houses puts tenants in a far better position to bargain cost and amenities.One comes across at least a dozen 'to let' signs in a single row on N5 block of IRC Village, supposed to be a sought after area because of its prime location close to the highway. Similarly, in various apartments of Patia, scores of dwelling units are lying unoccupied.\"A decent two room accommodation in good Patia apartments is available for less than Rs 7,000 per month. One couldn't imagine striking this kind of a bargain last year or the year before,\" said a private company employee, who recently shifted to Patia from Acharya Vihar.The best part is that landlords are not asking for two to three months' security deposit from prospective tenants anymore. Unlike in the past years, one just needs to pay a month's rent in advance. \"One doesn't need a property dealer to hunt a house anymore. In case you take a dealer's help, he won't charge you. He would take his commission from the house owner,\" said Venkat Raman, who stays in IRC Village.\"When I bought a two bedroom house in Sundarpada, I told brokers to ask for two months' advance rent as was the market trend. However, my house remained vacant for around a year. I then lowered the rent and forgot the advance to rent my house at the earliest,\" said M K Pradhan, who works in a software company in Pune and has bought a house here.\"We are not asking for commission from most tenants as they have plenty of options. House owners give us rent of 15 days to one month as commission,\" said a broker in GGP colony, preferring not to be named.Real estate developers feel there are multiple reasons behind the rental market becoming tenant friendly. \"House owners had suddenly increased rent manifold and were getting whatever they asked for because there was gross shortage of houses. However, due to the construction activities over the years, the city has added more than 2,500 housing units per year in the past two years. This has made a difference,\" said D S Tripathy, president of Real Estate Developers Association of India (Credai), state branch.Tripathy said the soaring rental market mainly exploited the large floating population of engineering students as several colleges did not have hostels. Over the years, these institutions have added to their hostel capacities, reducing the pressure on the rental market further, he pointed out.Some developers, however, said though mushrooming of segregated development on the periphery of the city have made houses available on rent at a lower cost, rent in prime localities continues to soar. \"Prime localities such as Saheed Nagar, Satya Nagar and Kharavela Nagar continue to see rents moving upward though the average rent in the city has gone down because of the new dwelling units this year,\" said Pradipta Kumar Bisawsray, president of real estate developers association (Reda).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14617442", "title": "Woman's mutilated body found on city outskirts", "text": "JAIPUR: A 25-year-old woman was found murdered at Virat Nagar village on the city outskirts on Monday.The woman's mutilated and decomposed body was found at the Tewari Chak area of the village. Her face was burnt and the police do not rule the possibility of rape followed by murder.Some passers-by who spotted the semi-nude body on Monday morning informed the police. A team of officers and forensics experts reached the spot.According to the police, acid or engine oil was used to burn her face. \"Her clothes were also torn. The body is decomposed and it appears that she was probably killed three days ago,\" said Vineet Bansal, additional superintendent of police, Kotputli.The woman possibly hailed from West Bengal was recently married in a Saini family, the police said. She reportedly went missing three days ago.A missing report of a woman, of nearly the same age who went missing three days ago, has been registered with the Virat Nagar police station.\"The team is still trying to verify the woman's identity by cross-checking with the missing reports at other police stations,\" the officer said.Police said the woman had the name 'Anita' tattooed on her left hand.\"Primary investigation suggests that she was murdered, but we can confirm rape only after the medical examination and post-mortem reports arrive,\" the officer added.Police said that there was a tattoo on her left hand which suggested her name as 'Anita'. \"Before finding the exact details including her whereabouts it would be difficult to say much on it,\" an officer said.Police said that the woman's missing report was already registered at Virat Nagar police station. \"The primary investigations suggested that she was murdered, however other things including if she was raped or not would only be confirmed after the post mortem and medical examination,\" said Bansal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14624092", "title": "Banaras Hindu University gears up for new academic session", "text": "VARANASI: With the announcement of results of entrance examinations of various undergraduate (UG) and post graduate (PG) courses in Banaras Hindu University , the varsity administration is now gearing to start the counselling and admission process for new academic session (2012-13), which starts from July 05 this year.While the process of sending cross lists of candidates who appeared for entrance examinations in various UG and PG courses have started in various departments, the preparation of counselling letters for successful candidates and their dispatch is also going to gain momentum this week.As per reports of varsity administration, the counselling is expected to start in the second week of July and the entire admission process is expected to be completed at the end of this month.It may be mentioned here that nearly two lakh candidates had applied for admissions in various UG and PG courses offered by the varsity for, which entrance examinations were conducted in the period between May 19 to June 06 this year.While the keys (answer sheets) were released within a week of these examinations, the results of entrance examinations started pouring around June 15 this year.Meanwhile, as per reports of Dean of Students office, Dr Annie Besant hostel, which was under the Faculty of Arts has come under the possession of Faculty of Education, Kamachcha ( BHU ). According to Dr Vinay Kumar Singh, Dean of Students, the repair and renovation of the hostel has been completed during the summer vacation and now the hostel is ready for accommodating students of faculty of Education in the new academic session (2012-13).He also said that the New PG Education hostel, which accommodated research scholars and PG students of Education faculty has come under the Faculty of Arts. The process of shifting of research scholars from the hostel to Dr Rajendra Prasad hostel, Kamachcha also started on Monday, he added.It is also worth mentioning that varsity administration has made Prof Narwadeshwar Rai as administrative warden and Dr Satyapal Sharma as warden of New PG Education hostel while Dr RN Sharma has taken over as administrative warden of Dr AB hostel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14617164", "title": "Explain phone calls to hacks, HC tells CBI joint director", "text": "HYDERABAD: The high court on Monday sought CBI joint director VV Lakshminarayana's response to a petition charging him with intentionally leaking information to two vernacular newspapers regarding the agency's ongoing probe into the Jaganmohan Reddy illegal assets case.A division bench comprising acting chief justice PC Ghose and justice C Praveen Kumar asked the CBI counsel to file a reply by July 9. The bench was hearing a public interest litigation filed by one Bhavanam Bhushan, a small-time businessman from Guntur, who contends that the joint director had exceeded his brief by selectively talking to media personnel on the probe.The petitioner pointed out that when similar petitions were filed seeking to restrain CBI authorities from sharing probe details with the media, the authorities had informed the court that they would not be able to share any information with media because of the sensitivity of the cases. \"But the call records of the joint director contradict this. It means that the probe agency had earlier misled the court,\" he said.The bench asked the CBI counsel to explain the need for the investigative agency to speak to the media and sought Lakshminarayana's explanation as to why he had been making calls to some media personnel. The bench also wondered whether the petition qualified as a PIL and advised the petitioner to approach a civil court to obtain an injunction. Lakshminarayana, who is out of station, is likely to be back on July 9. The matter will come up for hearing next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14621820", "title": "State schemes give a new life to coir societies", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The coir co-operative societies in the district are on a revival mode thanks to the financial aid and equipment provided by the state government. A total of 52 coir co-operatives in the district have benefitted from the welfare schemes, under which Rs 24.73 lakh was disbursed to improve the production and sale of coir products.According to the district project officer, the government has also sanctioned Rs 30.31 lakh to improve infrastructure facilities. Besides, Rs 37.16 lakh has been distributed to 35 co-operatives and two small-scale entrepreneurs under the debt relief project.The information-cum-guidance cell attached to the Kozhikode project office helps the entrepreneurs to know about various welfare schemes introduced by the Coir Board and the government, said the project officer.Officials say distribution of mini defibering mills to 22 coir co-operatives and the implementation Beypore coir cluster project have also been crucial in the revival of sector. The move to set up a consortium has helped the co-op societies up their fibre production to 1,350.24 quintal. The renovation of mills for implementing mechanized defibering process was also completed as part of the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14621374", "title": "In life as in sport, flaws provide the flavour", "text": "KOCHI: On Sunday night Spain was immaculate. Even perfect, you could say. It is moot that it would have been different if, say, Germany was the opponent. More likely, it was as though Spain was reserving the best for the last. The long lobs born in the midfield segued into the effortless cross-hatched passing just outside the 18 yard area, and Spain had not just Italy but the world at its feet.Borges would of course disapprove. Don Quixote, after all, was a parody on the price the quest for perfection exacts: Notably in the elimination of flaws, in the airbrushing of ambiguity. Yet flaw and ambiguity are what provide drama to life, the arc for literary narrative and, not least, the torque for a good game of football.Borges' Pierre Menard was about Don Quixote, and how the world's first modern novel that originated in Europe had become in the eyes of Latin American literature the perfect novel too, of how a parody had itself become a parody.Something similar is happening to the Latin American type of football epitomised by Spain. These teams were, and still are, seen as markedly superior because, in the final analysis, the players enjoy playing, winning is secondary. This might seem a folly in competitive games, especially at this level, though, paradoxically, it is this effortlessness that often helps Latin teams win.Spain's ascent to greatness like it has been with Brazil, Argentina and the early Uruguay has come about because they have basically enjoyed their game. The likes of Germany were universally hated because they were martinets, their style of playing regimented.Yet Spain is entering a zone where the borders are beginning to blur. It currently has niggles but no serious flaws. It has reached a certain perfection, and made winning such a habit that creative playfulness becomes a casualty. This is not obvious right now. But La Roja's triumph in Euro 2012 - a kind of triple grand slam -could as well be the beginning of its end in terms of footballing creativity.It would be intriguing to see how it performs in Brazil in 2014 against opponents very similar to it. There could well be a sense of de ja vu. The football aficionado craves folly, a hint of odds, a glimpse of a hidden Achilles heel. Spain doesn't fit the bill. It might be left to Italy and other also-rans this season to provide that, and make football both a spectacle and a two-sided affair.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "14626048", "title": "Leopard found dead", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Yet another predator, this time a leopard, was found dead at Dahegaon jungle in Mul forest range on Monday afternoon. Forest officers, through primary investigations, have concluded that the beast had died of old age and starvation. This is the third instance of a predator death in just four days. Earlier a tiger cub and a fully grown tiger were found dead on Friday and Saturday.Forest officers claimed that a shepherd from Dahegaon village was first to see the decomposed carcass of the leopard. He informed the local forest guard, who subsequently intimated higher officers. ACF Raju Dhabekar, ACF Arun Tikhe and RFO VW Morey rushed to the spot. \"The carcass of a fully grown leopard was recovered in compartment no. 517 of Dahegaon beat in Mul range. It was in decomposed condition and appeared to be more than five days old. However, all its body parts were intact, which rules out poaching,\" said ACF Dahbekar.Sources, however said that primary inspection of the carcass has revealed that the canines of the beast were worn out. \"The leopard might have grown old and its failure to hunt prey could have led to its death due to hunger and weakness,\" said the sources. However, the exact reason of death could be ascertained only after autopsy. Veterinary doctors did not carry out post-mortem of the carcass as it was late in the evening, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14620134", "title": "Perjury notice to HUDA chief", "text": "CHANDIGARH: HUDA administrator Praveen Kumar may be in deep trouble for having filed contrary affidavits and false information before the court.Justice K Kannan of Punjab and Haryana high court on Monday issued a show-cause notice to Praveen Kumar, asking him why proceedings for perjury should not be initiated against him for 'misleading' the court.Justice Kannan has already termed Praveen Kumar's justification of slapping his peon against his transfer orders \"outlandish illustration\", while Kumar had defended his action of slapping the peon as a \"surgeon tearing the abdomen of a patient to remove a tumour\".The orders were framed by Justice Kannan on hearing a petition filed against him by his peon, Mukesh.Importantly, earlier, Praveen Kumar in an open court had conceded that he had slapped Mukesh twice with the purpose of reforming him.However, high court did not intervene in the matter of peon's transfer, but took exception to the contrary stands taken by Praveen Kumar before two benches of the HC. When asked whether Mukesh was forcibly sent on leave, Kumar, in one of the affidavits denied sending him on leave before another bench, and stated that the peon was sent on leave since he was misbehaving. Now, the case would come up for further hearing on July 26 before the HC.Praveen Kumar has been involved in a series of controversies. On one occasion he had resorted to beating himself with his shoe to calm protesters during an anti-encroachment drive, a dramatic act that hit the headlines. During his tenure as DC of Faridabad, he had also cleaned a school toilet and carried a filled mud pan on his head.However, the matter reached the high court, when he allegedly slapped his peon in December last year.When contacted by TOI, Praveen Kumar said, \"Since the matter is sub judice, I would not like to make any comment\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14620618", "title": "At Panjab University, candidates\u2019 poll expenses run into lakhs", "text": "Being a neta at Panjab University is much more than sweating out at campaigns and taking up student welfare. Student organizations, often backed by senior party leaders or even sections of senators, are shelling out anywhere between Rs 50,000 to Rs 1 lakh on help desks alone. This expense is besides others, which includes car rallies, publicity material handouts and logistics that go into student polls each year.While the Lyngdoh committee restricts students to spend up to Rs 5,000 per candidate \"during poll days\", student parties make the most of this pre-poll restriction, which is meant only for few days ahead of elections, by wooing the voters well in advance. \"There is no official record of all these expenses. However, I have been closely watching the PU polls for last 10 years now. The expense totals up to Rs 4 to 5 lakh per candidate or organization. Arranging 10-20 students on help desk means taking care of their meals, printing material, car rallies, flexes and banners - these expenses are huge,\" says Kamal Bhyan, a student at defense studies department. Senate polls in August-September this year, which are held once in four years, would imply greater support to student parties to win votes.\"Now-a-days there are too many restrictions on student organizations and most expenses are done under wraps. With helpdesks also losing sheen, student organizations are thinking of alternative ideas. Only 2,000 to 2,500 students have visited the helpdesks this time, which is a poor response,\" says Sunny Mehta, a student of department of human rights and duties. While the admissions started on June 2, student organizations were permitted to put up help desks form June 26 onwards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14618439", "title": "Pawar opts out of panel on spectrum", "text": "NEW DELHI: Agriculture minister Sharad Pawar has declined to head the empowered ministerial panel on spectrum on the grounds that he does not want to be targeted over controversies relating to the manner in which 2G licences were allocated. He has written to the Prime Minister stating his inability to head the empowered group of ministers on spectrum.Pawar in a statement on Monday said, \"Attempts have been made in the past to unnecessarily drag me in(to) the controversy surrounding the allocation of 2G spectrum... At this juncture, I believe my association in the decision-making process as chairman of the EGoM may further motivate vested interests to drag me in the controversy.\"Pawar wary of engaging with Team AnnaWith agriculture minister Sharad Pawar refusing to head the empowered ministerial panel on spectrum, the Prime Minister will need to nominate a senior minister to head the crucial ministerial panel that is to oversee auctions of cancelled 2G licences. The choice is restricted as home minister P Chidambaram has been warding off questions relating to his stint as finance minister. Defence minister A K Antony is a possibility but his ministry has strong interests in vacation of spectrum.Pawar has been linked to 2G scam accused Vinod Goenka, promoter of Swan Telecom, but the leader has refuted any connection with allocation of 2G licences. The NCP leader's decision is seen as a defensive move as he has been at the receiving end of Gandhian leader Anna Hazare's attacks with the minister in April last year abruptly announcing his decision to quit a GoM on anti-corruption measures after a Hazare diatribe. Pawar had suddenly got up at a press conference when asked about Hazare's allegations and walked off after stating he would not be part of the ministerial panel.Pawar has been wary about engaging with Team Anna and the decision to opt out of heading the ministerial panel on spectrum is likely to be aimed at ensuring that he does not become a target over decisions like refarming airwaves, auctions and reserve price that are bound to attract some measure of criticism and controversy.He said the PM has agreed to his request leaving Singh with the task of naming a replacement. Pawar was named to head the EGoM on spectrum after Pranab Mukherjee quit as finance minister after being nominated as UPA's presidential candidate. Pointing to previous attacks on him, Pawar said, \"...I thought it will be appropriate for me to recuse myself from the position.\"The EGoM is to decide on further vacation of spectrum and to look into grant of fresh 2G licences in lieu of the Supreme Court decision to scrap allocations made when DMK's A Raja was telecom minister in 2008. The process of fixing a reserve price for the new auctions has been a contentious issue. Telecom operators have protested the regulator's recommendation that Rs 18,348 crore be the reserve price for 4.4 MHz of spectrum, an 11-fold increase from Rs 1,658 crore in 2007.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14624380", "title": "Loan pleas pile up as Economic Development Corporation awaits board reconstitution", "text": "PANAJI: While many of the government corporations in the state have been reconstituted, the Economic Development Corporation (EDC) has not been touched.Sources told TOI that the last meeting of the EDC board of directors was held about five months ago.While day-to-day functioning goes on, some decisions regarding term loans to entrepreneurs and one-time settlements are pending. Sources said that big loans to entrepreneurs require the board's approval.EDC joint managing director S P Bhat confirmed that the EDC board has not met in over five months.He also confirmed that various loan applications ranging from 75 lakh to 5 crore are pending before the corporation. Bhat said that loans over 3 crore need the board's approval.\"The applications have been processed in a preliminary meeting and are ready for approval. The EDC board is expected to be reconstituted very soon,\" Bhat said.After the Congress-led former government exited, Congress Calangute MLA Agnelo Fernandes, who was the EDC chairman, quit the post.Other directors of the EDC board, appointed by the previous government and nominees of IDBI, are there, but it is the norm to reconstitute the board once the government changes, sources said.Other government-run bodies such as the Kadamba Transport Corporation, the Goa Industrial Development Corporation, the Goa Tourism Development Corporation and some others have got new chairpersons and new boards. Sources said EDC insiders are now waiting for their new board of directors to clear the pendency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14620301", "title": "Crucial power plant still not operational", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The new thermal power plant in Jharli in Haryana, which was supposed to have answered the power problems of the state's millennium city Gurgaon, is still to be made operational.The 1300 MW plant in Haryana's Jhajjar district was \"synchronized\" in March this year and the plant was to be operational in April. However, it was delayed even after availability of coal following the signing of an MOU with Coal Corporation of India.The plant has been set up by a Hong Kong-based company, China Light and Power Limited, with an agreement with the Haryana government that 90 % of the power produced will be sold to the state.In the first week of June, Haryana power minister Ajay Singh Yadav had told TOI that the first unit of the plant would be operational by June 15 and the second unit by June 25 and the power produce will be able to bridge the demand-supply gap.Since June 15, the plant - christened the Mahatma Gandhi Super Thermal Powerplant -- has been operated twice for trials.Arun Kumar Gupta, managing director of Uttar Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam (UHBVN) and chairman of Haryana Power Purchase Committee said that coal stocks are available to the tune of 50,000 tonnes which can run one unit of 650 MW but refused to comment on why this has not been achieved yet.\"We are totally dependent on the company. They have sufficient stocks as rakes are reaching every day. We cannot comment as far as power generation from Jharli is concerned,\" said Gupta.\"We are conducting technical tests at the plant. We do not have enough coal stocks. Production may have been delayed but the plant has been commissioned well ahead of time,\" said an official of the company, not wanting to be named. Haryana power secretary Ajit Sharan did not comment on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14618590", "title": "Kirori Mal College principal's notice to DSW", "text": "NEW DELHI: Kirori Mal College principal Bhim Sen Singh shot off a legal notice to J M Khurana, dean, students' welfare, asking him to apologize for the \"false allegations\" he made over admission of students without marksheets.Singh has given three days to Khurana to react to his letter. Recently, DU colleges had denied admission to students whose boards hadn't issued marksheets citing the university's admission policy. Infuriated by this, students had vandalized Khurana's office. Khurana had then written to Singh, accusing him of behaving irresponsibly due to which the students vandalized his office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14620772", "title": "Student leaders cane-charged", "text": "LUCKNOW: Several student leaders were injured when the police canecharged them for disrupting the counselling for the UG courses in Lucknow University on Monday. A head constable and a security guard were also injured. Police used the force when student leaders, demanding distribution of 'smart' cards instead of identity cards to the freshers, resorted to stone throwing, injuring several policemen and teachers. Police spokesperson said LU proctor lodged an FIR against 10 students.Trouble started when student leaders stalled the counselling claiming that university had promised to issue 'smart' cards and not ID cards to freshers at the time of admission.Students also claimed that the university was not giving zero fees facility to OBC students. Raising these issues, the students tried to enter the main counseling hall when they were stopped by the security guards.The proctorial team first tried to pacify the students but after things went out of control, police were called.LU officials alleged that student leaders used abusive language and indulged in stone pelting. Apart from several policemen, many teachers and parents were also hit. \"We were left with no option but to bring the situation under control, and hence the police canecharged the students,'' said a university official. They blamed student leaders for instigating the admission seekers and creating ruckus on the campus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "tarakeshwar", "code": "14620701", "title": "Potato traders rebut CM's hoarding charges", "text": "Tarakeshwar: Potato traders and cold storage owners in Hooghly reacted to the accusation of hoarding that chief minister Mamata Banerjee made at the Writers' Buildings on Monday evening and countered that prices have increased countrywide due to drop in production.Speaking to TOI on Monday, officials of State Potato Traders' Association and cold storage owners said production of potato was down 15%, leading to a mismatch in demand and supply. \"In 2010 and 2011, around 1 crore tonnes of potatoes were produced in the state. But this year, the production is at 85 lakh tonnes. Usually, around 17-18% of the potatoes are released in the market in June. This year, around 22% potatoes are already in the market but the price continues to remain firm,\" an official of Cold Storage Owners' Association said.Big traders also pointed out that price of potato in Uttar Pradesh, the highest producer of the crop in the country, was also high. West Bengal is the second largest producer of potato with wholesale markets in Tarakeshwar, Champadanga, Singur, Ratanpur and Arambagh accounting for not only the bulk of potato sales in the state but also accounting for the demand in Orissa and Assam.Blaming the unusually firm price of potatoes and all other vegetables on middlemen, cold storage owners alleged that the latter were charging a hefty amount on transport cost. Farmers, though, said the earnings remained low with marginal farmers selling their produce at Rs 600-700 a quintal.The CM, on Monday, squarely blamed hoarding for the unprecedented rise in agricultural commodities and called for raids to get supplies going. But traders and cold storage owners countered that politicians of all major parties, including Trinamool Congress and CPM, were part of the trade.\"At the potato traders' committee, one can spot Swapan Samanta of Trinamool Congress and former CPM zilla parishad sabhapati Asit Patra. Everyone has a share of the pie. So, why blame a section of traders or cold storage owners?\" asked an owner of a cold storage unit in Hooghly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14623576", "title": "Rape and murder: HC summons Punjab DGP", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Taking a serious note of the failure of Punjab police in nabbing the accused involved in more than two years old rape and murder of a minor girl of Jalandhar, Punjab and Haryana high court on Monday summoned Punjab DGP.The orders were made by Justice Daya Chaudhary while hearing a petition filed by victim's mother Manjit Kaur, 40, who sought directions that the investigation be handed over to some higher official above the rank of the SP, preferably a woman IPS officer. Manjit Kaur alleged that local police had been unable to arrest the accused.Sunaina, who was around 16 years old, studied in Class IX at Government Girls School in Jalandhar at the time the crime happened. Justice Daya Chaudhary ordered in an open court that the DGP appears in person on July 16 and an affidavit be filed on the issue.The petitioner informed the court that on November 10, 2009, her minor daughter Sunaina visited the house of her friend Mamta in Nahlan village but did not return. On the next day, the petitioner came to know of some dead body of a girl lying on a vacant plot at Green Park. The petitioner and her brother went to the place and identified the body to be that of Sunaina. The body was partially burnt with smell of kerosene emanating from it. A bottle of liquor, five drinking glasses and a packet of namkeen were found nearby. The girl was strangulated with a wire and multiple wounds had been inflicted on the body.On the basis of said statement, police picked up Sandy and Bhima, residents of Basti Danasmanda, who were later released. Investigation found that someone named Rohit had an affair with the girl.Counsel for the petitioner Mohinder Kumar submitted before the court that inaction showed apathy of the state police towards such heinous offences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14620623", "title": "Schools to remain closed till July 9", "text": "NOIDA: The incessant heat wave has forced the Gautam Budh Nagar district administration to keep schools in Noida and Greater Noida closed for another week. The district magistrate has ordered the extension of the summer vacation for schools till July 8. All schools will reopen on July 9.Officials said that the order will be effective for all schools, including government, private, missionary, charitable, aided and unaided ones. As per the order, all schools up to class 10 would remain closed till January 8. However, principals of schools have been given the discretion on whether students of classes 11 and 12 should attend their schools from July 3. Earlier, primary and government schools, including those affiliated to ICSE and CBSE, were to open on July 2. \"The decision to extend summer vacations has been taken due to the extreme hot weather,\" said Jyoti Prasad, district Basic Shiksha Adhikari.To ensure that all students get the message, schools began sending messages and emails to parents from Saturday. \"We have got the order and are implementing it. It will, nonetheless, disturb the academic schedule,\" said Arul Raj, principal, Somerville School.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14637023", "title": "Karthika hasn't been signed on for Gold yet", "text": "Traffic director Rajesh Pillai's next, Gold, has been in the news for a long time now. Reports said that the film based on the lives of athletes, will also be actress Karthika Nair's second in Mollywood.However, when we contacted her, Karthika said, \"The director did approach me for the film but I haven't signed the contract yet. Rajesh is busy with the Hindi remake of Traffic. He's still in touch with me for the film, though we haven't entered into an official agreement yet.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14622514", "title": "Sivaganga village reaps the benefits of water management", "text": "MADURAI: Kavanur village in Sivaganga district is marching ahead with its paddy cultivation by budgeting its surface water under the World Bank funded Irrigated Agriculture Modernisation and Water-bodies Restoration and Management (IAMWARM).Singaperumal, a villager, says they did not show much interest in the project when the officers first told them about it. \"We are farmers who depend solely on the rains. So we did not pay much attention when the officers started talking about budgeting the water in our village. But now, after four years of hard work, we are seeing our hard work yielding excellent results,\" he said.IAMWARM is a multi-disciplinary project integrating the departments of the PWD, Agriculture, Agriculture Engineering, Agriculture Marketing, Fisheries and Animal Husbandry and the Tamil Nadu Agriculture University. It starts with these departments setting up a single window information centre in the chosen village which has the names of officers who head the various departments and their contact numbers in addition to representatives who are based in the centre.Earlier, this village had more barren fields than green ones because of poor water management techniques. But the farmers were then encouraged to go in for System of Rice Intensification (SRI), a paddy cultivation system, which brings out better yield with less water. The single window centre has a queue of farmers coming in every day, seeking all sorts of help about their crops, cattle or water issues and sometimes even to place demands for more bus services to their village. \"Even issues about roads and bus services are passed on to the concerned departments from the centre,\" say PWD sources. These farmers, who are traditional paddy cultivators, are now also moving on to cash crops like sugarcane.\"We use our ground water like gold, and the surface water in the three important tanks including the PWD tank Periyakavani kanmai and the smaller Chinnakavani and Pandamuthu tank very judiciously without wasting a single drop,\" said Shanmugam, a farmer. The women in the village too are now well versed in the technique of water management. \"We try to ensure that we don't draw more than what we get,\" said Rani, another villager.C Subramanian, president of the village water users association, says their village is really benefiting from the modern techniques. \"This village cultivates over an area of about 80 acres. We are reaping about 10 bags of paddy more from each acre, after the scheme was implemented,\" he said. Before the IAMWARM project they got only 20 bags per acre but now, they harvested 30 bags per acre he said. He also ensured proper distribution of water from the tanks to all the fields.Speaking to The Times of India, Sivaganga district collector V Rajaraman, said the pro-active farmers had proved how they could benefit by co-operating and collaborating with the government departments. He has also directed the PWD to ensure that feeder channels of these tanks in the village are freed from encroachments and silt for better results.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14624658", "title": "Monthlong programme begins for MSW students", "text": "Mysore: Monthlong programme Professionaly Organized Block Placement Activity for Social Entrepreneurs (Probase) for final year students of MSW started on Monday.The objective of the programme is to provide the students an exposure to different development issues. Students from Karnatak University (Dharwad), Rani Chennamma University (Belgaum) and Wome'n University (Bijapur) are taking part in the programme. They will be associated with a development project of their choice run by Vivekananda Institute for Leadership Development (V-LEAD).Speaking at the inaugural function, police commissioner K L Sudheer called upon the students to become social entrepreneurs and work for the development of the society. Dr R Balasubramaniam, founder of Swami Vivekananda Youth Movement, and Sudarshan, director of academic and programmes, V-LEAD, were present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14616967", "title": "Hussainsagar clean-up project progressing at a snail's pace", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Hussainsagar lake cleaning and catchment area improvement project began four years ago, but so far only 60% work has been completed by the Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA). Though the state government fixed a fresh deadline, March 2013, to complete the project, the authority is likely to miss this deadline too as some major works, including dredging, are yet to begin.Even if dredging and disposal of sediments begin now, it would take at least a year for completing the work. Some other works like eco park, proposed near KIMS hospital, has landed in legal wrangles, while shoreline improvement work is yet to be completed.The Hussainsagar Lake and Catchment Area Improvement Project (HCIP) is being taken up at a cost of Rs 370 crore. Of the total project cost, Rs 310 crore is being funded by the Japan International Cooperation Agency ( JICA) and the rest, Rs 60 crore, by the state government. The project began in 2008 and the original deadline was December 2012, but later it was rescheduled to March 2013.The main objectives of the project are to clean the water, prevent pollutants from entering the lake and maintain round-the-year water balance in it. The project also includes removal of sediments from lakebed, interception and diversion of flows, improvement of nalas, maintain overall lake environment and its surroundings.As part of the project, it was decided to construct a new 30 million litres per day (MLD) sewerage treatment plant (STP) on the Picket nala and upgradation of existing 20 MLD STP at Hussainsagar, construction of ring sewers around the lake and a small STP of 5 MLD capacity at Ranghadhamini Chervu.Sources said the STP at KIMS would be ready by next month, while the STPs at Khairatabad and Kukatpally might take another two months. The construction of ring sewers around the lake were completed, but trunk sewers in the Secunderabad Cantonment area were yet to be done. Nala improvement works were also progressing at a snail's pace with hitches like encroachments. An eco park proposed near KIMS was stalled due to a court case and shoreline improvement work at Sanjeeviah Park would be completed in a month. A few months ago, the HMDA had installed aeration equipment for improving dissolved oxygen content in the lake.When contacted, HMDA executive engineer (HCIP) BLN Reddy said dredging, which is the main component of the project, would begin next month as tender process has been completed.\"Dredging work will be taken up at a cost of Rs 40 crore and the agency has been finalized. The contractor has to complete the work within 12 months,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14624708", "title": "Traffic cops crack the whip", "text": "Mysore: Concerned over a spurt in road accidents involving minors, city traffic cops on Monday swung into action and cracked down on under-aged drivers in Mysore.In a special drive carried out between 7.30am and 9.30am, police booked some six dozen under-aged drivers studying in Marimallappa and Sadvidya colleges and imposed fines on them and the owners of their vehicles. According to law, under-aged driving is prohibited, and even those who allow minors to ride/ drive can be penalized.ACP (traffic) Shankregowda said recently, a 15-year-old student riding a two-wheeler was killed after hitting a goods auto in Ramakrishnanagar. Also, a senior citizen was fatally knocked down by a PU student, an under-aged driver, in Vijayanagar. \"There are many such instances involving under-aged drivers. We will carry out special drives to book cases against minor drivers,\" he added.Vehicle owners allowing minors to ride/ drive vehicles will be fined Rs 1,000, while it is Rs 300 for minors. \"If a minor is involved in any fatal accident, (s)he will be arrested and produced before juvenile court,\" Shankregowda explained.Meanwhile, the ACP has advised college authorities as well as parents to educate their students and children on traffic safety. Devaraja traffic police inspector Mohammed Irshad said they have booked around 75 minors for bringing vehicles on roads without licences, and as many owners for allowing them to ride/ drive during the drive which was assisted by sub-inspector Ravikumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14625418", "title": "'Infertile' woman gives birth to quadruplets", "text": "LONDON: A 20-year-old Brit woman, told at the age of 15 she would never have children , has beaten twenty five million-to-one odds to give birth to quadruplets.The gorgeous girls, Evelynn , Gracie-Lou , Rosaline and Amalia-Rose Connaughton , are six months old and have been christened in their hometown of Telford, Shropshire, the Daily Mail reported.Remarkably, all four - made up of two sets of identical twins - were conceived naturally in a quadruplet pregnancy considered to be very rare and potentially very dangerous.Their mother, Charlene Medlicott, had been diagnosed with suffering from polycystic ovaries as a teenager and been told she would never give birth.Charlene's condition restricts ovulation and, doctors told her, dramatically lowered odds of her becoming pregnant , down to almost zero.And upon discovering she was pregnant with quadruplets , doctors advised the 20-year-old to abort two of them to give the other two a better chance of survival.Evelynn Lillian Julie and her twin Rosaline Anita Mae were born prematurely in the same delivery as Gracie-Lou Anne and her twin Amalia-Rose Rachael last December.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14623677", "title": "Officials gear up to check Allahabad's population, generate awareness", "text": "ALLAHABAD: In an effort to ensure better and prosperous family and spread awareness among eligible couples, the officials of health department are busy in maintaining Eligible Couple Register, both at the block and wards level. And, as the population of Allahabad district has already crossed 59.59 lakh with 4.2% reproduction rate, officials and health department staff are apprising eligible couples of various family planning methods.Chief medical officer, Dr Ramesh Kumar Srivastava said \"We are promoting the usage of safe and secure family planning methods like contraceptives both temporary and permanent. To achieve the target, the health authorities are relying more on street plays and magic shows to raise the awareness level among rural based couples.\"The CMO further maintained that the district health authorities have chalked out a specific plan to target eligible couples while observing the World Population Day on July 11. For that, a series of a series of awareness campaign including street plays, short films on family planning, and debate competitions in educational institutes and poster competitions are to be held across the district. The department has also coined other slogans like small family, overall development.Additional CMO, National Rural Health Mission Dr Chandan Lal told TOI, \"We have been contacting and convincing couples after launching a specific programme named 'Couple Convincing Fortnight' and under the programme health workers like ANMs, ASHA are contacting eligible couples and promoting family planning methods.\" He further added that the department would be observing population stabilisation fortnight between July 11 and 24 wherein we would be exhibiting various methods of family planning and awaking masses about reproduction rate, child health and HIV\".Dr Srivastava, meanwhile, maintained that programmes meant to promote family planning would be organised at community health centres, and district women hospital on the occasion of World Population Day. In fact, district authorities too have chalked out a series of plans to observe population stabilisation fortnight between July 11 and 24 with the concept of 'Kushhali ka Aadhaar - Chota Pariwaar' and the programmes would be held at district headquarter as well as block level. A family health mela would be held at Dufferin Hospital on July 12 and health workers doing good jobs for family planning, would be honoured.Deputy CMO Dr Vivek Srivastava said that counselling is an important factor to convince eligible couples for family planning methods and teams of doctors would be doing the same during the fortnight at government hospitals and community health centres. The population of Allahabad is around 59.59 lakh including 31.33 lakh males and 28.26 lakh females. Similarly, district's growth rate is 20.74%, while the CPR is 43.8%. As far as family planning status is concerned, women are a step ahead against their male counterparts as 29.59% women had adopted family planning measures as compared to 0.30 percent males.While 8.4% male adopt condoms for family planning, women adopt 1.1% ICUD and 1.2% contraceptives for the same. Apart from this, 5.8% adopt other measures for family planning in the district.According to the recently conducted Census of India, our population stands at 1.21 billion. As per the projections, India's population would be 1.40 billion by 2026. With only 2.4% of the entire world's landmass to support 17% of the global population, the steady decline in total fertility rate is encouraging, with 14 states out of 35 already achieving the replacement fertility level of 2.1.The departments concerned are focusing on the high fertility areas for population stabilisation, as per the reports. Health authorities are focusing on efforts to create awareness and persuade eligible couples to have smaller families for the betterment of health of mother, child and entire family. The measures that have contributed to the lowering of fertility rate includes improving literacy levels, empowerment of women, discouraging adolescent marriages, delaying of the first child birth, enhancement in the compensation package for sterilisation, encouraging male participation in sterilisation and involving village level community health workers in promoting family planning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14618996", "title": "Power tussle: Subsidy stays for less than 200 units", "text": "NEW DELHI: The subsidy for consumers using up to 200 electricity units per month will continue, the cabinet decided on Monday. The government at present allows a Re 1 subsidy per unit, and will have to spend Rs 222.4 crore on the measure.\"The subsidy will benefit 59% of the domestic consumers,\" chief minister Sheila Dikshit said. That's 19 lakh of the 34 lakh domestic consumers.Announcing the decision, Dikshit said her government had no role in the recent tariff hike but it had become necessary due to higher costs. She also pointed out that other large cities were paying more for power.Dikshit said, with 200 units a family could run two fans for 20 hours, two tube lights for six hours, a TV for four hours, a refrigerator round the clock, and a water pump for an hour, every day.Her calculation takes into account the fact that a water pump is not used all day, and coolers are only used in summer.The CM said those who use more than 200 units a month should reduce consumption. \"People do not have control over power consumption. They use four-five air conditioners at a time at home. They will have to change their habits.\"Unfazed by criticism for the steep hike, Dikshit said, \"The DERC had to hike the tariff to ensure that people of Delhi continue to get power. There is no alternative but to increase the rates as cost of power purchase has gone up significantly. If anybody has any grievance or wants to say anything about the hike, they should go to DERC or the Central Electricity Regulatory Commission,\" she said.Power tariff for domestic consumers was hiked last week by 26% \u2014 the fourth time in 10 months. The average hike was 20.87% for all segments. The new tariff came into effect on Sunday.BJP attacks govt over tariff hikeNEW DELHI: The BJP sharpened its attack against the Congress-led state government over the power tariff hike. State BJP president Vijender Gupta said that on completion of 10 years of privatization of power, government and DERC have shocked consumers by gifting them a steep power tariff hike.\"The consumers are not in a position to tolerate this shock at a time when inflation is severely impacting their daily lives ,\" Gupta said.While the state government claimed that the power subsidy will benefit 59% of the domestic consumers, the BJP contested the claim by alleging that the numbers projected by the government are inflated and in fact a large number of consumers will be affected by the hike.\"There is a significant population in J J clusters too who consume more than 200 units. These people may not get the benefit of rebate of Re 1. 60% of consumers utilize more than 600 units of power. The tariff will impact the middle class the most.\"\"Consumers are being looted by the power companies. Government and the DERC are working in favour of the power companies. Power supply has been privatized in Delhi which is gross injustice to the common man,\" said a statement issued by the state BJP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14620457", "title": "CRPF chief defends anti-Red operations at Bijapur", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amid demands of thorough inquiry into the last week's encounter between Maoists and security forces in Chhattisgarh, the CRPF chief K Vijay Kumar on Monday briefed the Union home minister P Chidambaram about the sequence of events highlighting how ultras use villagers as human shields in such incidents and said the action of paramilitary forces was necessary under the circumstances.Kumar is learnt to have told Chidambaram that though the ongoing police and magisterial inquiries would reveal in black and white the status, including age-profile of all those killed in the incident, there was no doubt about the three dreaded Maoists among the deceased.The CRPF also submitted its report to the ministry, stating that the entire operation was planned on the basis of specific intelligence input from the Andhra Pradesh Police which reported about the movement of Maoists from Andhra-Odisha border to Silger between Chintalnar and Basaguda in Chhattisgarh.The three Maoists, who were eliminated during the encounter, were Marakkam Suresh, Marakkam Nagesh and R Somulu. While Suresh was wanted in seven cases, including the 2007 Dantewada jail-break, Nagesh and Somulu were involved in an incident each in Chhattisgarh.Home secretary R K Singh, who too was briefed by Kumar about the incident, ruled out any other inquiry into the incident. Defending action of his personnel, Kumar said his force,in the jungles of Silger in Bijapur, faced the fire first at night and his men retaliated according to Standard Operating Procedures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14625374", "title": "Poisonous seas drove dinos to extinction?", "text": "WASHINGTON: Poisonous seawater probably may have driven two of the Earth's best-known mass extinctions , say Penn State University researchers . It is understood that an asteroid the size of Mt Everest ended the reign of the dinosaurs when it struck Mexico's Yucatan Peninsula 65 million years ago.The impact resulted in firestorms and deadly gases that made trouble for life on land. According to geochemist Lee Kump of Penn State University, something more was going on in the oceans. Earth is perfectly capable of concocting a toxic brew all on its own, he told the audience at his plenary talk on Thursday at the 2012 Goldschmidt Conference in Montreal .Kump thinks toxic seas were taking their toll at the end of the Permian period, about 250 million years ago. At that time, the planet suffered its Great Dying, the most extreme biological crisis yet known: 95% of all species were extinguished forever.The poison that time around was hydrogen sulfide. And the underlying source of this massive dose of toxic gas, Kump said, was a prolonged episode of global warming.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "14626458", "title": "Sangma's Sonia jibe has few takers in Meghalaya", "text": "SHILLONG: The raking up of the \"long-forgotten foreign origin\" issue of Congress president and UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi by presidential aspirant Purno A'gitok Sangma has not gone done well with most people in Meghalaya with several intellectuals maintaining that it was \"unbecoming and lowly\" of a person aiming for the highest office in the world's largest democracy.\"This was a narrow issue raised by people with a communal bent of mind and had died a natural death due to the inherent secular characteristic of the people of India, \" said a retired college lecturer. \"Sangma, who aspires to occupy the highest office in a secular nation, should not have raised this divisive issue again, more since he had reportedly apologized to Sonia Gandhi over the matter,\" he added.\"Majority of Indians may be poor and illiterate but being from an ancient civilization, which has assimilated several cultures, languages and religions, people of this heritage nation are largely broad-minded and magnanimous and therefore rightfully consider Sonia as their very own as she is as much an Indian as anybody else,\" says a young research scholar. He added that Sonia Gandhi enjoys \"widespread support\" from a large section of the masses throughout the country, which is a \"melting pot\" of cultures from all over the world.\"It goes to show that Sangma has no other constructive card to play nor any meaningful proposition to offer to the people except for harping on the narrow issues of his being a tribal and a Christian candidate,\" says an activist of the Youth Congress.In fact, Shillong Lok Sabha member and Union minister of state Vincent H Pala of the Congress, who, too, is a member of the Indian Tribal Forum, has gone on record saying that Sangma was not a presidential candidate of the Forum as he had been claiming.Meanwhile, an all-faith prayer meeting was organized by the Meghalaya unit of NCP at Tura and Shillong on Sunday, seeking \"divine intervention\" for Sangma's presidential bid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14625937", "title": "Tastier, genuine wine once laws are passed", "text": "PUNE:That wine on your table will soon be tastier, more authentic and healthier once India gets its wine legislation or wine laws.Carbonated wines which are passed off as sparkling wines, artificial wines produced from imported wine concentrates and the use of table grapes for wine production will be prohibited once the legislation is in place. Domestic producers will have to bring out wine using a variety of grapes of 'vitis vinifera', as is done in other countries, instead of table grapes, thus helping the consumer know the true type of wine paid for.The city-based Indian Grape Processing Board (IGPB), set up under the ministry of food processing industries, is in the process of drafting the wine legislation for India. The board recently became a member of the Parisbased Organisation Internationale de la Vigne et du Vin (OIV), a UN-modeled international agency formed to help member nations improve grapes and wine production on scientific lines.The IGPB's oenology committee (oenology is the art of wine-making) has submitted the first draft of the wine legislation. \"The draft has defined almost all grape and wine products,\" said Rajiv Seth, chairman of the committee. \"It is necessary to first define all the products in detail \u2014 for instance, what constitutes wine and its basic definition, grapes that can be used in wine production, as well as complementary definitions on sugar content, which will further define the various types of wines like dry, semi-dry, semisweet and so on.\"IGPB chairman Jagdish Holkar, who is also the president of the All-India Wine Producers' Association, said wine is different from other alcoholic beverages and hence needs separate laws. \"It is imperative for producers to adopt wine production practices mentioned under the law. With India joining the OIV which consists of 45 countries including France, Germany and Italy, it has become necessary for us to adopt global norms,\" he said.Seth said that in the international wine trade, wine laws enforce regulations about the additives and processes that can be used in winemaking, collectively known as oenological practices. The set of wine regulations covers the details of oenological practices that are permitted within a particular country that limit additive use up to a maximum limit as well as regulations of wine import, including the scope for multilateral and bilateral wine trade agreements. The guidelines of labeling the wine produced domestically or imported from other jurisdictions are also part of wine regulations.On the changes that the legislation will bring about in the wine industry, Seth said, \"Many domestic wine producers will be prohibited from using table grapes for production. Varietal that belongs to 'vitis vinifera' will only be allowed in wine making, once the laws comes into force. Producers will also not be able to misrepresent the grape varietal that is mentioned on the label of wine,\" he said.Varietal is a wine made principally from one variety of grape and carrying the name of that grape.Economically, the move will increase the competitiveness of Indian wine producers in the international wine trade. \"It will strengthen India's reputation as a quality wine producer, which is important as India is looked upon as a new entrant in international wine circles. This exercise will create a wine regime that preserves the best traditions of wine production and empowers the grape growers, both economically and socially,\" Seth said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14619655", "title": "Fire engulfs liquor shop on MG Road", "text": "GURGAON: A fire broke out at a liquor shop on MG Road on Monday. A two-wheeler and 35 boxes of liquor bottles were gutted in the fire. However, a fire-tender was pressed into service which doused the fire within an hour. There was no casualty in the incident A short circuit led to the fire, said fire officials.According to officials, the blaze in the liquor shop, situated between Sahara Mall and Vipul Agora building started around 3:15am and spread rapidly. The salesman at the liquor shop informed the fire officials immediately. A fire-fighting team led by Mahendra Singh Bhardwaj, assistant divisional fire officer, reached the spot around 3:25 am. \"More than 35 boxes of liquor bottles and a motorbike were gutted in the fire,\" said Bhardwaj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14619977", "title": "Evacuation drill fails on many counts", "text": "MUMBAI: It took 12 minutes for the first fire engine to enter the Mantralaya complex and 15 minutes to evacuate all persons on Monday, when a drill to test emergency response was undertaken on Monday.The drill, planned after the June 21 blaze, left a lot to be desired. Ministers gave it a miss, while the response from other respondents, apprised of the plan, lacked the seriousness of a disaster situation. While the state administration was appreciated for organizing the drill, independent observers (experts from Yashada, Mumbai fire brigade and Maharashtra fire services) pointed out many deficiencies during a debriefing session later.But Pravin Pardeshi, principal secretary (relief and rehabilitation), the drill's coordinator, felt the \"first-such\" exercise went off well. Armed with inputs from the observers, Pardeshi said improvements will be introduced in the following evacuation drills.There was no surprise element in the drill. Employees were told that the fire alarm will go off at 4pm, indicating that they should move out in an \"orderly\" fashion. Senior officials, designated as field marshals, coordinated the evacuation on each floor, along with some civil defence volunteers.Chief secretary Jayant Kumar Banthia hinted that the \"surprise element\" could be introduced after two to three drills. Banthia expressed satisfaction with the overall awareness among staffers on the drill.When the alarm went off, employees, many of who were waiting outside the corridors ready to rush down, approached staircases. While escape routes were marked on each floor, observers found refuge portions near staircases of the annexe building congested. Volunteers were forced to divert some people to other routes.Amid the hectic activity, a physically challenged person on the third floor was left to fend for himself.Employees came out in 15 minutes, though a senior official agreed the ideal response time would have been less than 10 minutes. People were told to assemble in groups in open spaces. The exit gates remained closed. The first fire engine and sky-lift from Marine Drive fire station arrived at 4.12pm, followed by an ambulance at 4.15 pm. During debriefing, experts attributed a communication lapse for a delay in the fire brigade's response. The Mantralaya control room claimed it informed the fire control immediately, while the latter said it received a call at 4.08pm. Lack of coordination was also blamed for the failure of the police stationed outside to open the gates and let people outside without specific instructions.The public address system was not effectively used on all floors. Metal detectors at the 'out' gates created hurdles. Pardeshi hinted at a special drill for the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14635466", "title": "Rural job scheme field assistants demand payment of salaries", "text": "HYDERABAD: While the workers of MGNREGS are on cloud nine with the rural development department spending Rs 674 crore towards their wages in June alone, field assistants of the rural job scheme, however, are up in arms over non-payment of salaries to them for the last several months.Demanding payment of salaries, several field assistants from the districts are making a beeline to the rural development commissionerate office here. Some of them complained to commissionerate director Murali that they have not been paid salaries since joining the duties. Others said their salaries have been stopped ever since the government hiked the payment to Rs 2,600 from Rs 2,200 in 2011. \"In fact, the government has promised to increase our salaries to Rs 5,000 and implent HRA. But very little has been done to alleviate our problems,\" charged field assistants union leader Syamalaiah.The authorities said the salaries have been paid to those field assistants who had achieved the targets and fulfilled the work days' criterion. \"There are nearly 1,800 field assistants who have not fulfilled the targets but are still on the payrolls,\" a senior official pointed out.On the other hand, in what could gladden the hearts of thousands of NREGS workers, the government claimed to have spent Rs 2,500 crore in the first three months of April, May and June on the UPA government's flagship programme. This when the government had spent Rs 4,000 crore in the entire year in 2011. While 77.14 lakh workers were provided Rs 1,017.23 crore after 5.27 crore work days in May this year, 90 lakh workers were distributed wages of Rs 674 crore after 6.40 crore work days.An official of DWMA, which oversees implementation of MGNREGS works in the state, said the works were apace in all the mandals of 22 districts of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14635667", "title": "3G roaming case: TDSAT gives split verdict", "text": "NEW DELHI: Telecom tribunal TDSAT on Tuesday gave a split verdict in the 3G intra-circle roaming case with its chairman allowing operators' plea against the government order to stop the service, while its member dismissed it.The two member bench comprising its Chairman Justice S B Sinha and Member P K Rastogi differed in theirs findings.Justice Sinha allowed the telecom operators' plea against the government's directive to stop intra circle 3G roaming saying that it was violative of natural justice.Rastogi, however, dismissed telecom operators plea saying they cannot provide roaming.The chairman was of view that the DoT had not followed the proper procedure and the operators were not given proper time to put their views.According to Justice Sinha it was a violation of natural justice. Setting aside the DoT's order to operators to stop ICR roaming, he asked DoT to start the procedure afresh by giving proper time to operators to respond.Meanwhile, Rastogi dismissed the appeal of telecom operators saying that they can't provide 3G services by having mere 2G licence.TDSAT has a sanctioned strength of three people including the Chairman. However, due to retirement of its technical member the tribunal now has two people, which led to the split verdict.The Telecom Disputes Settlement and Appellate Tribunal (TDSAT) had concluded its marathon hearing on the plea in April.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "14626726", "title": "Free heart surgery for 81 Manipuri children", "text": "IMPHAL: At least 81 children in the state have successfully undergone free open heart surgery under the Heart to Heart project, a humanitarian initiative that was launched by the Rotary Club Imphal (RCI) in October 2008.\"Till June this year, 81 children have been given the gift of free open heart surgery at Escorts Heart Institute, New Delhi and Mission Hospital, Durgapur,\" said Rotarian Ng Indrakumar Singh, who was elected president of RCI on Sunday.Singh, who is also the head of the gynaecology department of the state-run Jawaharlal Nehru Institute of Medical Sciences (JNIMS), said the main focus of the newly-elected Rotarian team would still be on this project and they would try to overcome the shortcomings of the initiative.Interestingly, a documentary film christened Heart to Heart, produced by the RCI and directed by renowned documentarian Bachaspatimayum Sunzu Sharma, bagged a National Film Award last year.\"We intend to continue and improve all the existing vocational service projects of our club-free computer training of underprivileged children, tailoring and embroidery of physically challenged children etc. This club will continue to honour the recipients of various vocational awards in different fields as well as senior citizens,\" Singh added.Another community service like safe drinking water and a sanitation project at RCC village Awang Potsangbam in Imphal will continue to receive the new team's attention, he said.During the 39th installation ceremony of the RCI at its multi-service centre in Imphal on Sunday, the club gave away its annual prize to different outstanding persons of the state. The awards were handed over by commerce and industries minister Govindas Konthoujam.One of the awardees was HIV positive muscleman Khundrakpam Pradip Kumar Singh, who notched the eighth position in the Mr World competition held in Russia .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "madikeri", "code": "14623558", "title": "Missed call sparks off affair, ends in murder", "text": "Madikeri: It isn't the first case where a missed call has sparked off a friendship or an affair. But this time it ended in the murder of a young woman. Police have succeeded in cracking the murder of woman who was found dead in a lodge in Virajpet.Geetha alias Latha, 30, was found strangled to death on June 16.Ravi alias Karthamada Kuttanna from T Shettigeri in Kodagu was arrested from Bangalore on Saturday for the murder, said SP Manjunath Annigeri.It all began about six months ago when Kuttanna got a missed call on his mobile. He called the number back which was Geetha's. The duo struck up a friendship over phone. In May, Kuttana evinced an interest in meeting Geetha and invited her to Virajpet, She was working in a factory in Coimbatore.In his statement to police, Kuttanna said that he was very disappointed when he met Geetha. Neither was she beautiful as he had expected, and, moreover, she was married with two %children.Kuttanna told police that she had lied about her marital status and he felt cheated when she told him that she was married.However, he invited her to stay with him in a lodge in Virajpet on June 15. Police said that Kuttanna had sex with Geetha, got her drunk and strangled her to death with a nylon rope. Geetha was from Tora village near Virajpet.Police got their clue from the CCTV installed at the reception in the hotel.Kuttanna had given his Mysore address. When police landed there, he was absconding. He was working for MTR in Bangalore, they said. Kuttanna has been remanded to judicial custody. SP Annigeri announced a cash reward for the team that solved the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "14626096", "title": "New agricultural policy to be implemented soon: Vikhe Patil", "text": "GONDIA: State agriculture minister Radhakrushna Vikhe Patil announced in Gondia that the new agricultural policy in the state would be implemented soon and that efforts are on to establish an agricultural college in the district. He was speaking at a function at Mayur Lawns of village Katangi Kala near Gondia on Sunday.As a part of 100th birth anniversary celebration of late Yeshwantrao Chavan and birth anniversary of pioneer of green revolution in the state former chief minister Vasantrao Naik, an inaugural function of \"Krushi Chetana\" drive was arranged.In his inaugural address at the function, Vikhe Patil said that even if monsoon is delayed, \"our priorities shall not be changed. The new agriculture policy shall be implemented come what may\". He said that the PKV has been asked to prepare a proposal for an agricultural college in the district.Out of 1.98 lakh hectares of paddy cultivation in the district, he expected that the cultivators be trained for paddy cultivation by \"Shri\" method of cultivation. For this purpose, about 20,000 hectares of land is likely to come under this drive, he said.He assured giving encouragement to sugar cane cultivators and declared that 75% subsidy will be given for extension of APMCs of Naxal-affected regions.To give impetus to the work of farm workers, laptops were distributed to agriculture assistants. Asha Ramteke was given the laptop as a token of the inauguration of this drive by the agriculture minister.Prominent among those who were present on the occasion were chairman of ZP Gondia Netram Katre, MLAs Gopaladas Agrawal, Dr. Khushal Bopche, Ramrataan Raut, MLC Keshawrao Mankar, former MLA Sewak Waghaye, vice-president of ZP Vinod Agrawal, CEO Dr. Yeshwant Gedam, agriculture director Umakant Dangat, director Kishore Toshniwal and MD of Seeds Corporation Bansod.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14622612", "title": "Meet the biker boys of Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: Rishab Kumar Jain is 60, but every time he rides his favourite machine, a 500-cc Royal Enfield Classic, he feels like a 20-year-old. Jain is one of the top riders of Royal Pandiyas, the only Royal Enfield rider's club in Madurai. Launched in 2010, the Royal Pandiyas organises monthly tours and has so far made 14 tours, the longest being a seven-day trip to Goa in 2011. \"There is a different high in riding our machines together as part of the Royal Pandiyas,\" Jain says.What makes this club different from others, according to its general secretary S Kadhar Mohideen, is its togetherness. \"Unlike many other biker clubs, we don't travel in mini groups during our tours. We ride together and therein lies our success,\" he says. The club now has 150 members from Madurai and surrounding areas. \"One need not be a professional rider to join the club. Anyone who owns a Royal Enfield can become a member by paying a minimal amount. The idea is to give everyone an opportunity to enjoy the ride as well as to explore the possibilities of the machine,\" says K G Athilingam, president of Royal Pandiyas and also the proprietor of G G Motors, sole dealer of the Royal Enfield in Madurai.The club, which first started out with 10 members, would initially organise only by-monthly trips in and out of Tamil Nadu. But after receiving a tremendous response, they started arranging monthly trips. \"We prepare a trip calendar at the beginning of the year and conduct tours accordingly. The itinerary of the trips varies from one to three days,\" says Kadhar, who has been a part of every trip till date.The 2011-trip calendar included 'Ancient Ayurveda' (Sirumalai), Shevroy Express (Yercaud), Chill Ride (Topslip), The Twin Rocks (Kanyakumari), Royal Enfield Rider Mani (Goa) and Queen Hills Ride (Ooty). Many cite the seven-day ride to Goa as the most memorable trip. \"The route we took to Goa was via Kasargod (Kerala) and the stretch between Kasargod and Mangalore was bad. But we managed to tide over the difficult parts. The ride back was adventurous as well, as we covered 700 km in one day,\" says Jain, who has been riding the Enfield for 45 years.The club is planning its next trip to Meghamalai, a misty mountain range in Theni district of Tamil Nadu. Kadhar says the hills are the best place to test the strength of their bike as well as their own endurance. \"Last year, when we rode to Kavunji, a village that is situated 32 km from Kodaikanal. Though the climate was superb, we had a tough time on the return journey. Thick fog and rain reduced our visibility, but we had great faith in our machines,\" he says. Besides tours, the Royal Pandiyas also organise monthly events apart from preparing for a bigger dream, namely an all-India tour. \"Though we have launched only two years ago, we are confident of achieving bigger things and will plan an all-India tour soon,\" says Athilingam, another member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14618017", "title": "No bar on additional judge's practice in same court", "text": "MUMBAI: The bar on a permanent high court judge practising before the same court was not applicable to an additional judge, ruled the Bombay high court on Monday, dismissing a PIL seeking a ban on the practice of five ex-judges.A division bench of Justice Dhananjay Chandrachud and Justice Ramesh Dhanuka was hearing a petition filed by activist Nitin Deshpande saying they could practise in any other court, including Supreme Court, but not before the Bombay HC. The five, Y S Jahagirdar, Anil Sakhare, S U Kamdar, Ashutosh Kumbhakoni and Girish Godbole, were elevated to the bench from the bar.Deshpande's advocate Ashish Mehta argued that additional judges were appointed under Article 224 to temporarily tackle workload but over the years, it had become a convention to directly appoint them. \"While the sanctioned high court posts are not yet filled by permanent judges, additional judges are appointed under Article 224, a gateway to appoint permanent judges,\" said Mehta, adding Article 220 (bar on practice in the same HC) must be interpreted.Earlier, it was argued by counsels of the five former judges that unless they had permanency of appointment, they could not be barred. Counsel Virendra Tulzapurkar, appearing for Jahagirdar, said there was no need for interpreting Article 220 when the statute was clear.Counsel Aspi Chinoy, appearing for Kamdar, said the warrants stated it was for a two-year tenure. \"He is intended to go back. Permanent judges are a species distinct from additional ones.The five were never permanent,\" said Chinoy. The judges , in their order, observed permanent and additional judges' duties were same, but there was a cardinal distinction in tenure. They added while permanent judges had a service for 62 years, it was two years for additional judges.They added the Constitution has drawn a careful balance between the independence of the judge and right of a person who held office to practice upon demitting office. It is a matter of constitutional choice. There may be a cause of concern regarding a member of the bar who demits office and proceeds to practice. So far as judicial review is concerned , the choice is made by the Constitution. The duty of this court is to protect the careful and conscious choice made by the constitutional body,'' the judges concluded, adding that there is no need for HC's interference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14618519", "title": "BJP buys peace with BSY, change of guard on cards", "text": "NEW DELHI: The BJP leadership on Monday managed to buy peace with the Karnataka challenger B S Yeddyurappa amid indications it may come around to replace Sadanand Gowda as the chief minister before the budget session of the state assembly beginning July 16.As part of the peace deal, nine ministers belonging to the Yedyurappa camp, who had threatened to resign if Gowda was not replaced, dropped their demand on Monday. Although the leadership maintained that the Yeddyurappa loyalists had withdrawn their resignations \"unconditionally\", sources said that the truce was signed on the basis of an assurance of leadership change before the budget session.There is no clarity yet on Gowda's successor, but indications favour rural development minister Jagdish Shettar. A rival of Yeddyurappa until recently, Shettar has been backed by the former Karnataka CM largely because of the common Lingayat background. Yeddyurappa had initially opposed Shettar's candidature to replace him, because he was confident of getting a relief in the graft cases and did not wish a fellow Lingayat to emerge as the rival pole of attraction for the community that has been BJP's mainstay in the southern state.However, with hopes of early respite extinguished because of the SC's order to prosecute him, Yeddyurappa has been forced to change his stand; not least because he did not wish to be accused of scuttling the prospect of a fellow Lingayat for the benefit of Gowda who belongs to the rival dominant caste, the Vokkaligas.There are indications of a convergence between the priorities of the rebel and the plans of the saffron establishment. Though the leadership is firm on not bringing Yeddyurappa back as the CM until he was cleared of the charges, they see little profit in going to polls with a Vokkaliga at the helm.BJP brass firm on not bringing back BSYWith the BJP leadership agreeing to replace Karnataka chief minister Sadanand Gowda, a Vokkaliga, with rural development minister Jagdish Shettar, a Lingayat, there are indications of a convergence between the priorities of the rebel group headed by former CM BS Yeddyurappa and the plans of the saffron establishment.Though the leadership is firm on not bringing Yeddyurappa back as the CM until he was cleared of the charges, they see little profit in going to polls with a Vokkaliga at the helm. Unlike the Lingayats, the Vokkaligas have been kept a distance from the BJP by remaining aligned with former PM H D Deve Gowda and the Congress. With Deve Gowda and Congress's own Vokkaliga face, foreign minister S M Krishna, in the fray, there is little possibility of a Gowda becoming a draw with the community.The BJP feels that Yeddyurappa has retained a significant part of his once-massive popularity with the Lingayats. There is recognition that the taint of corruption and endless infighting has hurt the party, by diminishing the novelty factor that it represented when it took office. But it is felt that the party stands a better chance by keeping Lingayats happy than otherwise.It is felt that the partnership between Yeddyurappa and Shettar also restricts the room for dissidence, though many in the party feel that any let up on this count could be short-lived. Yeddyurappa is conscious of his selling proposition as the Lingayat supremo, and Shettar, like Gowda, may find his insistence on offering \"guidance\" suffocating. But the party is likely to opt for a new arrangement to see whether it can help avert early election a bit longer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14626835", "title": "GPS enabled walkie-talkies for cops in two months", "text": "COIMBATORE: With the introduction of walkie-talkies enabled with GPS (Global Positioning System) trackers in two months, police personnel can no longer be discreet about their whereabouts or slack in their duty as their every movement can be monitored from the city police commissioner's office.\"With the new system, police officers can no longer sit in the comfort of their homes and claim to be engaged in a strenuous law and order issue when their bosses call. The new device will help superiors identify the movement of their subordinates, and the possibility of lying about their whereabouts will not be viable,\" said a senior police officer.As part of implementing the innovative drive, a 60-feet tower has now been installed on top of the building that houses the city police commissioner's office. Once the installation is over, top police officials including the commissioner can trace the exact location of the inspector on assignment from inside the building.Coimbatore city police officers presently use walkie-talkies with VHF (Very High Frequency) for communication. These instruments do not allow senior officials to track the movements of their subordinates. Often, during night patrol, officers remained at home and there was no way of tracking their whereabouts. The new technology will allow top officers to trace the vehicle of subordinates on duty every four seconds with UHF (Ultra High Frequency).According to a source, city police officers including assistant commissioners of police, inspectors and sub-inspectors will get the advanced GPS-enabled walkie-talkies within two months. Police officers can use the devise like mobile phones. They can make and send text messages and call other numbers.A base station will be setup at the police control room which will receive signals from the GPS and trace the officer's location. Telecom branch officials will use a digital map of Coimbatore city for tracking. The GPS devise will be fixed on the police officers' vehicles and patrol vehicles too.If the control room receives emergency information from the public, it can immediately locate the nearest police vehicle and have the officer rush to the spot. This will help to drastically reduce response time too.* Chennai city police are using the GPS technology for walkie-talkies and their police patrol vehicles also.* Tirunelveli city police are using the GPS technology for their patrol vehicles only.* Salem city police are using the GPS technology for walkie-talkies and patrol vehicles.* Madurai city police are going to receive the GPS technology soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14622190", "title": "MBBS course to start at AIIMS, Patna this Sept", "text": "PATNA: It's official now. Admissions to the MBBS course at All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS), Patna, would start from September this year. This was finalized during a recent meeting held in New Delhi between Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad and Bihar health minister Ashwini Kumar Choubey. The latter was accompanied by principal secretary, health, Vyasji.Vyasji told TOI, \"The Centre has granted permission for admission of 50 students to the first year of MBBS course from this academic session beginning September. The intake will be increased to 100 seats from next year.\"It may be mentioned here that earlier, state health minister Choubey, in a communication to Union health minister Azad, had requested him to allow admission in AIIMS, Patna, from the academic session beginning August 1. Choubey had also requested Azad to issue notification for the admission of 100 MBBS students from this academic session.Regarding issuing of notification for renaming AIIMS, Patna, as Jai Prakash Narayan All India Institute of Medical Sciences (JPNAIIMS), which the state government has demanded from the Centre, Vyasji said talks were held in this connection too. The Centre assured to shortly issue a notification in this regard. He also said the state government had attached the 300-bed Guru Govind Singh Hospital at Patna City to AIIMS, Patna.Azad, who had visited the JPNAIIMS site at Phulwarisharif here in May, had said that academic session could begin this year after completion of some unfinished works in a couple of months. He had, however, said that the hospital could function only from 2013 as it would take time to make it operational.Vyasji on Monday said in the first year there is no need of hospital, so there would be no problem on this score. The government is committed to complete all pending works soon to make the hospital functional.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14625101", "title": "Heavy rain wreaks havoc in Thiruvananthapuram, leaves three dead", "text": "Thiruvananthapuram: The heavy down pour that brought strong winds along with it, wreaked havoc in the city on Monday. As many as three people lost their lives in accidents caused by the heavy rain. The deceased have been identified as Vincent of Kuttichal, Ambili of Thirumala and Thulaseedharan of Nedumangad.Vincent and Thulaseedharan were electrocuted after stepping on electric line that had fallen down on road. Ambili died when a tree fell on the autorickshaw in which he was travelling. The accident occurred at Poojappura. The driver of the rickshaw, Gopakumar, has been admitted to the Medical College Hospital with serious injuries. Over 60 trees were uprooted in several parts of the city.Some of them caused property damages while the others resulted in long traffic snarls at Idappazhinji, Thirumala, Golf Links, Ambalamukku, Menamkulam, Vellayani and Konchiravila. A tree that stood on the premise of home minister Thiruvanchoor Rdhakrishnan's official residence at Cliff House also fell down.The Fire and Rescue Services in the city had a tough time as their emergency helpline number was flooded with calls. They received as many as 68 calls, most of them complaining about uprooted trees. The city unit of Fire and Rescue Services, which have only one emergency vehicle, fitted with power saws and chain saws, found it real hard to respond to the calls promptly. They had to seek the support of Fire and Rescue units from Chakkai, Vizhinjam, Kazhakkoottam, Kattakkada and Neyyatinkara. The rescue operations continued till late night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "14626534", "title": "75000 hit in Garo Hills floods", "text": "SHILLONG: The \"back flow\" of the rising Brahmaputra in neighbouring Assam is resulting in the swelling of the Jingiram river which has inundated about 100 villages out of which 34 have been totally submerged in West Garo Hills. Altogether 75,000 people have been affected.\"I have been receiving regular inputs about the rising water level at Phulbari , Hallidayganj and Rajabala areas in Dadenggre civil sub division besides Chibinang and Tikrikilla,\" said West Garo Hills DC Pravin Bakshi, who is touring the affected areas.He added that pre-emptive steps have already been taken and a civil defence team has been dispatched to the affected places. Large tracts of cultivated land and villages in the low-lying plain belt areas have been totally or partially submerged.\"Five relief camps are already functional and about 10 more would be set up immediately to accommodate the flood-hit. The PHE department has been asked to immediately construct shallow tube wells to ensure drinking water supply and make provisions of safe pit latrines,\" said the DC.\"Officials were also instructed to make provisions for supply of bleaching powder to tackle the possibility of outbreak of epidemics and water-borne diseases when the water level subsides,\" Bakshi added. He further added that medical teams have been formed and instructions issued for stocking general medicines for water borne diseases, viral fever and other seasonal ailments.\"Sanitation and privacy of female victims have been identified as the areas of immediate concern and it was decided that tarpaulins and basin utensils will be supplied to the affected families,\" he said. Boats have been requisitioned for ferrying people from the marooned villages and to evacuate with their belongings. Besides, directions have been given to PWD to take all possible steps to prevent further breach of the Solartek-Majhipara embankment.\"As per reports and analysis, the water level has not risen any further and may slowly recede if no rains take place,\" said the DC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "14625506", "title": "'Office romance can get you fired'", "text": "MELBOURNE: Having sex with your colleagues could get you fired, a relationship psychologist has warned. According to Quest News, despite the inherent complications, a recent RSVP Date of the Nation report found 28% of people were still hooking up with people they worked with.But the consequences of a bad romance could result in the loss of job, isolation and gossip, according to relationship psychologist John Aiken . \"Research the HR policy so you know whether it is actually going to get you fired,\" News.com.au quoted him as saying. \"Don't kiss, touch or have sex in the office. Always have boundaries.\"If you're dating someone who is in a position of power over you, that can create some problems in terms of how you are treated in the office but also how others look at you in the office.\"People can feel somewhat uncomfortable , they might firstly think there is some favouritism going on and there might be jealousy . But also, when you are with them, you might find that you are the target of gossip, rumours, jealousy,\" he said.What follows is obviously the ugly break-up . \"If it doesn't work out you've got that awkwardness of seeing them everyday. That can be painful,\" he said. \"You need to have a conversation with someone you're working with early on about breaking up, which is really unusual,\" Aiken added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14625978", "title": "Auto drivers' strike on July 6 to protest implementation of e-meters", "text": "NAGPUR: To protest against the transport department's move making electronic meters compulsory in autorickshaws, as many as 12,300 authorized three-wheeler drivers in the city will resort to one-day strike on July 6.A delegation of around 100 autorickshaw drivers affiliated to the Nagpur Zilla Auto Chalak Malak Mahasangh on Monday met deputy RTO Harishchandra Gadsing and demanded stopping of crackdown on the autorickshaws plying without e-meters.The Mahasangh said that About 12,300 autorickshaws ply on the city roads. Of this, about 1,800 have e-meters installed. However, a majority of the autos have manual meters, which has now become illegal.President of the organization, Harishchandra Pawar claimed that autos manufactured 30-35 years ago do not have the capability to have electronic meters. \"Only the newer rear-engine autos have the capability to run on e-meters,\" he said.Autorickshaw drivers said that they were ready to scrap the old autos, if the central government provides 100% loan at low interest rates to them. They pointed out that \"when a private company like Vansh Nimay can get finance from central and state governments to purchase buses, our demand should also be considered.\"\"If our demands are not met, we will continue to run older autorickshaws having manual meter,\" he said.The delegation also demanded the transport department to stop plying of illegal autorickshaws including six seaters within city limits before enforcing them to install electronic meters. Interestingly, the unions will themselves help both the traffic police and RTO officials to catch illegal passenger vehicles on three different routes - Dosar Bhavan Chowk on July 7, at Shankar Nagar square on July 14 and at LIC square on July 21 which brazenly ply on city roads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14634052", "title": "Fan-Tastic tales of Indian musicians", "text": "With the world currently gripped by Bieber Fever after the 18-year-old popstar's latest album, \"Believe\", hit the stands, even neuroscientists are all nerves finding out what triggered this mass hysteria. 'Bieliebers', meanwhile, are busy swooning and spending hours on social network. India's not far from the madding crowd.Music makers in the country share their weirdest run-ins with fans.History Of Hysteria The Beatles: During their 1964 Australia tour, an acoustics expert from New South Wales had measured the noise generated by more than 10,000 fans at the venue and concluded that it was more than that made by a Boeing on a take-off. In their 1965 USA tour, doorknobs were reportedly stolen from hotels as it was believed that 'The Beatles touched them'.Elvis Presley: When Elvis stepped on to the stage during his 1957 Canada tour, over 9000 fans made such a pandemonium that it was almost impossible to hear him sing. Some wept, some moaned, clutching their heads in ecstasy, screamed, clapped, flailed their arms wildly... Ultimately, the cops had to be called as there was fear of Elvis being mobbed.Michael Jackson: October 1, 1992, Bucharest \u2014 This was Michael Jackson's epic tour where frenzied fans were spotted breaking down, screaming, pulling their clothes off and even fainting, prompting the security to carry them away. The whole event was recorded and DVDs were sold.I remember playing at a girls' college, when a student clambered on to the stage midway through a performance and kissed me on the mouth. She was stuck in the act for at least five seconds and even bit my lower lip. Finally, she was taken away by the security out there. The most amazing part was that she was far from embarrassed as I saw her waving to the crowd and flashing a victory sign. I was at my wit's end and what's more, had to keep singing with a bleeding lip! Palash Sen, Frontman, EuphoriaWe had a fulfilling gig at a girls' college in Delhi and after the show, when I retired to my room, I was told that a gift was awaiting me. Surprised, I opened it. And there it was... a neatly folded woman's panty along with a love letter! I did not know how to react. There's another incident that comes to my mind: A girl from Kolkata would accompany us to all the shows in the city. She had a huge crush on Nitin (Malik). One day, we discovered that she had done a portrait tattoo of Nitin on her arm. Now, the girl is married, but the tattoo continues to be where it was! Subir Malik, Keyboardist, ParikramaI have had fans calling me every day. One such person would just tell me one thing on the phone: 'You are God'. That was so irritating. But how you deal with it, depends on how you are as a person. If I get too many messages, I tell that person upfront, 'Man, bring it down'. There is a difference between enthusiasm and unbalanced behaviour. I can make this distinction very well. I also do not like girls sticking around. In India, pop stars do not enjoy half the popularity that actors do. People start screaming when they see Aamir Khan , but Sonu Nigam doesn't enjoy the same. Rahul Ram, Vocalist, Indian OceanI was in Detroit for a show with Asha Bhonsle. Once it got over, a girl came up to me with a huge gift hamper. There were perfume bottles of all shapes and sizes. It must have cost a bomb. Then she told me, 'Let this last for one whole year'. I had met that girl a couple of times after that one gig, but I thought that moment was special. I have also had love letters written in blood sent to me, but those are too gory to talk about. Babul Supriyo, SingerCompiled by Deblina Chakravorty", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14621673", "title": "23% poverty target unrealistic for 2015", "text": "NEW DELHI: India's poverty rates fell from 51% to 37% between 1990 and 2008. But it will still not reach the required Poverty Headcount Ratio (percentage of population below the national poverty line) of 23.9% by 2015 to achieve the Millennium Development Goal (MDG). Now, the national HCR stands at 47.8%, and India will achieve poverty HCR level of 26.72% by 2015.The Millennium Development Goals, 2012, report, released by the United Nations on Monday, says by 2015, 1 billion people will live across the globe on less than $1.25 a day \u2014 a global extreme poverty rate of 16%. Four out of every five persons living in extreme poverty will be found in sub-Saharan Africa and Southern Asia (of which India is the major country). India will also fail to halve \u2014 between 1990 and 2015 \u2014 the proportion of people who suffer from hunger. Malnourishment of children is a significant indicator of food insecurity. From estimated 52% in 1990, the proportion of underweight children below three years is required to be reduced to 26% by 2015, according to the MDG.But the proportion of underweight children has declined from 43% to about 40% during 1998-99 to 2005-06. At this rate of decline, the proportion of underweight children below three years is expected to come down to only about 33% by 2015.Some of the large states have a prevalence of underweight children above the national level estimate like Madhya Pradesh (57.9%), Bihar (54.9%), Jharkhand (54.6%), Chhattisgarh (47,8%), Meghalaya (42.9%), Uttar Pradesh (41.6%) and Gujarat (41.1%).Only six states \u2014 Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh, Tamil Nadu, Delhi, Jammu &amp; Kashmir and Punjab \u2014 are likely to achieve their own MDG by 2015. Frederika Meijer, UN Resident Coordinator, said, \"Hunger remains a global challenge. Around 850 million people live in hunger, 237 million in India \u2014 the disparity is greatest in southern Asia.\"Jayati Ghosh, professor of economics at Jawaharlal Nehru University, said, \"India has the largest hungry population and it's a cause of serious alarm. We have the largest population of children born underweight. We haven't made significant improvement in reducing hunger and provide food security to people. We are actually doing worse than before. \" In the developing regions, the proportion of people living on less than $1.25 a day fell from 47% in 1990 to 24% in 2008. In 2008, about 110 million fewer people than in 2005 lived in extreme poverty. The number fell from 2 billion in 1990 to less than 1.4 billion in 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14620580", "title": "Congress MLA confined to sarpanch\u2019s house in Banswara", "text": "JAIPUR: A case has been registered against eight identified and about 70 unidentified people for keeping Arjun Singh Bamniya, Congress legislator from Banswara constituency in a house surrounded by armed villagers in Bari village. The villagers had confined the legislator to a house for five hours demanding his support against a nuclear power plant proposed in there area.Singh was on his way home after a meeting with some Congress block-level politicians when his car was intercepted by villagers at Bari village near Katumbi town around 8 pm on Sunday.\"Bari village sarpanch Kanti Lal Maida took Arjun Singh to his house. Kanti Lal's father Dalichand is a former state minister. The house was surrounded by hundreds of villagers armed with guns. They said they would not allow him to leave the place unless he wrote a letter to chief minister Ashok Gehlot asking him not to set up the nuclear power plant near Bari village,\" said a senior police officer.He added that Arjun Singh saved himself after signing a letter and he was freed around 2 am on Monday.Senior police and district administration officers including district collector KB Gupta and SP DS Chundawat rushed to the spot when they came to know about the incident.However, even the presence of such senior officers did not have any impact on the situation.While the villagers were guarding the house armed with guns, MLA Arjun Singh was being forced to sign a letter of support against the nuclear power plant.After Arjun Singh signed the document and came out of the house, he was taken to his home under heavy security by the police.According to the police, an FIR has been registered under sections 147, 148, 149, 341, 323, 365 and 366 of IPC against the local sarpanch Kanti Lal and seven others including Belichand, Mukesh, Dhanraj, Laxman, Lalu, Bharat and Chhagan.\"The legislator has registered an FIR against 70 other unidentified people,\" a senior police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14623748", "title": "Several pages go missing from 'Gandhi Banda'", "text": "Mangalore: The publication division of Mangalore University, Prasaranga, has been stumped by the faux pas where controversial Kannada textbook Gandhi Banda, authored by H Nagaveni, has appeared on the bookshelves with some pages missing.Prasaranga director Sripathi Kalluraya said he has requested university registrar Chinnappa Gowda to probe the issue.When the author visited a bookshop a week ago, she found that 16 pages were missing from page 40 onwards and that pages are repeated irregularly after page 120.Prior to this fresh controversy, Vishwakarmas (goldsmiths) had submitted a memorandum to the university last October demanding withdrawal of the textbook, prescribed for third semester BA students, alleging their community was portrayed in a disparaging manner. Following this, the university referred the issue to the Board of Studies (BoS) in Kannada. The BoS after consultation with the writer recommended removal of certain references which reduced the book by 30 pages. Interestingly, Prasaranga says the printing of the edited books has not commenced and are perplexed at the origin of the 'defective' book.Kalluraya said Nagaveni brought this issue to their notice and they immediately took action to remove the allegedly 'defective' textbooks from bookshelves. \"The books which are in our possession are not defective, but were of old edition. We have requested the author, who said that she has the books, to send us a copy. We will move ahead after we get the copy,\" he said.Nagaveni said she had not got any request for a copy. \"Till now I have not heard from anyone. I will certainly give them a copy, when I get their get the request,\" she said alleging the missing pages were the handiwork of some vested interest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14617633", "title": "Jaipur's Anganwadi centres lack basic facilities: Survey", "text": "JAIPUR: The Anganwadi centres for children, pregnant women and lactating mothers in Jaipur are in a pathetic state with 80% of them operating out of rented accommodations without any clean drinking water facilities and lavatories, an independent survey has revealed.The survey has made some shocking revelations like some centers being run from the bedrooms of Anganwadi workers, while at others located on government school premises the toilets were locked for exclusive use by the teachers. The take-home-ration (THR) for the registered beneficiaries was found to be of poor quality and was hardly supplied on time. The Anganwadi workers were without salaries for several months and some were even paying the centres' rents from their pockets till the time the government released the funds. The workers lacked motivation and mostly remained absent.\"The government, by design, wants to fail the Anganwadi centres that are part of the integrated child development services ( ICDS). The government has left these centres like an orphaned child,\" alleged Kavita Srivastava, the secretary of People's Union for Civil Liberty (PUCL) general secretary.The PUCL conducted the survey with assistance from some law students and disclosed its findings to the media on Monday. The PUCL teams visited 348 of the nearly 650 Anganwadi centres in the city from May 22 to June 20.\"It was not easy to find the centres as majority of the people were not even aware about their existence since there were no signboards to locate them. Our teams could not locate seven centres,\" said Ashok Agarwal, the survey director. Agarwal is also advisor to the Supreme Court commissioners on right to food.As per the Supreme Court norms, the Anganwadi centres' access ought to be universal. \"But the access to children in the 3 to 6 years of age group in the city is less than 10%,\" said Agarwal.The centres lacked buckets, fans, mattresses and equipment like weighing scales. \"Data on malnutrition was provided by only 49 centres. One of the reasons cited for absence of the data was non-availability of weighing scales,\" the survey director said.Many of the centres were found to be storing medicines beyond their expiry dates. \"The dingy single rooms from where the centres are operating are doubling up as store rooms. There is hardly any angan (open space) for the children to play at these centres,\" said Srivastava.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14623734", "title": "Allahabad University declares BA-II results", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The authorities of the Allahabad University have announced the results of BA-II of its constituent colleges on Monday wherein around 76% of students have been declared successful in this year's final exam. The students can also view their detail result at AU's website www.allduniv.ac.in, said the Controller of Examination, Prof H S Upadhayay.Detailing on the results, Upadhayay said that 7,559 students had appeared in this year's exam of BA part-II. Out of which 5,752 students (76.1%) have been declared successful in this year's final exam, while 1,185 students (15.7%) are eligible for second examinations. Besides, 462 have failed in this exam. He further said that along with this, as many as 29 students were apprehended for using unfair means while result of nine students is not ready. As many as 122 students (1.6%) were absent in their final exam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14621239", "title": "3 chain-snatching cases in a day", "text": "CHENNAI: The police reported three chain snatching cases on Sunday. Police said Vijayalakshmi, 34, of Flower Bazaar was walking to a nearby shop when a man on a two-wheeler snatched her five sovereign gold chain. At Nungambakkam, Latha, 36, was going to a grocery shop when two men on a bike snatched her three sovereign gold chain. At New Washermenpet, two men on a bike followed an elderly woman Yesodha and snatched her three-sovereign gold chain. Police registered separate cases and began investigations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14625035", "title": "Kerala University to celebrate platinum jubilee", "text": "Thiruvananthapuram: A talk series will be held as part of the platinum jubilee celebrations of the Kerala University from Wednesday. The talk series will be based on the topic 'Aranoottandu Pinnitta Keralam' at the Senate hall and the Karyavattom campus of the university.Various experts from the state will deliver talks as part of the celebrations. The first talk will be made by historian K N Panikker on the topic culture and heritage on Wednesday at the senate chamber. This will be followed by talk by film critic G P Ramachandran on cinema. The series will include talks by Marxist ideologue KEN Kunhahammed, former minister Thomas Isaac, media critic Sebastian Paul, social activist V Karthikeyan Nair, writer Sunil P Ilayidam, environment activist S Usha, former vice-chancellor of Kerala University, B Ekbal and pro-vice chancellor of the university J Prabhash. The talk series will end on July 19.National seminar: A national seminar will be organized by the linguistics department of the university, linguistic data consortium for Indian languages and Kerala State IT Mission from July 9 to 11. The seminar will be held at the department seminar hall of the university and will be inaugurated by former chief secretary D Babu Paul.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14623797", "title": "Ramesh to withdraw Saranda plan if private mining allowed", "text": "RANCHI: Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh on Monday has said his ministry will withdraw its flagship programme, the Saranda Action Plan, the day the government allows any private party to mine in the region. The minister, however, said his ministry had nothing to do with granting mining lease to private companies. He was talking to reporters on Monday after meeting chief minister Arjun Munda following his visit to the region. Ramesh said the action plan was meant for development of the region that remained neglected for the past six decades since Independence.Asked about the fate of private companies either operating in the region or have already been granted mining lease, Ramesh said the government has to deal with the situation legally. \"These licenses were granted prior to 2007 when neither I was the forest and environment minister nor was Arjun Munda the chief minister. It was like a free-for-all in Jharkhand at that time and hence the issue needs to be dealt politically as well,\" he added. Ramesh clarified that in the capacity of the rural development minister, he could not cancel the old lease licenses, but instead could recommend the government (the cancellation).He was, however, supportive of allowing the Steel Authority of India Limited (SAIL) to carry on its mining in the Chiria mines. He defended the decision by referring to his four-page order. \"It (SAIL) is a public sector company with good track record and the Chiria mines came to its kitty by virtue of takeover of Indian Iron and Steel Company (IISCO),\" he said adding that the SAIL would virtually close down if it is not allowed to excavate iron from Chiria mines.Ramesh's announcement is likely to have ramifications in light of the fact that global steel giant like ArcelorMittal has been promised of mining lease in the region. The minister said Maoists and their sympathizers had been making a false propaganda that the Saranda Action Plan aimed at according mining lease to private companies and hence a categorical denial was necessary. \"Maoists themselves want private companies to come there for mining so that they can extort levy from them,\" he said.Expressing happiness over the progress of action plan that started almost five months back, Ramesh said that work on two out of 11 roads had started covering 7 km and by end of 2013 the entire stretch of 130 km was likely to be covered. \"The Centre has approved financial assistance to 6,000 families for cheap dwelling under Indira Awas Yojna and the first installment of Rs 24,500 has been released for 2,500 families till date,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14619727", "title": "2 robbed of Rs 35 lakh near NH-8", "text": "GURGAON: Five to six unidentified armed robbers robbed two residents of Mewat of Rs 35 lakh at gunpoint on Pachgaon-Tauru road near NH-8 when they were coming back by car from Rajasthan after selling their land.Manesar police have lodged an FIR against the unknown robbers who had come in a white Bolero which did not have a number plate.According to police, the incident took place on Monday evening around 5.25pm near Pachgaon chowk on NH-8.After the incident, the police control room received a call informing them of the theft. When police officials tried to contact the mobile number from which the police control room had received the call, the number was found switched off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14620721", "title": "Barring BA Hons, all UG seats in Lucknow University filled", "text": "LUCKNOW: Counselling for admissions to four undergraduate courses finished on Monday. All seats were filled in BCom (Hons), LLb (Hons) and BCA. In BA (Hons), around 83 seats were left vacant. As many as 45 out of 60 seats remained vacant in BA (Hons) in PHILOSOPHY, 17 in BA (Hons) in Social Work, 13 in BA (Hons) in English and eight in BA (Hons) in Psychology. The university has 100 seats in BCom (Hons), 60 seats in BCA, 120 seats in LLb (Hons) and 210 seats in BA (Hons).Trends in admissions hinted at the neck to neck participation from boys and girls. In BCom (Hons), as many as 56% girls took admission as compared to 44% boys. In LLb (Hons), as many as 55 girls were admitted as against 65 boys. In BA (Hons), the number of girls were 78, as against, 49 boys. On Tuesday, counselling for admissions to BBA, BBA (IB), BMS, BTA, and BHM will be held. Students of all categories - open selected, open waiting, SC/ST selected, SC/ST waiting, OBC selected and OBC waiting will take place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14626234", "title": "Indoor pollution equally harmful", "text": "BANGALORE: Talk of pollution and the only thing that comes to mind is outdoor pollution. But indoor pollution caused by use of biomass fuel and passive smoking is equally harmful, if not more. Children under five and homemakers are more vulnerable.In India, where 50% of households still use biomass fuel, children are prone to chronic cough, more risk of lung cancer and worst of all, pneumonia. Apart from malnutrition, pneumonia is the single largest killer of children in the country. In urban areas , except for slums, biomass use is not extensive. And LPG is safe to use,\" said SK Chhabra, professor and head of the department, Cardio-respiratory physiology, Vallabhbhai Patel Chest Institute, New Delhi. He was speaking at a one-day workshop organized by the Karnataka State Pollution Control Board.The challenge is to shift to the use of alternative fuel sources. Piped natural gas is the best for use, followed by LPG. While piped natural gas is the most expensive option, switching to LPG is the most feasible option. \"Piped natural gas gets burnt out completely to carbon dioxide and water, leaving no residue. LPG on the other hand does not emit harmful gases while biomass is the worst to use with so many gases it releases into the air,\" said Chhabra.\"Air pollution (both outdoor and indoor) is one of the serious problems which the urban centres in India, including Bangalore, are faced with. The sources of outside air pollution are many, including domestic fuel burning,\" said AS Sadashivaiah, chairman, Karnataka State Pollution Control Board (KSPCB). The data revealed by KSPCB shows that domestic fuel contributes to 4.6% to outdoor pollution as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14625908", "title": "Cops to meet director of technical education officials for admission racket", "text": "NAGPUR: City police's crime branch is set to meet joint director of technical education Gulab Thakre and other senior officials from the same department in connection with the probe into the admission racket exposed last week.Four persons, including two women, were arrested on Friday for their alleged involvement in the interstate racket. The suspects used to prepare bogus documents like admission and registration cards, mark sheets, school leaving and migration certificates on the basis of which they admitted students in a number of private engineering and medical colleges. Apart from Maharashtra, the racket has its network in Karnataka, Odisha, Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh , West Bengal and Delhi. The racket provided fake documents to facilitate admission of even failed or disqualified students.Several colleges are now under scanner for admitting students without verifying their documents properly. Police have so far found certificates issued by Xavier's' International University, Bali Goa and Xavier's Senior Secondary School, Mumbai from the racketeers.Police commissioner Ankush Dhanvijay said that the colleges should identify the students who have taken admission with such certificates and approach the police themselves. \"The clerks of the colleges may be involved in the racket. The students may also face action for approaching such racket knowing well that they did not qualify for such streams,\" said Dhanvijay.The crime branch has come across mark sheets of several students who had approached the racketeers for admissions. The racketeers also contacted the students for scanning the result cards of various entrance examinations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14624509", "title": "Zahida wants Dhruv's wife to be made an accused", "text": "INDORE: Prime accused in the murder of RTI activist Shehla Masood, Zahida Pervez, has once again alleged that Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) MLA Dhruv Narayan Singh was involved in the case. Claiming innocence, she alleged that Vandana Singh, wife of Dhruv Narayan Singh had called slain RTI activist just before she was shot dead in her car in front of her house.\"CBI should check the call detail of Vandana Singh and find out why she had called Shehla Masood just before she was shot dead. Vandana Singh should also be made an accused in the case,\" alleged Zahida while being escorted out of the Indore Sessions Court on Monday.In reply to another question, Zahida denied naming Congress general secretary Digvijay Singh in connection with Shehla Masood murder case. \"I have never taken the name of Digvijay Singh and never said that he is protecting Dhruv Narayan Singh,\" said Zahida.Meanwhile, Indore sessions court which was hearing the case for the first time transferred the case to IVth additional session judge of special justice CBI, Anupam Shrivastav's court. Next hearing is scheduled for July 13.Now trail will take place in court of Anupam Shrivastav and he will first listen the petitions filed by all five accused for the transfer of trail to Bhopal.Zahida's lawyer Zahid Khan said while hearing the appeal for transfer of case sessions court observed that a similar case is going on in High Court wherein former Minister Kamal Patel is seeking the transfer of case to Bhopal. Final argument in Patel's case is scheduled for July 10 and the decision what ever will be applicable in Shehla Masood case as well.\"We will argue for the transfer of the case as IV additional session judge of special justice CBI has no jurisdiction for the hearing the case as sessions court of CBI is in Bhopal ,\" said Khan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14636608", "title": "English Vinglish", "text": "CreditsDirector: Gauri Shinde Cast: Sridevi, Amitabh Bachchan , Mehdi Nebbou, Adil Hussain, Priya Anand Producer: Sunil Lulla, R Balki Genre: Comedy Release Date: September 21, 2012SynopsisEnglish Vinglish marks the comeback of actress Sridevi after a period of almost 15 years. It's the story of a woman who doesn't know English and is made to feel bad about it. And then she takes it upon herself to master the language.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14626919", "title": "Rajiv Gandhi Proudhyogiki Vishwavidyalaya may stay with online paper for offline BE exams", "text": "BHOPAL: Buoyant with success of sending question papers online to hold offline bachelor of engineering semester exam, Rajiv Gandhi Proudhyogiki Vishwavidyalaya (RGPV) is considering to stick to the same in future. The RGPV put to use the concept for the second time on Monday for the civil engineering exam of the second semester.Unlike conventional method of sending the question papers to the colleges by transport, RGPV sends question papers online before the start of the exam.\"We upload question papers on our official portal and provide codes to colleges. By using the code, colleges can download the question papers from the portal and take printout according to their need,\" RGPV's vice-chancellor Prof Piyush Trivedi said. He claimed that RGPV has joined the select group of three-four universities having such facility across the country.As for element of confidentiality of the new method, Trivedi said, \"We appoint observers who are mostly senior retired IPS officers in each engineering college. Question papers can be downloaded only in their presence.\"Hailing the advantages of sending question paper to colleges online, Prof Trivedi said it would cut the expenses to a great extent. \"The process of sending questions papers to the respective police stations of the colleges has ended after new system came into effect. Besides, we have eliminated the possibility of paper leak,\" Trivedi said.The technical university is planning to use timer in future for sending question papers. \"Once we set the timer, colleges that have provided codes can only download the question papers according to the time set by us. We will add this feature in near future,\" Trivedi explained.Engineering colleges also have hailed the new concept. Group director of IES College, Prof Sunita Singh said the new concept has made it possible for colleges to focus more on exam rather than using manpower for the security of question papers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14625816", "title": "About 40 malaria cases detected in Indore", "text": "INDORE: Delayed monsoon has hardly restricted the spread of malaria in the city in June as the number of the patients, who were tested positive for the vector-borne disease touched 31 last month. The figure may go up with the report on the last week's diagnosing is yet to be out.Though the city and its nearby areas have been witnessing a dry spell for over a fortnight, the malaria cases in the city this year are close to the same figures that were reported during the same period the last year.Going by the figures provided by the district health department, 31 malaria cases were diagnosed between June 1 and June 25 this year. The report of last week is still pending and the malaria figures may rise to 40, which is almost same during June the previous year. Dr M.C Jinwal, district malaria officer, said that reporting of incidences have improved, so more cases are registered. \"Water accumulation is one of the main reasons of spreading malaria, but reporting system too has improved, which has escalated the numbers despite delayed monsoon this year especially in June,\" he said.The health department had observed June as malaria month and had approximately examined 6,611 blood samples in June last year while this year, as many as 7,842 blood samples were tested, in which these cases were reported positive.\"After the rain, the number of malaria cases will rise, but we are ready with preventive measures. We are observing dengue month now and are busy conducting awareness camps in the city and nearby areas,\"said Jinwal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14625084", "title": "Civic body seeks report on trees posing danger", "text": "Thiruvananthapuram: The branches of a huge tree which stood close to the compound of Cotton Hill Girls High school fell on the footpath during the busy morning hours at Vazhuthacaud on Monday. Fortunately the tree fell at around 10.30 am when the footpath was vacant and a tragedy was averted. The fire force unit soon rushed to the spot and chopped off the branches from other trees that had been dangling dangerously. The fallen branches were soon removed from the spot.The footpath is usually flooded with schoolchildren and parents in the morning and locals did not hide their apprehension as to what would have resulted had it happened an hour earlier. \"It would have been disaster had this happened an hour earlier. Thankfully all the kids were inside the school when the tree fell over the footpath,\" an eyewitness said.However, the school authorities said that the children would have been safe. \"The kids were inside classrooms when the tree branches fell. Also, children seldom go near the place where the tree stood,\" said Cotton Hill Girls High School headmistress Mary Sislet. Meanwhile, in the wake of the incident, the corporation has sought a detailed report from all schools coming under its administration about trees which might pose a similar danger to the children. \"The report has been sought on an immediate note. Once the report is received, the health inspectors will check all the corporation schools and we will seek the assistance of fire force and disaster management cell to cut trees wherever necessary,\" said welfare standing committee chairman Palayam Rajan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14621768", "title": "Once rich in biodiversity, Konkan mangroves on the decline now", "text": "PUNE: The diversity and distribution of present day mangrove vegetation along the west coast and Konkan in particular, is under tremendous stress. This vital component of the coastal ecosystem is exposed to natural disasters and human impact due to developmental activities.Scientists of Pune-based Agharkar Research Institute have made these observations in their study that decoded the existence of mangroves in Konkan during the past 10,000 years, based on mangrove pollen signatures along the Konkan coast.The study indicates that the ideal environmental conditions for mangrove development prevailed here during Middle Holocene ( 7220 - 4770 years ago) and decline of mangroves started some 3,500 years ago and further degradation continues due to extremely dry climate, weakening monsoon trends and of course development pressures.Mangroves are typical groups of plants that survive in sheltered brackish-water habitats along coasts, known to be the nursery grounds and habitat for a variety of animals and shoreline protectors.The continued decline and degradation of mangrove due to frequent natural disasters and developmental pressure has negative consequences on transfer of material into marine systems, and influences the atmospheric composition and climate dynamics.Human interference is clearly visible as pollen signatures are poorly recorded in the modern sediments at a few locations in Navi Mumbai. It shows that the mangrove vegetation has been under environmental stress affecting poor phenological conditions (flowering, fruiting).Further, pollen grains are not preserved due to high alkaline conditions at certain locations in Thane and Navi Mumbai. The present anthropogenic activities include clearing of land, agri-cultural practices, grazing, industrial activities, among others.This study called 'Mangrove vegetation responses to Holocene climate change along Konkan coast of south-western India' was recently published in an international journal 'Quaternary International.'KPN Kumaran CSIR emeritus scientist at ARI told TOI that mangrove pollen grains are microscopic particles, their signatures preserved in the sediments. Mangrove swamps have considerable significance while decoding their past existence and their responses to the changes of climate. These tiny pollen grains are excellent fingerprints of their parent plants.\"Mangroves act as bioshields between land and the ocean as they play a major role in maintaining the ecological balance of our coastal environment. The antiquity of mangroves is extremely important in understanding their role in coastal dynamics as the sea level changes and climate has considerable impact in maintaining this sensitive ecosystem in time and space,'' he said.During the last 10,000 years, when the first extensive mangrove swamps appeared in Sindhudurg area, ideal environmental conditions for mangrove development along the Konkan prevailed. There were gently sloping intertidal areas, accumulation of substantial amount of substrates, low energy conditions and a relatively stable sea level, which must have led to the mangrove growth along the Konkan coast, the study states.Whereas, the present Konkan coast is a wave-dominated environment, with sandy beaches and wave cut rocky cliffs with high energy, which is highly unfavourable and against the ecological requirements of mangrove development. Thus, the diversity and distribution of the present day mangroves along the west coast and Konkan in particular indicate that some plant species no longer grow here as they used to, because they require low energy and sheltered habitats for their sustenance,'' he said.Kumaran said the Konkan coast stretch has received considerable importance in recent years because of the rail link and subsequent socio-economic development arising out of several power and mining projects. This track includes Thane, greater Mumbai, Mumbai, Raigad, Ratnagiri and Sindhudurg districts.Ruta Limaye, CSIR senior research associate at ARI, Pune who carried out this study under fast track young scientist scheme, funded by the department of science and technology, New Delhi pointed out that mangroves are facing threats from human interference, developmental activities and pollution.\"Considering the fossil record of mangroves from the elevated near-shore deposits in Sindhudurg and Ratnagiri districts, mangroves of south Konkan are believed to be surviving remnants of a natural phenomenon in the last 4-5 millions years. While, those of north Konkan must have evolved much later around 10,000 years ago or in recent times and may be even linked to the strengthening of the summer monsoon as observed in other tropical areas,'' she said.The importance of this study, she stressed, lies in the fact that Konkan coast hosts several potential eco-sensitive sites, mangrove response to climate and environmental changes adds a new dimension to understanding of the coastal marine processes in this region, she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14620452", "title": "Schools gear up to combat power crisis", "text": "GURGAON: Lack of any power backup system amidst soaring temperatures and power cuts, forced many government schools in the city to extend the summer vacations till July 9. On the other hand, private schools will have to spend on power backup systems like generators.Bhatia, former principal of Swiss Cottage School said, \"The problem of power cuts does not bother the private schools much as they have power backups (generators).\"However, apart from generators, Ryan International School has planned on activities like rain dance and pool day to help children beat the heat. \"Apart from the fun activities, the faculty has also decided to convert the physical training sessions into indoor activities' session,\" said Peeya Sharma, school's headmistress. But, such facilities have drawbacks as well. The generators need to be switched off for at least two to three hours a day and since they work on diesel, it has a harmful impact on the environment.\"Power cuts do not cause much of a problem, since we have generators. We want to give the students and teachers, a very comfortable environment for education. But, we are an environment-friendly school and are unhappy about the prices we have to pay,\" said Komal Sood, Principal, Shri Ram School.However, not all private schools have generators and some do not use it, even though they have the facility. Sources said that although Chiranjiv Bharti School has a power backup system, yet it does not utilize the facility, making children suffer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14637239", "title": "Moksh - Journey of the Soul", "text": "CreditsDirector: Ajit Bhairavkar Cast: Chinmay Mandlekar, Suhas Shirsat, Umesh Jagtap, Sukadha Yash, Edward Sonnenblick Producer: Sunill Khosla, Vibha Dutta Khosla Language: HindiSynopsisGajaar - Journey of the Soul , maiden but Award winning Marathi Film from the banner of Boutique Cinema Private Limited is now getting adapted in Hindi as Moksh - Journey of the Soul. Talkie portion of the film will be reshot in Hindi with same actors while soundtrack will be re-done by Shankar Mahadevan and Vibha.Moksha is a unique cinematic experience and the story of self-discovery and transformation of Parth during his 18 days Journey of pilgrimage (Waari). Warkaris nonstop chanting and musical celebration in the name of God Mauli [mother of the Universe] leads to moksha.Parth, a young, ambitious and egoistic film director from Mumbai, is in a live-in relationship with his love Geetali. Eric, an Anthropology PhD student from US and Parth come together to make a path-breaking international film on Waari, wherein millions of devotees walk together for 250 kms in 18 days to meet their beloved lord Vithoba. Parth undertakes the challenge to capture this eventful journey of millions in a contemporary manner and to capture the grandeur and soul of Waari.The 18 Chapters of the Dnyaneshwari (a household religious book followed by Warkaris as a key to bliss and happy living) unfold very interestingly with real life characters in the pilgrimage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14623907", "title": "Little response to Red's ceasefire call", "text": "RANCHI: The CPI (Maoist)'s call for a ceasefire against the splinter groups for three month has not yet received any positive response.Soon after the announcement, the strikes over villagers believed to be Maoist sympathizers in an around Palamu, Latehar and parts of southern Bihar have intensified. Taking strong exception to this retaliatory behaviour, the Bihar Jharkhand North Chhatisgarh special area committee of the Maoists has re-issued the ceasefire appeal.Committee spokesperson Gopal said the Maoists would observe restrain and try to avoid any confrontation with the individual armed groups, considered to be splinter groups of the larger party. \"We are going to wait till the end of the ceasefire and just raise arms in self defence but once the period is over we have plans to deal with these groups militarily and politically,\" he said.Strikes in Maoist-dominated regions have also increased as some of the houses in Panki region of Palamu were burnt by armed groups. Gopal said the call for ceasefire would serve dual purpose. \"Some of the revolutionaries may understand the need to come together against the imperial forces and join the fight for common cause and those who refuse to form the unified command against Operation Green Hunt will be exposed before the public,\" he said.The Maoists have called for a ceasefire so that all the armed groups active in Jharkhand and Bihar region come on one platform and oppose the security operations named as Operation Green Hunt. The Maoist committee which claims to be the largest rebel organization in the region has also invited leaders of smaller groups to come up for debate. \"Our purpose is to serve the interest of tribal and villagers and if they (the splinter groups) are committed to the welfare of the people, they should not just extort money but also fight against the imperialist forces that are striving to grab land and evict the villagers from forests,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "14620283", "title": "Guru\u2019s photo on tobacco pouches: SGPC taps Akhilesh Yadav", "text": "AMRITSAR: The Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee (SGPC), the highest Sikh religious body, has written to Uttar Pradesh chief minister Akhilesh Yadav , protesting the use of Guru Nanak Dev's pictures on tobacco pouches of a company based in the state.SGPC president Avtar Singh Makkar said tobacco has no place in Sikhism and that he had written to Akhilesh, saying if the sale was allowed to go unchecked, the issue would be raised in the Parliament. He said Chitrakoot-based Kumar Enterprises had printed the Guru's pictures on tobacco pouches and named them as Giani Paan Samagri.\"In Sikhism, most learned people are called Giani. How can a tobacco pouch carry a word like Giani?\" asked Makkar. He said if a Sikh uses tobacco, he or she ceases to be a part of the community.Makkar said the SGPC was flooded with angry calls from UP demanding a ban on the company and sale of its products, besides seeking punishment for the culprits.\"We demand speedy trial, severe and exemplary punishment to those involved in hurting the religious sentiments of Sikhs,\" he said. Makkar said it was a shameful and unethical act of hurting the Sikh sentiments.The use of tobacco is prohibited according to the Sikh rehat maryada (code of conduct).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14622006", "title": "Students make inquiries about cutoff lists in Magadh University", "text": "PATNA: Colleges under Magadh University (MU) reopened on Monday after a monthlong summer vacation. However, most of the colleges wore a deserted look due to thin attendance of students.A N College witnessed a great rush of admission seekers to Intermediate, Degree and Degree-level vocational courses. Students were interested to know the exact date of release of the first admission list. The overall attendance of students was thin. However, teachers were present in the college in full strength, said college principal Haridwar Singh.College of Commerce also witnessed a rush of students seeking admission to various courses. Boys and girls turned up in good numbers to know the exact date of beginning of classes of Intermediate and Degree- level courses. Teachers turned up in full strength, said a senior teacher of the college.B D College was humming with academic activities. While classes in vocational courses went on smoothly, the rush of students seeking admission to Intermediate courses was high. Students and guardians were present in large numbers to inquire about the release of admission list to Intermediate and Degree courses. The college would start classes of Intermediate second year and Honours courses from Tuesday, said acting college principal B N Ojha.J D Women's College and Arvind Mahila College too hummed with activity. Apart from attending their classes, the girls had a lot of fun on the opening day. Admission-seekers inquired about the release of first list for admission to various courses at these colleges, said their principals, Usha Singh and Asha Singh, respectively.At TPS College too, admission-seekers made anxious inquiries. However, attendance of students in classes was thin. B S College, Danapur, remained a beehive of activity. Boys and girls turned up in large numbers to inquire about the first cut-off list for admission to Intermediate and Degree-level courses, said college principal Pravin Kumar, adding the college has introduced journalism and commerce course from the current academic session to fulfil the needs of students.It was more or less a similar scene in other constituent colleges of Magadh University located in and around Patna on the opening day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14621104", "title": "Rapid changes in society make Chennai suicide capital", "text": "CHENNAI: A Class 9 student of a city school recently committed suicide by covering his face with a plastic bag. The boy was upset over a broken relationship. A 36-year-old professional in Chennai was so upset that his marriage was not working out that he developed suicidal thoughts.Chennai is the suicide capital of the country and experts link this to a variety of reasons including professional setbacks, lack of a support system and even migration of people to the city from rural areas. But they say failure in love appears to be the primary factor that is driving Chennaiites to the edge.Angel Soji, who runs the 24-hour suicide helpline Jeevan Suicide Prevention Center, says her organisation carried out a survey of 50 schools in Chennai two years ago. \"We found that most youngsters having suicidal thoughts were depressed over broken relationships,\" says Soji. \"The other reason was academic stress.\"Chennai, with 2,348 cases, tops the suicide list among mega cities (with a population of over 10 lakh). Bangalore had 1,717 cases, according to the National Crime Record Bureau's (NCRB) report for 2011.Breakdown of relationships and high levels of competition brought on by the fast development of Chennai have played a major role in creating more stress.Changes in society have also affected relationships. According to NCRB data, suicides due to divorce went up 54% last year in India. \"It's due to relationships breaking down and lack of social support systems,\" says Dr Fatima Vasanth, principal, Madras School of Social Work.Pre-marital counselling may be of enormous help to young couples, says Soji. \"A 36-year-old man recently came to us. His wife was very religious and refused to have sex though they had been married for about six years. He was having suicidal thoughts since he couldn't have a child or even discuss the issue with anyone.\"Once a couple gets divorced, social and cultural mores also heighten the risk of suicide, say experts. NCRB data shows that of the 448 divorcees who committed suicide, 237 were men. \"Men don't talk about their emotions as they are expected not to display them,\" says family therapist Brinda Jayaraman. \"When you bottle up your emotions, you become more susceptible.\"Rapid growth of the city in the past two years has also contributed to the increase in suicides, say experts. \"When everyone appears to be doing well, the ones who are left behind feel inadequate,\" says Dr Lakshmi Vijayakumar, director of suicide prevention helpline Sneha.Migration to Chennai from rural areas is another factor. \"People come to big cities with big dreams. When these dreams do not materialise, people who are emotionally less stable may be crushed. With more expectation, education, migration and rapid change, the incidence of suicide has increased dramatically,\" she says.Dr Vasanth says there is a lot of unhealthy competition, whether it is among siblings or at the workplace. As a result people are afraid to confide in others. \"They are scared of how they will be regarded,\" she says.Statistics show people in southern states are more prone to self harm. \"It is probably an ethno-cultural thing. Aggression tends to be expressed outward in the north,\" says Dr Vijayakumar. \"In peninsular India, people tend to internalise their feelings.\"However, some feel NCRB data needs to be further examined. \"I cannot think of specific reasons why the suicide rate is higher in Chennai. It could that cases are better reported,\" says Dr Vijay Nagaswami, psychiatrist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14618794", "title": "Unbearable: Delhi records worst summer in 33 years", "text": "NEW DELHI: This summer has been the hottest in decades for the national capital. The average maximum temperature in Delhi this year for May-June has been 41.57 degree Celsius, the highest since at least 1980, for which firm data is available.As many as 49 of the 61 days in this two-month period saw the mercury soar past 40 degree C, another record for the past 33 years.TOI analysed daily maximum temperature data since 1980 for Delhi's main weather station, Safdarjung. The data was taken from the US government's National Climatic Data Center (NCDC), which collates data from stations across the world.Because of gaps in data availability, the years 1992, 1994 and 2005 have been excluded from the analysis. However, even for these years, the limited available data suggests shows that average was lower than this year. For the remaining years, NCDC has data for at least 55 of the total 61 days.The data shows that in the last 33 years this is only the ninth time that the average maximum temperature for May-June has been above the 40-degree mark. By this measure, 1995 witnessed the second hottest summer with the maximum averaging 41.25 degree C. For the remaining seven years, the maximum averaged between 40 and 40.97 degree C.Contrary to popular perception that there has been a general increase in summer temperatures in recent years, seven of the 13 years since 2000 have witnessed the mildest May and June in the past 33 years.With the maximum temperature averaging 36.11 degree C, the mildest peak-summer was in 2008. Similarly 2011, 2006, 2000, 2004, 2007 and 2008 all witnessed a lower peak-summer mean. The average maximum temperature for these years was less than 39.91, the median for the 33 years under study.It's of course not just the maximum temperature that makes your day scratchy. An otherwise pleasant week might have a couple of days when the mercury crosses 40 degree C and people generally don't complain. The real problem is when the 40-plus spell stretches for several days.Even on this count, 2012 has been particularly bad. The number of 40-plus days this year has been the highest in these 33 years by a comfortable margin. In the ongoing summer, eight out of 10 days have seen the maximum cross this benchmark. While many have compared this summer to the one in 2010, that was the third hottest in the period since 1980 in terms of the average maximum. With 42 of the 60 days for which data is available registering 40-plus, it was the second most uncomfortable of the 33 years by that yardstick. The third worst year in this list is 1981 which had 40 such days.Monsoon near, rain likely tomorrowNEW DELHI: Delhi's excruciatingly hot and humid weather is set to give way to monsoon. Met officials have said pre-monsoon showers are expected in the capital and other regions of northwest India by Wednesday or Thursday. The three to four days of rain will also lower the temperature, which has been staying above 40 degrees for the past several days.High levels of humidity on Sunday, coupled with high temperature, caused the power demand to touch a new high by settling at 5,454MW, the highest in Delhi. At 11.23pm on Sunday, power demand went up to 5,025MW, said discom sources. This is the first time that demand has crossed 5,000MW at night. This also led to outages in several areas. Sudha Chakrapani, a Dwarka resident, complained that power supply was being cut between 11pm and 5am for the past three days. \"We have never seen the demand go up so much at night, when all commercial and government establishments are closed,\" said a power sector source.Monday's maximum temperature went up to 41.8 degrees Celsius, six degrees above normal, while the minimum was 32.3 degrees, five degrees above normal. Humidity was between 37% and 67%. \"Humidity levels have been high and are constantly rising due to influx of moisture from easterly winds. These winds, coming from the Bay of Bengal , are indicative of monsoon. We are expecting pre-monsoon showers over Delhi in the next couple of days,\" said Dr RC Vashisth of the IMD. -- tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14617125", "title": "Family meets Jagan ahead of President polls", "text": "HYDERABAD: Y S Jaganmohan Reddy has the task of deciding from jail to whom his party YSR Congress should extend its support in the Presidential poll - Pranab Mukherjee or P A Sangma . That was top most on the agenda when his family met him in the jail on Monday.Mother Y S Vijayamma, honourary president of YSR Congress, wife Bharati and sister Sharmila met Jagan in the Chanchalguda prison. The family visit to the jail assumes significance in the wake of the buzz that Pranab Mukherjee called Vijayamma and sought her support.Pranab, who was in the city on Sunday, did not meet Vijayamma. However, Hyderabad MP Asauddin Owaisi had met Jaganmohan Reddy in the jail a few days ago with the specific purpose of seeking his support for Pranab Mukherjee's candidature.P A Sagma too had gone to the jail to talk to Jaganmohan Reddy and seek his support but was not allowed. He, however, met Vijayamma at her residence. Vijayamma went to the Chanchalguda jail last week and informed Jagan about her discussions with Sangma.According to sources, the earlier plan of Jagan's family was to visit him in jail this week on Tuesday but they advanced it by a day and met him on Monday. On Sunday, both Vijayamma and Sharmila were in Visakhapatnam to express solidarity with the fishermen opposing the NTPC Simhadri plant expansion.Unlike the earlier brief visits of the family to the jail, the Monday's stretched for more than an hour. Jagan sat on a bench in the jailor's room while his family also sat on it and a chair made available to them.Special class prisoners have the privilege of meeting their visitors in the space made available to them in the jailor's room. Though the meeting takes place in the presence of the jailor.Udayagiri MLA Mekapati Chandrasekhar Reddy, brother of Nellore MP Mekapati Rajamohan Reddy also accompanied Jagan's family.After the meeting with Jagan, Vijayamma, Bharati and Sharmila drove away refusing to meet the media personnel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14623966", "title": "Back to school as summer vacations come to an end", "text": "VARANASI: The scorching heat of the prolonged summer season in the region could not stop the zeal and enthusiasm of hundreds of tiny tots to mark their attendance in classes as after almost 40 days of summer vacations schools reopened on Monday.Principals and teachers of many government and private schools also confirmed good attendance of their students.According to Aparna Banerjee, principal of a government school in Jaitpura area, attendance on the first day of the school always remains good, because children are keen to meet their friends, classmates and teachers. \"During the vacations, generally all the students go out of station . All of them have stories to tell so the first day at school generally passes holding interactive sessions with students and the proper studies are expected to begin from Tuesday\", she said.Shamiksha Singh, student of class III at a school at Lahurabir shared, \"The first day went by chatting to teachers and friends. Teachers introduced us with the new subjects and new chapters that we are going to read in the class further\".The nightmare of getting the holiday homework checked also did not go away from the minds of hundred of tiny tots on the very first day of the school.Due to this reason, there were also few students who did not reach their school. \"I did not complete my holiday homework yet, so my mother told me not to go to school today. I will complete it in few more days time and then will appear in class\", says Muskan Kumari, a student of class II of a school in Nati Imli area.Meanwhile concerned departments also geared up for preparations before the beginning of the new academic session on Monday.According to district inspector of schools (DIOS), Chandrajeet Singh Yadav, all the repair work, construction work and white washing tasks have already been completed and schools were made ready to welcome its students on Monday.\"Staff and teachers of all the government primary and upper primary schools have been directed to be present on the first day of the new academic session. However the free text books, which are meant to be distributed to the students for studies will be made available to students by July 5 and July 20 so that session is not hampered due to lack of text books\", informed basic shiksha adhikari (BSA), Param Hans Yadav.Even as schools witnessed good attendance on Monday, parents of many school going kids are still worried as the summer season has not yet finished. \"It rained heavily same time last year, and schools welcomed students in a pleasant weather however there are no rains and the mercury is soaring high, which is raising concerns about the health of the children as they have to return home in the afternoon\", shared Anita Vishwakarma, mother of a student of class II. \"After spending many days at home, children have to face the intense heat while attending 4-5 hours of school every day in the city where there are no signs of rains till now\", said Pallavi Srivastava, another housewife.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14637574", "title": "Gandhi Medical College graduates go with Hippocratic Oath from 1983 in Bhopal", "text": "BHOPAL: For close to three decades, medical students completing graduation from the city's Gandhi Medical College (GMC) have reportedly been going without the medical oath. Called the 'Hippocratic Oath', it is the pledge to practice medicine ethically and honestly.Barring once in 2002, batch after batch clearing the bachelor's course from the GMC has not been administered the oath after 1983. In 2002, when the college had showed the gumption to hold the ceremony, BU officials had reportedly ticked the GMC authorities off. \"We were told by BU officials that the GMC exceeded its brief by holding the ceremony,\" said a senior professor at the GMC.\"I am not fully aware of the issue or the rules,\" said BU vice-chancellor Prof Nisha Dubey. \"In my personal opinion, medical oath should be performed,\" she added.The oath is considered a must for practitioners of medicine. Undeterred by university officials, the GMC authorities had come up with a solution two years ago: administering oath to first year students at the time of introductory meet. But there are some who are not in favour of such a thing. \"It is not an ideal situation. It is the responsibility of Barkatullah University to organise convocation,\" said a GMC professor.There is still a hope. \"We have already started graduation ceremonies for colleges in Indore and Jabalpur. Medical oath is a value system, which would be followed in all medical colleges,\" MP Medical University vice-chancellor Dr D P Lokwani told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14617005", "title": "Trial begins in serial blasts case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Four years after the incident, a special court presided over by designated judge Jyotsna Yagnik began trial in the sensitive serial blasts case against 64 accused on Monday. Seven other suspects, who are in judicial custody, are still to be charged in this case.During a proceeding that took place through video conferencing from the Bhadra court campus, a complainant N J Parmar, then police inspector of the Shahibaug police station began his deposition. His examination could not be completed during the day. Parmar's further deposition has now been kept on July 12 because many of the documents related to the case could not be found, said a lawyer representing the accusedIt was also found out that Parmar was not only a complainant, but also conducted investigation in the case in its initial stages, before the probe was transferred to the city crime branch.On July 26, 2008, serial blasts rocked the city, killing 56 persons and injuring nearly 240. Seventy one persons have been arrested in this case from 11 different states till date.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14620075", "title": "Samaritans blame docs for hit-and-run victim's death", "text": "A Santa Cruz group of friends, who finally rushed the bleeding Bandra hit-and-run victim to hospital, alleged that valuable minutes were lost not just due to a constable's wait for a police vehicle, but more so due to doctors' unwillingness to treat her. The group now wants to cremate the woman's body as none of her family members has come forward to claim it.The four, two of whom are brothers, said their struggle to save the victim has made them contemplate the idea of performing her last rites. \"Since we have learnt that she has no relatives, we have decided to perform her last rites and requested the police to be allowed to do so,\" said Rakesh Shukla, a member of the group.Rakesh and Yash Shah were on a two-wheeler behind Sohail Khan's Lexus which hit the victim. Their two friends, Rajesh Shukla and Chintan Chheda, were ahead of them on another bike.Rakesh saw the driver on the wheel speed away after the accident. He said, \"Several passersby had gathered at the spot but no one was ready to touch the woman. A policeman in uniform soon reached the spot and told us to not touch the victim as he had called a police van. Even the policeman didn't touch her. We waited for 15 minutes after which people lost their cool, and we took the seriously injured woman to hospital in a rickshaw.\"Few other passersby accompanied the group to Bhabha Hospital. They requested the doctors to treat the woman \"but they did not appear to be interested\", the friends alleged. Yash said, \"The doctor on duty asked us to take the woman to KEM Hospital as they said they did not have the expertise in treating grie-vous injuries. They didn't even offer her basic treatment.\"The youngsters insisted that the doctor clean the woman's injuries. He, in turn, asked them to buy water bottles. Takesh went to purchase a water bottle and other things along with the autodriver from a medical shop. \"After I returned, I was surprised to see that the hospital staff had kept her near two dustbins just outside the mortuary (behind causality). She was writhing in pain but there was no one to help her. I offered her water and a moment later, she died,\" said Rakesh.Bhabha Hospital medical superintendent Dr Vijaya Bhatt, though, said she was not aware of the incident and had not received any complaint in the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14621734", "title": "DTE releases provisional list for engineering seats", "text": "PUNE: A provisional merit list for admissions to the first-year engineering degree courses was released by the directorate of technical education (DTE) on Monday.Students can secure details related to their merit list number by accessing the DTE website: www.dte.org.in/fe2012 and click on MHT-CET (Engineering/Technology) provisional merit list link mentioned on the left side of the home page.Details like application identity number and date of birth have to be submitted for securing the merit list number. The process for redressal of grievances, if any, related to the provisional list, will be conducted on July 3 and 4 and the final merit list will be released on July 5.In a release issued on Monday, the DTE has stated that students, who may have confirmed the submission of their admission forms at the designated application receipt centres (ARCs) by June 30, without furnishing the non-creamy layer or domicile certificates, should visit the concerned ARC for the confirmation process. Information related to the same has also been posted on the DTE website.It may be noted, the DTE had to reschedule the release of the provisional merit list from the previously announced date of June 29 to July 2 in view of problems faced by a section of students in securing key support documents like the non-creamy layer and domicile certificates. As a consequence, the release of the final merit list too was advanced by two days, to July 5.This year, there is no separate admission process for the sought-after autonomous engineering colleges. All the autonomous colleges have been made part of the centralized admission process (CAP) that is conducted under the overall supervision of the DTE.A detailed scheduled related to the availability of seats, submission and confirmation of option forms for the CAP rounds, allotment of seats, reporting to institutes and admission by counseling rounds will be released after the final merit list is declared, the DTE has stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14624078", "title": "Now, Benaulim MLA opposes Goa tourism development corporation's plans", "text": "MARGAO: Close on the heels of Calangute MLA Michael Lobo coming out in support of the water sports operators, Benaulim MLA Caitano Silva also conveyed his feelings about the move to bring water sports operations in the state under the control of Goa tourism development corporation (GTDC).Referring to TOI's report on Lobo's opposition to plans of GTDC , Silva said that he had spoken to the chief minister stating that water sports operations should remain with the locals only and said that the chief minister had assured him to consider his appeal and see that local operators are not displaced from their occupation.Speaking to TOI, Silva said that South Goa water sports operators had called him recently and explained to him why they were opposing the new plans of the state government.He added that when the water sports operators were already present, it negated the need of GTDC to provide the same service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14620614", "title": "Pinki chromosometest in Hyderabad", "text": "KOLKATA: Blood samples of former athlete Pinki Pramanik were collected again underwent yet another blood test at the SSKM Hospital on Mondaymorning as part of her ongoing medical examination. The sample will be sent for a test to CFSL, Hyderabad, under directions from the court. It will be used for karyotyping, which will help identify her gender, the hospital authorities said.\"The samples collected during her last examination were taken for a hormone analysis. Even though it had been decided that a karyotyping will be done, we didn't know where to send the sample. Now that it has been decided that it will be sent to CFSL, we collected yet another sample,\" said Tamal Ghosh, medical superintendent, SSKM.It will take a week to 10 days for the karyotyping report to be ready, said medical superintendent Tamal Ghosh. TNNOnce that is done, her other reports will be collated with the karyotyping report. \"So, we are expecting a complete report in two weeks,\" added Ghosh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "balasore", "code": "14623213", "title": "Death comes riding on highway", "text": "BALASORE: On June 5, nine pilgrims including three women were killed and 12 others sustained injuries in an accident on NH-5 near Jamujhadi in Balasore district. The pilgrims from Panchkuda area of West Bengal were on their way to Puri. On June 1, three persons of a family died in an accident on NH-5 in Simulia area of Balasore district. The mishap occurred when they were crossing a diversion on a bike and a speeding truck hit them.Altogether nearly 40 persons have been killed in various mishaps in the past eight months on this highway stretch, now known as the death zone, ringing alarm bells in the region.Police said an average of four accidents a week occur on the stretch between Balasore to Chandikhol on NH-5. In several instances, victims have died due to lack of immediate treatment. Most of the accidents occurred in the wee hours of the morning, with drivers of the ill-fated vehicles usually ramming into stationary trucks.According to sub-divisional police officer Kailash Chandra Parida, most of the accidents occurred due to sleep inertia of the drivers. \"Besides, lack of parking places along the highway and driving in an inebriated state are also to be blamed for such accidents,\" he said.Locals alleged divers of long route trucks often stop on highways at midnight and after having dinner at the roadside dhabas they take rest, leaving the vehicles stranded along the road. They also do not switch on parking lights, leading to accidents.Social activist Rabi Narayan Das said the mishaps are a regular affair along this stretch during winter due to fog. \"During dense fog it is difficult to spot stranded trucks along the roadside. If incidentally the driver dozes off while driving, he would hit a standing truck leading to loss of lives and properties,\" he pointed out.Das alleged there is no check on the speed of vehicles along the NH during night and morning hours. Accidents could be averted if highway patrolling is intensified, he suggested, adding trucks and heavy vehicles should not be allowed to park on the road.Balasore district administration has initiated eviction drive on both sides of the National Highway to avert mishaps. Sources said over 80 shops, hotels and dhabas have been demolished so far. The road and transport authorities have also intensified patrolling along the NH to make people aware about illegal parking.According to a survey, every year over a thousand fatal accidents occur in the state killing over 2,500 persons and injuring three times the number. Nearly 40% of these accidents take place on National Highways.Though the NHAI has decided to construct nine mega parking lots for trucks on the Bhubaneswar-Chandikhol stretch soon, each one with a capacity of accommodating nearly 300 vehicles, it is yet to be announced for the Balasore-Chandikhol stretch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14623097", "title": "Cops boost daytime patrolling after 5 chains snatched on Sat", "text": "NASHIK: The city police has decided to intensify patrolling during the morning hours in the wake of view of a series of chain-snatching incidents that occurred on Saturday despite there being heavy police bandobast due to several weddings held on Thursday and Friday across the city.The events on Saturday caught citizens unaware and left the police department flummoxed as they occurred in the early morning hours. Cops have now also displayed public hoardings to create awareness among citizens on the nature of the crime and the modus operandi of chain-snatchers.The first incident was reported at around 8.10am, when a gold chain worth Rs 42,0000 was stolen from a 42-year-old woman in Mahajan Nagar, Cidco. The second incident occurred took place at 9.30 am in Kathe Galli, No. 3, where another woman was robbed of her 20 gram gold chain. Yet another incident occurred in Indiranagar at 10.30 am. In this incident, a gold chain weighing 40 grams was snatched.Following these, there were two more incidents that were reported, which led the city police to plunge into action immediately plunged into action with using 80% of available staff at various police stations.Police Patrolling teams and different branches descended on the streets to nab the culprits.But it appears that the miscreants might have fled the city in the meanwhile, Apparently, by then the miscreants had fled out of the city as the heightened patrolling and the exercise by the police did not bear expected results.Commenting on the police's future course of action, ACP Ganesh Shinde of Zone 1 said, \"The police are gauging the modus operandi of the chain snatchers. In the recent incidents, elderly woman living in the interiors of the city were targeted by the miscreants. Thus the effort of the police would be to intensify patrolling in the morning, include plain clothes woman police employees as traps and create awareness such that situations where women are targeted and left vulnerable may be minimized. There must be less less opportunity for burglars to be able to execute such crimes.\"Shinde added that city police commissioner Kulwant Kumar Sarangal in a programme to inaugurate flexes on awareness on chain snatchings and burglaries, put up at Meri Chowk on Dindori Road, had appealed to citizens to approach the police freely so that they would be better informed and prepared to tackle such crimes. was better placed in addressing them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14625499", "title": "Chief minister Mamata Banerjee forms task force to check prices", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Monday set up an 11-member task force to monitor soaring prices and threatened police raids against efforts to jack up rates artificially. She, however, shot down the opposition's demand for an all-party meeting on the issue.The task force, headed by agriculture secretary Subrata Biswas, includes five other government representatives and five members from the trading community. Officials from Kolkata Police, the enforcement directorate and the agriculture and marketing and horticulture departments will meet community representatives every morning to discuss price trends and take action accordingly.The chief minister also hinted at promulgating a law to rein in runaway vegetable prices because the existing laws - the Essential Commodities Act and the Anti-Profiteering Act - do not cover vegetables.Task force will recce markets every morning: CMThe government also decided to import 200 tonnes of green chillies from Katihar. These will be sold in the KMC's 28 regulatory markets and those in the districts.The CM on Saturday visited the wholesale Koley market at Sealdah and the retail market at Lansdowne to check out vegetable prices that had lately gone through the roof. She then called Monday's meeting with agriculture minister Rabindranath Bhattacharya and agriculture and marketing minister Aroop Roy , chief secretary Samar Ghosh, DGP Naparajit Mukherjee, ADG (law and order ) Surajit Kar Purakayasthya and secretaries of agriculture, agriculture and marketing and horticulture departments . Also present were traders from Burrabazar and Posta. The monitoring committee will meet on June 17.The chief minister said, \"The task force will meet every morning after a recce of the markets, conduct raids and pin-point middlemen who are jacking up the prices.\" \"We had formed another task force last year. It had been effective for some time, but there was lack was coordination .There is absolutely no reason for crisis,\" she conceded.Claiming there was enough potato and rice, the CM said, \"There has been a dip in the production of green chillies in South 24-Parganas and Jalpaiguri.\"Would she convene an all-party meeting on the issue of price-rise ? \"What meeting?\" the CM snapped. \"What have they (the Left Front government) done in the last 35 years? There are no blocklevel officers in the agri-marketing department . They have demolished the structure.\"The Left MLAs staged a walkout in the assembly after speaker Biman Banerjee turned out the plea of an adjournment motion over the issue.The chief minister had obviously not taken kindly to the proceedings: \"In 2009, the cost of brinjal was Rs 80 a kg and people were shelling out Rs 24/Rs 26 for a kg of potato. Now they (the CPM) are shedding crocodile's tears when potato is selling at Rs 16.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "14622456", "title": "GAIL to start exploratory drilling in Thanjavur, Tiruvarur", "text": "TRICHY: The GAIL (India) Ltd is planning to start onshore exploratory drilling at four places in Thanjavur and Tiruvarur districts. Officials from GAIL conducted two mandatory public hearings with the local land holders - the first at Thanjavur on June 15 and the second at Tiruvarur on June 27 with the district collectors as chairman of the public hearings to address their concerns.A GAIL official said that the Government of India had in the past identified the block, and the Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas ( MoPNG) had awarded the oil and gas exploration block jointly to GAIL India Limited (40%), Bengal Energy International Inc (30%) and Gujarat State Petroleum Corporation Limited (30%) under the New Exploration Licensing Policy ( NELP).This block covers an area of 923 sq km, housing 50 villages in Pattukottai, Orathanadu and Tiruvonam blocks. The exact drilling sites are yet to be finalized, but exploratory drilling wells within the four lead areas will be confined to 525 sq km that has already been identified. The objective of the exploratory drilling is to determine the potential of commercial hydrocarbon reserves within the block.GAIL's Chennai-based deputy general manager, Varadharajan who participated in the Thanjavur public hearing said there would four leads (exploration areas) and three would be conducted in the first phase and the remaining one in the second phase. The company would need at least 22 kilo litres of oil a day in order to sustain the project, and if the first three projects fail to strike oil, the fourth might remain a question mark.Each exploratory drilling would require 12,000 sq meters of land and if there was a need for an approach road to the exploratory site, temporary non-tar roads would be laid on temporary lease. If for some reason the oil is not struck, the lands would be replenished to the original condition, Varadharajan quoted the agreement as saying. It was also decided at the second and final public hearing that the surface soil would be removed with modern equipment after identifying an underground field of hydrocarbon reserves.Varadharajan said it would take a maximum of four months to conduct the probability study, and in deference to the views of Tiruvarur collector S Natarajan the oil or gas pipeline would be laid one metre below the surface with proper casing.G Gopalakrishnan, the Thanjavur district environmental engineer told TOI that since the public hearing was over, the next level would be the availing of environmental clearance. The district collectors insisted on liberal payments to the landholders against lease and crop compensation as more than 80% of the land in the area was used for agricultural purpose with paddy as the primary produce.However, one positive aspect was that the traffic study survey revealed that traffic density on the roads near the probable sites was less than their carrying capacity and the proposed block had a low damage risk as per the Earthquake Hazard Map of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "14625834", "title": "Three persons commit suicide", "text": "AKOLA: Three persons committed suicide in different parts of the district in last 48 hours. A 28-year-old youth of Palsod village Mangesh Deshmukh hanged himself to death on June 30. In the second incident Mohammad Harun Mohammad Shafi, a resident of Khadakpura of Baarshi Takli tehsil, ended his life on Saturday night. In the third incident Raju Bhanudas Bhendekar of Shivni breathed his last after he hanged himself to death to a lemon tree on his field. Reason behind his suicide is not known. In another case Lalita Rangrao Rathod of Wai village succumbed to burn injuries on Sunday night. She was admitted to the hospital with 63% burn injuries.Two die in accidentTwo motorbike riders were killed instantly when a speeding truck knocked their bike near Karankhed village in Chikhli taluka in Buldhana district on Sunday night. The deceased have been identified as Siva Tholabare (22) and Arun Sawadatkar (23), residents of Chikhli.Man murderedSantosh Bais was found dead near the water tank of Malegaon weekly market in Washim district on June 30. Police suspect he was murdered. In another case, a farmer Gopal Digambar Ugle (20) was killed when lightning struck him on agricultural field. He was resident of Rui Gosta village in Manora taluka in Washim district on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14622288", "title": "GRP arrest 3 in train", "text": "PATNA: The GRP on Monday nabbed three persons involved in a racket of drugging passengers on running trains to loot their valuables.The three arrested persons were identified as Mohammad Asgar, Ahiya and Jilani; all belonging to Kisanganj district. They were later sent to jail, said superintendent of railway police (SRP), Patna, Suresh Choudhary.According to the SRP, being tipped off, the GRP was keeping a close watch on the activities of these con men on the running Delhi - New Jalpaiguri Sampark Kranti Express. When they were about to drug passengers in a sleeper bogie, GRP men nabbed them at Mokama and recovered several intoxicants from their possession, he said, adding, investigation into the matter is still on. An FIR was lodged with the Mokama GRP in this connection, the SRP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14617500", "title": "17 Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology scientists retire", "text": "KANPUR: As many as 17 scientists and faculty members of Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology retired on June 30. They were given a farewell by the university staff on Monday.R S Kamalvanshi stayed for the maximum period in the university, teaching students and doing research work.He was in CSA for 41 years.There are nearly 45 to 50 per cent post lying vacant in the agriculture university.Meanwhile, that it is expected that a budget of Rs 60 crore may get passed on Tuesday, which would be utilised towards payment of salaries of the university staff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "14626787", "title": "Imphal may get passport office soon", "text": "IMPHAL: Manipur home minister Gaikhangam on Monday told the assembly that the government has been pressuring the Centre for opening a regional passport office in Imphal.Gaikhangam said an earlier office memorandum (OM), notified by the ministry of home affairs (MHA), said Passport Seva Kendras (PSKs) would be opened in all northeastern states.Six police officers would be sent for training the proposed PSKs in Imphal, the home minister said, while responding to a call-attention motion raised by legislator I Ibohalbi Singh of the opposition Trinamool Congress .He added that once they complete their training and a go ahead signal is given by the ministry, the office would be opened at a secured place in Imphal to ensure that people not longer face any hardships while applying for a passport.On a query of the same legislator during question hour, the home minister said the total number of village defence force (VDF) personnel, till May this year, is 10049.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14619874", "title": "'Salman ready to go to Pak for freeing Sarabjit'", "text": "MUMBAI: Actor Salman Khan will go to Pakistan to secure the release of Sarabjit Singh if needed. The actor told Sarabjit's sister Dalbir Kaur and daughter Swapandeep that he will keep the commitment he has made to them of helping to bring Sarabjit back to India.Sarabjit's sister landed unannounced in Mumbai on Sunday evening along with her niece. Swapandeep met the actor at Mehboob Studio to thank him for his initiative. Swapandeep told TOI, \"Salman has told us that he will be with us till the time my father does not come back from Pakistan. He has also told us that if need arises he will go to Pakistan to request freedom freedom for my father.\"The actor has already launched an online petition seeking support for Sarabjit's release. The actor said,Requesting the pakistan media , govt and people to consider his freedom , send him back to Punjab to be with his his family.It would be a superb gesture on thier part.'' The actor in his petition has said, \"For over 20 years, Sarabjit Singh is in a Pakistan prison for a crime he did not commit. He and his family have suffered for too long. Please sign this petition to appeal to the Pakistan government that he be freed and united with his family in Punjab.\"The actor has been tweeting seeking support from people across the world. After he first saw the pictures of Sarabjit's family, he had tweeted: \"Wanted to tweet this for the longest time, saw a pic of Sarabjeets sister, it Killed me. Felt real sad for her. Help me help her (sic).\"Reacting to Salman's campaign, Dalbir Kaur said, \"I came to Mumbai to thank him for what he has done for us. He spent about two hours with our family. He has given us a lot of hope.\" Sarabjit's sister also met other Bollywood personalities like Mahesh Bhatt and Raza Murad. She does not believe that there was confusion in the name when Surjeet Singh was released instead of her brother.. She said, \"I don't buy this theory of Pakistan. I know the order for my brother's release from Pakistani jail has been done but they are executing it.''Dalbir has also sought an appointment with Congress president Sonia Gandhi and party general secretary Rahul Gandhi . and . She said, I might get a chance to meet them in this month.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14620370", "title": "Organ transplant case: Rohit Chadha's family protests at India Gate", "text": "NEW DELHI: Members of the family of Rohit Chadha, who died during a liver transplant operation at Medanta the Medicity in May, held a protest against the doctors who had conducted the operation at India Gate at 7 pm on Monday.Members of Rohit's family complained of lack of communication from the doctors after the operation, despite repeated requests. Menika Sahni, Rohit's cousin, said, \"Dr Naresh Trehan apologized to me and assured me that Medanata won't charge for Rohit's medication. This gesture was made only because of their guilt.\"Deeksha, Rohit's wife, said that doctors could not be trusted any more and that medicine was no more a noble profession but had in fact become a business.Rohit's father, J L Chadha, was shocked to learn that Dr A S Soin is a Padmashree winner. He said, \"Someone kindly check his credentials and qualifications, it is hard to believe he is a Padmashree.\"Another family, present at the protest, accused Medanta and Dr Soin of ruining the lives of two members of their family in a liver transplant operation. Mrs Sunita Jain died on April 4 last year after she received the liver of her sister, Vinita Jain. The donor, Vinita Jain, is now paralysed.Sunita's daughter, Rupali Jain, said that over the years, many individuals and families have suffered due to Medanta's carelessness.Pramod Jain, Sunita's husband, said \"Not only did we lose Sunita, but we also had to pay a huge amount for her treatment. We were reminded of our tragedy after reading Rohit's case in the paper.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14619870", "title": "26/11: Abu Jundal names same Pak army officers as Headley did", "text": "MUMBAI: The statements of American jihadi David Headley and alleged 26/11 handler Zabihuddin Ansari, alias Abu Jundal, match in one key respect: they have both named the same three Pakistani officials as being involved in the planning and execution of the 26/11 attacks. Sources in the Maharashtra Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS), which is keeping tabs on the developments in Delhi, where Jundal is being interrogated, said Jundal has named Major Iqbal, Major Sameer Ali and Colonel Shah of the Pakistani army.Jundal is believed to have told interrogators that Major Iqbal provided Rs 25 lakh for the boat that was initially purchased for the 2008 attacks. However, the terrorists' first attempt to reach Mumbai by sea was thwarted due to bad weather. \"Prior to November 2008, the ISI had sailed a weapons-laden boat towards Mumbai, but the boat rammed into rocks and the attack was postponed,\" said an officer in Mumbai on condition of anonymity.Mumbai officers are being kept abreast of developments in Delhi by central investigating agencies. The revelation continues to put pressure on Pakistan, which has been denying any role in the attacks.Pakistani-American Headley named the same three Pakistani army officials, according to a National Investigation Agency report on his statement. Headley had said that these three Pakistani army officials were among the architects of the 26/11 attacks. Investigators will reportedly compare the statements of Jundal and Headley.Headley also told the American FBI that Jamaat-ud-Dawa chief Hafeez Saeed was in the loop at each and every stage of the planning and execution of the attacks. Jundal has told investigators that Abu Kaahfa, Abu Al Qama, Muzzamil ,Sajid Majeed, Abu Anas and Abu Hamza were present in the control room from where instructions were given to the 26/11 terrorists.Jundal, who was in the Lashkar-e-Taiba's (LeT) 26/11 control room, was deported last month from Saudi Arabia . He was a Simi member before he joined the outlawed terror outfit Indian Mujaheedin (IM), which is accused of perpetrating blasts throughout the country. Jundal is also accused in the 2006 Aurangabad arms haul. Jundal allegedly played a key role in bringing the LeT and IM together for their common cause: spreading terror in the name of jihad in India.The LeT has secretly orchestrated and financed several blasts in the country since 2000, including the 2003 twin blasts and 2006 serial train blasts. Security agencies learnt about the LeT-IM link only after the Mumbai Crime Branch busted an IM module with members that had perpetrated blasts since 2005.Jundal's name also cropped up in the 2010 Pune German Bakery blast, which left 17 dead and 65 wounded. The police discovered that Jundal sent Rs 6 lakh through hawala channels for the blast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14631054", "title": "NIOS skill programme to cover more Muslim girls: Kapil Sibal", "text": "NEW DELHI: A skill development plan under National Institute of Open Schooling (NIOS) would be extended to more girls from Muslim community, HRD Minister Kapil Sibal has said.Giving away certificates to the pass-outs of the 'HUNAR' programme here on Sunday, he said the programme would be extended to more Muslim girls, enabling them to nurture the skill that they are naturally blessed with.The programme was launched in February last year as a part of an endeavour to promote school education and skills among disadvantaged communities.About 1,613 girls took admission and 218 learners passed from 14 centres in the Old city area of Delhi in different trades such as tailoring, basic computing, preservation of vegetables and fruits, gram sakhi, embroidery etc under the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14634976", "title": "No more films for Darsheel Safary", "text": "Darsheel Safary has finished all his work for Deepa Mehta's Midnight's Children including the dubbing. For now it's no more movies for the child-wonder who was nominated for Filmfare's best actor award at age 11 and lost the trophy to Shah Rukh Khan.Darsheel shocks you by confessing he may not choose acting as his career when he grows up. That he is is no longer a child is proven by his clarity of thought and his exasperation when called a child. \" Arrey that was when I did Taare.. I was born in 1996 so you can calculate how old I am.\"Struggling with the burden of Class 10 exams, the 16-year old would not be seen in any other feature film barring Deepa Mehta's Midnight's Children for a very long time.Even the dance reality-show that Darsheel has taken on has been done on condition that he would rehearse for it only during breaks from his school studies tuition and sleep. And the rehearsal hall has been shifted next door to the Safarys' residence to expedite his dance practice during study breaks.Says Darsheel, \"They also broke the rule and let me have Avneet Kaur as my dancing partner rather than my choreographer. I am very nervous about appearing on Jhalak Dikhla Jaa because the judges are superstars. Madhuri Dixit , Remo d'Souza and Karan Johar know all about filmy dancing. I am just a newcomer and the youngest contestant on the show. But you know what? I want to win the contest and will do my best to do so.\"Says Darsheel, \"Acting and dancing can go on later. At the moment I want to concentrate on my studies. I took on Jhalak Dilkhla Jaa only because of my passion for dancing. The channel Colors is very accommodating. They let me rehearse whenever I get time from my studies and the practice hall is right next to our home. I even carry my books to the hall and study during dance breaks. See, my Mama is very particular about my studies. Even when I was shooting in Sri Lanka for Midnight's Children she made sure my studies didn't suffer.\"At the moment Darsheel is not sure he wants to pursue a career in acting in adulthood. \"Dancing is also a passion. So I may decide to become a choreographer. Or I may go for a third option. Just because I've been appreciated as an actor doesn't mean I'd get the same love of my fans when I grow up,\" says Darsheel with a maturity far beyond his 16 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14622885", "title": "Panel denies tarriff drop request", "text": "NASHIK: The Internal Consumers' Grievances Redressal Committee (ICGRC) of Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company, Urban Circle, has turned down the request of an industrialist for changing the Low Tension tariff applied to him by the power company.\"After hearing the consumer at length and considering the communication from the chief engineer (commercial) of the head office in Mumbai, the tarriff that has been applied to the consumer is correct,\" the committee, headed by MSEDCL's executive engineer, said in its order dated June 28.The consumer, who is an industrialist, Nagendra Nadkarni of Herald Engineers, Ambad, had claimed that he was a low tension consumer having a contractual demand of less than 20 KW, which meant he was classified in LT-V (A) category. However the tariff applied to him was LT-V (B) category due to which the MSEDCL had charged him 40% additional charges. After several complaints, his tariff category was changed from LT V (A) to LT V (B) category and the power company claimed that the reason the re-categorisation was done was based on the ecause of the on the basis of sanctioned load.The consumer then applied to the ICGRC seeking justiceover the issue, but this request has now been turned down. Reacting to the decision, Nadkarni said that the order itself clearly stated that the decision reached by the committee was based on claims made by senior officials of the company and not on facts.\"During the hearing, none of the senior officials were present to clear their stand and I had requested that the committee discuss the issue with reference to Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC) guidelines. This has not been done. The president of the committee is an executive engineer on the of the company and reportsing to the chief engineer. The order does not take into consideration MERC rules,\" Nadkarni said.He further stated that he would be filing the complaint with the Consumers Grievances Redressal Forum ( CGRF) and had to go to ICGRC only to follow procedure.\"In the meanwhile, I will also be writing to MERC - which is scheduled to carry out a public hearing on MSEDCL's demand for a price hike, to first clear the on-going confusion over the tariff categorization,\" Nadkardni said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14620733", "title": "Teacher's beating lands kid in hospital", "text": "KOLKATA: A schoolteacher in Sodepur allegedly beat up a Class-III student with a wooden ruler on Monday, landing the eight-year-old in hospital.The boy's fault was making a ruckus in class along with his friends. His parents have lodged a complaint with Khardah police against the teacher, Mahua Sengupta. A case has been started under Sec 324 IPC, but no one has been arrested yet.The incident happened barely after a morning-shift class had been held at Panihati Trannath Primary School at Sodepur near Khardah in North 24-Parganas. According to a source in school, some students of Class III started making a ruckus after the first class got over. This apparently infuriated Mohua Sengupta, who came in to take the second class.She allegedly picked up a wooden ruler and made for the noisy students, all of whom fled, except for Kishalay Banerjee. In a fit of rage, Sengupta allegedly beat him up mercilessly, leaving the little boy with injuries under the left ear and on the hands.After returning home, the boy fell ill. \"There were several injury marks on his body. I was shocked when he told me about it. He was crying in pain and I took him to Panihati State General Hospital. The teacher who beat him up so brutally should be punished,\" said the boy's mother Mahua Banerjee.An official of the school said they were \"probing the matter\". \"If the teacher is found guilty, she will be punished,\" the official said. The accused teacher could not be contacted.Police have started a probe. \"We have received a complaint against the teacher and a case has been started. We are waiting for the boy's medical report to know about the nature of injuries,\" said Biswajit Ghosh, additional deputy commissioner of police, Barrackpore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14634857", "title": "Rape biggest crime trend in India: National Crime Record Bureau", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Rape, which is yet to attract capital punishment in India, has seen the maximum rise among all the total cognizable crimes in the country recorded under the Indian Penal Code between 1953 to 2011, according to the latest data by National Crime Record Bureau (NCRB) - the statistical wing of Indian Police under ministry of home affairs (MHA).With 24,206 cases in 2011, rape cases jumped to incredible increase of 873 % from 1971 when the oldest case of rape was first recorded by NCRB. Even in 1971, there were 2043 cases of rape, the NCRB report said.The NCRB had started collecting data on rape cases only from 1971 while other cognizable crimes have been chronicled from 1953.Among all the states, Madhya Pradesh has emerged as the rape capital of India with 3406 cases involving this heinous crime - the highest in the country.West Bengal, the state known more for its rich literary heritage, ranks second with 2363 rape cases.Uttar Pradesh and Rajasthan follow next with 2042 and 1800 cases.Among the union territories, Delhi with rising incidence of such cases reported in the NCR region ranked one with 507 cases whereas Mumbai reported 117 cases of rape in 2011.In 2011, there were 9398 cases of rape involving children. Kidnapping and abduction was the second biggest crime in the country with a rise of 749 % as compared with the data chronicled in 1953.Murder and riots followed next increasing by 250 % and 233 % respectively. Incidence of dacoity, burglary and house breaking, however, showed the most declining trend over a period of 59 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14626810", "title": "Rains lash Bhopal", "text": "BHOPAL: The state capital witnessed heavy rains accompanied with high velocity winds on Monday evening. However, Bhopal is yet to witness the onset of monsoon.Director meteorological department Bhopal circle D P Dubey said, \"Monsoon is expected to arrive in a couple of days. Monday evening saw pre monsoon showers in the city.\"The duty officer told TOI, \"These are localised thundershowers. The moisture being provided to the region by the upper air cyclonic circulation developed over the Bay of Bengal and the Arabian Sea is leading to the thundery development.\"After the day long hot and humid weather conditions, the weather was again pleasant in the evening following the brief spell of heavy showers. The city recorded 11.2 mm of rainfall in the evening.However, northern Madhya Pradesh and the Bundelkhand regions of the state are still reeling under heat wave conditions with the mercury rising to 45 degrees C at many places. Hot winds continue to sweep across Datia and Khajuraho recorded 45 degrees Celsius.The maximum temperature recorded in Bhopal was 37 degrees (+4) C while the minimum was 24 degrees Celsius. Indore was cooler with maximum and minimum temperatures at 34.4 degrees (+2) and 22.6 degrees Celsius. Indore recorded 11.8 mm respectively.Other areas of the state which received rainfall are Depalpur (6 cm), Hoshangabad (4 cm), Khandwa (4 cm), Shajapur (3 cm), Pachmarhi (2 cm), Jhabua (1 cm) and Mhow (1 cm).While Gwalior recorded 43.6 degrees (+7) as maximum temperature, Jabalpur was cooler at 38.3 degrees Celsius (+5) C. The minimum temperatures recorded in these regions were 33.2 (+6) and 26.6 (+2) degrees Celsius respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14632261", "title": "Practicing advocates must renew their licence once in five years", "text": "CHENNAI: Henceforth, all practicing advocates in the country must renew their licence to practice once in five years. A circular to this effect, asking all the state bar councils to levy a nominal Rs 600 as renewal fee, has been sent by the Bar Council of India.Bar council is a statutory body, run by representatives of advocates elected once in five years. The body is statutorily empowered to enrol advocates, initiate disciplinary proceedings in case of complaint of misconduct and to prescribe and regulate syllabus for legal education in the country. It also has powers to recognise or derecognise law colleges and law schools.\"As of now, enrolment in bar council register is a one-time affair. Our new initiative will ensure that only practising lawyers remained alive on the rolls. This campaign will weed out non-serious law graduates, who go everywhere claiming to be advocates on the basis of their one-time enrolment,\" said D Selvam, chairman, Bar Council of Tamil Nadu.\"Besides brining in some revenue for the Bar council's general fund, the move will help practising advocates to update their identity cards and all the updated information will be hosted in our official website immediately,\" Selvam told The Times of India.At present, the Tamil Nadu Bar council, which has jurisdiction over the Union Territory of Puducherry also, has about 55,000 lawyers enrolled in it's register. Of them, only about 25,000 are practising on day to day basis, said Selvam. Pointing out that about 35,000 members voted in the last Council elections, the Chairman said the renewal drive was expected to bring about Rs 2.2 crore in revenue for the council. \"More than the money it brings, the updation of professional details of our members means more to us,\" said Selvam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14625659", "title": "Chancellor summons Sapkal over paper leak", "text": "NAGPUR: Taking serious cognisance of Nagpur University's BCCA paper leak episode, first exposed by TOI on April 22, Chancellor K Sankaranarayanan on Monday summoned vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal to his office in Mumbai. As per NU sources, Sapkal has been asked to come along with all the documents pertaining to the leak.Though chancellor's secretary Vikas Rastogi didn't comment on the summon, he confirmed that Sapkal would be meeting Sankaranarayanan on Tuesday at 9.30am. \"He will discuss the (paper leak) episode with the chancellor,\" Rastogi told TOI.Sources, however, said Sapkal has been summoned for messing up the entire issue and allegedly flouting norms. When asked for confirmation, NU PRO Prashant Mohite diverted queries to VC's officer Pradip Binniwale, who refused to provide any information.This is nothing new, since many written queries by the media, passed on by the PRO office to various NU departments, are not answered for months. Officials and NU statutory members cite VC's gag orders while refusing to talk to the media.Monday's development came after the Sapkal-led administration, which tried hard to keep the issue under wraps, was exposed by TOI through a series of reports. The newspaper had highlighted how VC, Controller of Examinations (COE) Siddharth Kane, registrar Mahesh Yenkie and Board of College and University Development (BCUD) director Arvind Choudhary were trying to sweep the issue under the carpet to save the guilty. They were allegedly being pressurised by a political group led by DNC principal Baban Taywade, commerce dean Bharat Meghe, science dean KC Deshmukh and Eknath Kathale among others.Sapkal, who flew to Mumbai on Monday, had a detailed meeting with Rastogi for over an hour where he was told what the chancellor's office actually wants. Sources said Sapkal was told to come up with an explanation for various contentious issues and blunders related to the leak. He will have a tough time defending the inordinate delay of over two-and-a-half-months in conducting BCCA re-exam, thus unnecessarily harassing innocent students.This was despite the panel set up by him, led by chancellor nominee Sanjay Khadakkar, confirming the leak on the second day itself.Three BoE members, engineering dean Ravi Kshirsagar, law dean Anjali Hastak and pharmacy dean Pramod Yeole, had filed a petition with the chancellor's office, praying for VC's removal for flouting norms.QUESTIONS THAT NEED ANSWERING* Whether FIR was lodged in consonance with Khadakkar panel report's observations?* Why was he a party to decision to withdraw FIR taken by BoE on May 30?* Why decision to withdraw FIR was taken when three BoE members had already dissented and filed a petition with chancellor's office?* Why it took over two months to take decision on re-exam when Khadakkar panel confirmed the leak?* What was the motive behind constituting another panel under Eknath Kathale, who himself strongly denied the leak?* Why Sapkal was keen on announcing results of BCCA exam when probe was underway?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "14624728", "title": "'Emotional atyachar' by CM, laments Sadique", "text": "JALANDHAR: Congress MLA Mohd Sadique has alleged \" emotional atyachar\" by chief minister P S Badal as he was asked by the CM to sing in the assembly, but after he obliged, the CM and SAD used this to embarrass the Congress.\"I remained disturbed for over 24 hours and could not even sleep for a day. I thought that the octogenarian CM was asking me to sing from the core of his heart and I obliged. But he hurt my feelings when just after I sang he said 'koi vain paun wala vi bula lao' (Also present somebody who can wail). It was like a mental torture by exploiting my simplicity as I believed that CM had made an earnest request due to which the speaker also allowed me to sing,\" Sadique told TOI on Monday.Former Congress MLA Sukhpal Khaira said that Badal should apologize for insulting a dalit MLA (Sadique) by ridiculing him after the latter obliged the CM. Congress MP Ravneet Bittu has said that ridiculing Sadique's singing a song in the assembly on CM's asking was like being \"anti-Punjabiyat\" as Sadique was a celebrated and dedicated Punjabi singer, \"who has served the Punjabi mother tongue and music for decades\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14624516", "title": "Probe into SDM's forged letter begins", "text": "MARGAO: The Quepem police have begun investigations into a suspected case of forgery wherein the signature of the Quepem sub-divisional magistrate (SDM) and deputy collector, Sandhya Kamat, was allegedly forged by an unidentified person to send fake letters addressed to the Sanguem police inspector and the assistant engineer (AE) of the electricity department.Quepem PI Santosh Dessai informed TOI that the matter pertains to a tenancy revision case in the court of the Quepem SDM, wherein Kamat had passed an order to maintain status quo in the property in question in Neturlim village in Sanguem taluka. The allegedly fake letters dated May 25 which carries the supposedly forged signature of the SDM, have reference to the said tenancy revision case.While the Sanguem PI has been asked to \"provide police protection to the applicant and to maintain status quo in respect of the property in Neturlim,\" by the allegedly fake letter, the assistant engineer of the electricity department, Sanguem, was told to \"disconnect the electricity connection and to maintain status quo in respect of the property in Neturlim.\"Suspecting the authenticity of the letters, both the Sanguem PI and the AE of the electricity department wrote back to the SDM to confirm the veracity of the letters.What roused the suspicions regarding the letters was that they were not found as per the format of official correspondence and, moreover, they were sent by postal service, instead of the usual practice of sending such inter-departmental letters through the respective office peons.Quepem PI Santosh Dessai told TOI that Kamat brought the matter to his notice and though no official complaint has been lodged, inquiries have begun.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14625950", "title": "Konkan mangroves on the decline", "text": "PUNE: The diversity and distribution of present day mangrove vegetation along the west coast and Konkan in particular, is under tremendous stress.This vital component of the coastal ecosystem is exposed to natural disasters and human impact due to developmental activities, a study has said. Scientists of Pune-based Agharkar Research Institute have made these observations in their study that decoded the existence of mangroves in Konkan during the past 10,000 years, based on mangrove pollen signatures along the Konkan coast.The study indicates that the ideal environmental conditions for mangrove development prevailed here during Middle Holocene ( 7220 - 4770 years ago) and decline of mangroves started some 3,500 years ago and further degradation continues due to extremely dry climate, weakening monsoon trends and of course development pressures. Mangroves are typical groups of plants that survive in sheltered brackish-water habitats along coasts, known to be the nursery grounds and habitat for a variety of animals and shoreline protectors.The continued decline and degradation of mangrove due to frequent natural disasters and developmental pressure has negative consequences on transfer of material into marine systems, and influences the atmospheric composition and climate dynamics. Human interference is clearly visible as pollen signatures are poorly recorded in the modern sediments at a few locations in Navi Mumbai. It shows that the mangrove vegetation has been under environmental stress affecting poor phenological conditions (flowering, fruiting).Further, pollen grains are not preserved due to high alkaline conditions at certain locations in Thane and Navi Mumbai. The present anthropogenic activities include clearing of land, agricultural practices, grazing, industrial activities, among others. This study called 'Mangrove vegetation responses to Holocene climate change along Konkan coast of southwestern India' was recently published in an international journal `Quaternary International.'KPN Kumaran CSIR emeritus scientist at ARI told TOI that mangrove pollen grains are microscopic particles, their signatures preserved in the sediments. Mangrove swamps have considerable significance while decoding their past existence and their responses to the changes of climate. These tiny pollen grains are excellent fingerprints of their parent plants.\"Mangroves act as bioshields between land and the ocean as they play a major role in maintaining the ecological balance of our coastal environment.The antiquity of mangroves is extremely important in understanding their role in coastal dynamics as the sea level changes and climate has considerable impact in maintaining this sensitive ecosystem in time and space,\" he said.During the last 10,000 years, when the first extensive mangrove swamps appeared in Sindhudurg area, ideal environmental conditions for mangrove development along the Konkan prevailed. There were gently sloping intertidal areas, accumulation of substantial amount of substrates, low energy conditions and a relatively stable sea level, which must have led to the mangrove growth along the Konkan coast, the study states.\"Whereas, the present Konkan coast is a wave-dominated environment, with sandy beaches and wave cut rocky cliffs with high energy,which is highly unfavourable and against the ecological requirements of mangrove development. Thus, the diversity and distribution of the present day mangroves along the west coast and Konkan in particular indicate that some plant species no longer grow here as they used to, because they require low energy and sheltered habitats for their sustenance,\" he said.Kumaran said the Konkan coast stretch has received considerable importance in recent years because of the rail link and subsequent socio-economic development arising out of several power and mining projects. This track includes Thane, greater Mumbai, Mumbai, Raigad, Ratnagiri and Sindhudurg districts.Ruta Limaye,CSIR senior research associate at ARI, Pune who carried out this study under fast track young scientist scheme, funded by the department of science and technology, New Delhi pointed out that mangroves are facing threats from human interference, developmental activities and pollution.\"Considering the fossil record of mangroves from the elevated nearshore deposits in Sindhudurg and Ratnagiri districts, mangroves of south Konkan are believed to be surviving remnants of a natural phenomenon in the last 4-5 millions years.While, those of north Konkan must have evolved much later around 10,000 years ago or in recent times and may be even linked to the strengthening of the summer monsoon as observed in other tropical areas,\" she said.The importance of this study, she stressed, lies in the fact that Konkan coast hosts several potential eco-sensitive sites, mangrove response to climate and environmental changes adds a new dimension to understanding of the coastal marine processes in this region, she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14625450", "title": "'Rise in sea level can't be stopped'", "text": "LONDON: Rising sea levels cannot be stopped over the next several hundred years even if deep emissions cuts lower global average temperatures , but they can be slowed down, climate scientists said in a study on Sunday.A lot of climate research shows that rising greenhouse gas emissions are responsible for increasing global average surface temperatures by about 0.17 degrees Celsius a decade from 1980-2010 and for a sea level rise of about 2.3mm a year from 2005-2010 as ice caps and glaciers melt.Rising sea levels threaten about a tenth of the world's population who live in low-lying areas and islands which are at risk of flooding.More than 180 countries are negotiating a new climate pact which will come into force by 2020 and force all nations to cut emissions to limit warming to below 2 degrees Celsius this century.But even if the most ambitious emission cuts are made, it might not be enough, said scientists at the United States' National Centre for Atmospheric Research, US research organisation Climate Central and Centre for Australian Weather and Climate Research in Melbourne.This is because as warmer temperatures penetrate deep, the water warms and expands as the heat mixes through different ocean regions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14618736", "title": "Sohail Khan's driver knocks down aged woman", "text": "MUMBAI: Actor Sohail Khan's Lexus SUV mowed down a pavement dweller while she was crossing a road at Bandra (West) on Sunday night. According to initial reports, the alcohol test on the driver, Dhananjay Pimpale, was negative. Eyewitnesses confirmed that no member of the Khan family was in the vehicle when the woman, said to have been in her 70s, was crushed, police said.Pimpale, 46, surrendered around 1.30am and the police booked him for causing death by negligence. He was later produced before a court and freed on bail.Expressing \"shock\", Sohail said, \"The news has been hyped up. Instead of focusing on who was in the car, people should focus on the fact that a woman has died. The accident happened by mistake.\"The driver reportedly left superstar Salman Khan's residence near Bandstand for his brother Sohail's Hill Road home around 11pm. He had driven around 100 metres when he realized that he had forgotten his tiffin box at Salman's residence. He took a sudden U-turn, crushing pavement dweller Chandanbala.'Driver saw some black plastic bag and did not know there was lady'Actor Sohail Khan's driver Dhananjay Pimpale reportedly did not stop to help an elderly woman after running over her near Bandstand on Sunday night. He instead sped away from the spot.Eyewitnesses said they had seen Pimpale behind the wheel and the vehicle had dragged Chandanbala a few metres before speeding away. Passersby took her to Bhabha Hospital, where doctors refused to treat her. She was left unattended near the hospital's mortuary, and breathed her last 30 minutes later.\"The woman had come to live on the footpath near Salman's home only a week ago. She appeared to be suffering from some old age-related diseases. Her body was infested with worms, so people used to stay away from her,\" the security guard of a building near the accident spot said.Pimpale told police that he was unaware that he had crushed the woman and realized it only after people started screaming at him to stop. \"He sped away fearing he would get beaten up,\" an officer said.Superstar Salman Khan sounded disturbed by the incident. He said, \"First there was an accident on the Dabangg set, where three of my unit members were injured, and now this one. It makes me feel really sad.\" He said Sunday night's accident \"happened by mistake. I spoke to the driver whom I consider a very responsible and careful person. He told me he saw some black plastic bag and did not know there was lady\".The police said they had recorded statements of eyewitnesses, who said Pimpale was at the wheel of the vehicle. They have seized the vehicle for examination and asked for its documents for verification. The vehicle is registered in the name of actor Arbaaz Khan and his younger brother Sohail was using it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "14624651", "title": "Youth killed for exposing stepmom's illicit relation", "text": "JALANDHAR: A woman, her paramour and another person were arrested for murdering her stepson who, according to reports, had written her a letter carrying obscene references.Police said the body was recovered from a farm in Kartarpur on June 6, and injures using sharp-edged weapons had been inflicted on it. Investigation found that victim Amandeep's stepmother Sandeep was several years younger to her husband, and had an illicit relation with a resident of Kartarpur. Amandeep was a drug addict and was aware of the goings-on, and wrote the letter.This angered the woman who informed her paramour Mohd Ikrar, and they planned the killing. Mohd Ikraar originally belongs to Saharanpur and the third accused Anil is also from the same place. The accused lured Amandeep to the farm with drugs and murdered him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14621597", "title": "Sangh parivar moots Janam to take on People", "text": "KOCHI: The sangh parivar may be finding it difficult to get a political toehold in Kerala. But this is not stopping the saffron brigade from attempting a sky route to Kerala living rooms by launching a Malayalam news and entertainment channel.Named 'Janam', the project which enjoys the total blessing of the RSS, is expected to launch on Vijayadasami Day in 2013. The business model, ironically, is a xerox of their bete noire CPM's Kairali People concept. \"The RSS or any other sangh organization won't have any role in day-to-day running of the channel. But we will enjoy their patronage,'' a source said. The channel will be promoted by Janam Private Limited, a Rs 100-crore company with NRIs and like-minded deshi sympathizers as its shareholders. The company has been registered with I&B; ministry.\"We have been granted the title Janam. This Malayalm venture will be the first of our bouquet of regional channels,'' a senior Sangh worker told TOI. The channel will air news and programmes that reflect our ideology and philosophy. \"Our bid is surely to inculcate more awareness about all values we stand for,'' he said. The channel will start operations from Aluva, near here. A majority of shareholders are Keralites working in the Gulf region,'' source said.Sangh hopes to add more channels to its kitty by 2015. But given the plan by other political parties this may be too late as the CPI has already announced its project to simulcast news to all southern states in the respective regional language.With Janam, Sangh hopes to join the league of political parties operating a satellite channel. The IUML's plans are on the anvil even as Jamaat has launched trial telecast of its Darshana.Though Congress leader K Muraleedharan had obtained necessary clearances for his Janapriya channel, the momentum has been lost with his return to the party fold. Two media houses - Mathrubhumi and Kerala Kaumudi - are also in the fray with the former eyeing a November 1 deadline.With Janam adding to the crowd of nearly 20 Malayalam channels, the percentage of viewership each channel can gain for their news and current affairs in a crowded sky remains a moot point.There are 45 lakh homes in Kerala with cable TV connections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14616954", "title": "10 arrested for tele-banking fraud", "text": "HYDERABAD: Punjagutta police on Monday busted a gang specialising in duping tele-banking customers and arrested 10 persons, including a Nigerian and an employee of cellular phone service provider, Airtel.On June 2, Anil Sikka, CEO of a power and telecom infrastructure firm, lodged a complaint with Punjagutta police alleging that Rs 5 lakh had been siphoned off from his bank account with the SBI Dwarakapuri colony branch.Police registered a case and a special team was formed to crack the crime. After studying Anil's bank account details, police discovered that the money had been electronically transferred from his SBI account to one Kushal Chaterjee's account, in ICICI Bank's MVP Colony branch in Visakhapatnam.After tracking Kushal's mobile phone, police zeroed in on the entire gang at Kanakadurga lodge in Panjagutta on Monday morning. Along with Kushal, cops arrested Sunny Uce Uzoma, a Nigerian national residing in Bangalore, Bikas Shaw, A Bhaskar Rao, Bipin Kumar Singh, Dilip Kumar Tanti, Shanker Sahu, Arun Kumar Mishra, Lukman Ali and D Venkateshwar Rao.The gang members have confessed that had been obtaining bank account details of the victims from one Tony based in Nigeria. Using those details, the gang would first prepare a fake identity proof like a driving licence in the victim's name.They would then call up the mobile phone service provider saying that the victim's phone had been lost and request for the SIM card to be blocked.However, when the card is yet to be blocked, the gang-members would approach the service provider with the fake ID proof and obtain a duplicate SIM card.\"Most of these transactions are done late on Saturday evening when the staff at the service provider's office are too busy processing requests to closely check the forms,\" deputy commissioner of police (DCP), West Zone, M Stephen Ravindra said.After obtaining the duplicate SIM card, they would call the bank operator saying that they had forgotten their telephone banking PIN and request them to send a new PIN. Given that the gang would provide the stolen bank details of the victim, the bank readily sends a new PIN to the registered mobile phone using which, the fraudsters immediately transfer cash into their associate's account.\"Tony obtains bank account details of people using various techniques including phishing. His key agent in India is another Nigerian, Sunny operating from Bangalore. Sunny coordinates with other agents spread across India,\" Stephen Ravindra said.Using this method, the gang has duped several customers to the tune of Rs 1.5 crore over the last one year. Police have recovered 22 ATM cards, 3.5 tolas of gold, Rs 1.1 lakh in cash, Sunny Uzoma's passport, nine duplicate SIM cards, two laptops and 15 cellphones from accused.Among the arrested, Venkateshwara Rao is an Airtel employee in Visakhapatnam and police have arrested him under the charge of criminal negligence and abetment of crime. \"Rao gave away a duplicate SIM card without following proper procedure,\" the DCP said.The arrested persons were produced in court and remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14620641", "title": "KMC seals tubewells for arsenic threat, sets up new ones", "text": "KOLKATA: Ringxing, a student from Sikkim, is scared of the water that comes out of the tap in his paying guest accommodation at Lake Gardens. He spends Rs 3,000 a month - almost as much as the rent and a meal-a-day - to buy filtered water. \"I don't want to go deeper into the problem. But I'd be the last person to drink this unsafe water,\" the 22-year-old hotel management student told TOI.Ringxing is not the only one paranoid about water in the Lake Gardens-Golf-Green area. The Kolkata Municipal Corporation insists there is no arsenic contamination here but it is sealing off one tubewell after another because of the very threat. One such sealed tubewell stands in front of the Nava Nalanda School. It was sealed 15 days ago. Another, in front of the Lake Gardens post office, was sunk barely a month ago but has already been sealed.Amit Deb, a resident of Lake Gardens who deals in electrical goods, is surprised that KMC has not sealed a tubewell opposite AK Ghosh Memorial School when two other hand-pumps located in a 500-metre radius have been sealed. \"Students of the school drink water from this tubewell. If an arsenic alert is sounded, the civic authorities should cap this tubewell, too,\" Deb said.Lake Gardens residents have to depend on tubewells because the filtered water supply from Garden Reach is not enough. With the KMC sealing off many tubewells, several neighbourhoods are back in the grip of a severe water crisis.P R Narayanan, a senior resident who runs a consultancy firm, concedes that the drinking water crisis is \"above the arsenic threat\" in Lake Gardens. \"I pay someone to fetch drinking water. But I don't know if the bhari (water-carrier) gets it from a hand-pump or the filtered water taps,\" Narayanan said. The threat of arsenic contamination is indeed worrying, he says.Local councillor Mala Mahalanbis said the civic body had decided to seal some tubewells in Lake Gardens, as advised by experts, because of contamination of groundwater. Dipankar Chakraborty, an arsenic expert and director (research) of Jadavpur University's School of Environmental Studies, said that since a majority of the tubewells in Lake Gardens were sunk only 400 feet deep, the threat of arsenic was quite evident. \"I had advised KMC to seal those tubewells long ago,\" he said.Quite surprisingly, the KMC water supply department is still sinking hand-pumps afresh in Golf Green, where a number of tubewells have been sealed because of arsenic threat. \"The KMC sealed some hand-pumps in Narkelbagan, which is near our locality. But, they sunk a tubewell a fortnight ago in Golf Green because of the water crisis this summer. I don't feel the KMC has done the studies necessary before deciding to set up new tubewells in the area,\" said Pampa Bardhan, a resident of Golf Green.However, Tarak Singh, the mayor-in-council member overseeing groundwater, assured that an extensive survey would be carried out in all areas that are known to be arsenic-prone. \"If we find traces of arsenic, we will take immediate action,\" Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14636452", "title": "BTech, a popular choice", "text": "The admission process at Jamia Millia Islamia is over for the academic session of 2012-13, with the new session beginning in July. The university, this year, received the largest number of applications for its engineering courses, followed by popular courses in mass communication, social sciences, biotechnology, education and Bachelors of business studies (BBS).The university received as many as 30,000 applications for a total of 350 seats to its BTech course at the Faculty of Engineering and Technology, while the course in diploma engineering saw a significant rise in the number of applications to about 11,000 this year as compared to 9,000 last year.According to Mehtab Alam, officiating dean and head of civil engineering, every year a large number of students appear for the BTech entrance exam. It is a sought-after choice among students for several reasons. The faculty here is strong and the environment is disciplined. These days, students are more interested in electronics and computer engineering, with an increased number of girl-students opting for the course.The university has put up the list of candidates who have cleared the BTech entrance test. Also, the department of English has declared the result of candidates short-listed for interview for admission to MA and MPhil for this academic session.To check their results, candidates can log on to http://jmi.ac.inCourtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14645085", "title": "For 25 yrs, our driver has driven safely: Salman", "text": "Salman Khan speaks on the unfortunate accident that lead to the death of an old woman. It involved his brother Sohail's driver.A road accident on Sunday night led to the death of an old woman. The accident involved actor Sohail Khan's driver as he was driving the car. No member of the Khan family was seated in the car. The driver has been taken into custody and he has taken responsibility of the tragic event.Sohail's brother, actor Salman Khan spoke about the issue.In an impromptu quick interview on Monday, Salman clarified, \"It is extremely sad. It was an accident. The old lady must be sleeping on the road. She ended up in the centre of the road which is when she must have been hit by the car. The driver initially thought it was a bag or something he had ran over; he later realized it was a woman. I think her children, family had disowned her which is why she was homeless. People who sleep on the road need to be careful.\"The actor wrote on Twitter, \"Feel sad for the lady. It is really very sad that she was homeless n sleeping on the roads, may god rest her soul in peace. Bache honge, they must have thrown her out of the house, which is why she landed on the road. Unfortunately, an accident happened on the sets of Dabangg also.\"Speaking for his driver the actor added, \"Driver working with dad n mum for the past 25 years, reason was they found him very slow n safe, sad that it had to b him. Unfortunate incident.\"The actor also shot back at those who highlighted the incident. \"Please name all the cars , drivers, car owners and all the unfortunate accidents that have happened in the past 2 days, also their brothers\" tweeted Salman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14624467", "title": "Slain IPS officer's father seeks reinvestigation of case", "text": "INDORE: The father of slain Indian Police Service (IPS) officer Narendra Kumar, Keshav Das has raised a question mark over the investigation by the central bureau of investigation (CBI) and filed a petition seeking a fresh investigation into the case on Monday.Narendra Kumar was killed on March 8, earlier this year, while he tried to prevent a tractor-trolley carrying illegally mined stones in Morena district.In his petition, before the court of special CBI magistrate Shubra Singh, Das alleged that there were several loopholes in the CBI investigation and that the agency did not speak to the family members of Kumar and even did not investigate the call details of BJP leader Rustam Singh and the accused Manoj Gujjar. In the light of these facts a reinvestigation is necessary.The CBI magistrate after hearing the petition scheduled the next hearing of case for July 13. The court has also asked the then TI of Banmore, in the Chambal district of Morena, Madhya Pradesh to appear before the court during the next hearing. Meanwhile, the CBI has sought time for a reply.CBI had filed the charge-sheet in the case in which the agency ruled out the involvement of mining mafia in the killing of IPS officer Narendra Kumar and termed it an accident. CBI in his charge-sheet has held the driver of the tractor-trolley Manoj Gujjar as sole accused in the case. Kumar was killed after he was run over by the stone laden tractor-trolley while he tried to stop it.Lawyer of the accused Manoj Gujjar, advocate Mahendra Morya said that father of the victim had filed an application for the reinvestigation of the case and court has fixed the next date for hearing so the case was not committed on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14623448", "title": "Gujarat Technological University to help small units set up IT infra", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A meeting of the Gujarat Technological University (GTU) innovation council was held on Monday where it was decided that the varsity will send students to the small-scale industries to help them become more information technology (IT) savvy.GTU officials said that university-industry tie up has revealed that there is a big number of small-scale industries that do not have basic communication set up including an e-mail address and a website. Many do not even have computers.\"With an aim to render these industry representatives more IT friendly to compete with the world, we have decided to send students of diploma and degree engineering students. They will upgrade the IT skill levels of these small companies,\" said officials.Students of fifth and sixth semester of diploma engineering and seventh and eighth semester of degree engineering courses will be entrusted with the responsibility of enhancing IT infrastructure and basic skill level of such companies. Students of MCA will be appointed as supervisors to oversee the entire projects and verify its application and usage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14624059", "title": "Main accused in Dargah killings surrenders", "text": "VARANASI: Amjad, the main accused of June 16 brutal killings of four persons of a family at Rahim Shah Dargah in Nai Sadak area, surrendered in the court of chief judicial magistrate on Monday. Amjad reached the court with his lawyers and surrendered. CJM A N Kushwaha ordered to send him to district jail in judicial custody. Iqbal Ahmed Rayin and Ashraf had also surrendered before the court in the same case while two women accused had been arrested after the killing of the head of Rahim Shah Dargah and his family members.Theft: Cash and other valuables worth over Rs one lakh were stolen from the clinic of medical practitioner Ashwini on Lahurabir-Maldahiya road falling under the limits of Chetganj police on Sunday night.Unidentified miscreants cut the iron grills of the rear window of the clinic, located in a shopping complex. Behind the complex, shops of a scrap vendor is located on Pishach Mochan road. The miscreants cut the iron grills from that side. After removing an air-conditioner, they entered the clinic and took away cash and other valuables. The incident came to light on Monday morning when the clinic was opened. The style of cutting the grill hinted at involvement of local miscreants as the gas cutters are easily available in the scrap market.Threat: Alleging that a technician of Deen Dayal Upadhyaya district hospital had issued threat to him, the chief medical superintendent had lodged an FIR against him on Monday. SP city Santosh Kumar Singh confirmed that the CMS had complained. Singh ordered to register a case. The threat had been issued over departmental dispute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14626289", "title": "Submit papers for passport on any weekday", "text": "BANGALORE: Madhu Ramanathan was reluctant to attend the weekend mela at Koramangala Regional Passport Office (RPO), after hearing of the unending queues. She visited the RPO on Monday and submitted her application. \"I didn't have to wait for long. Had I come on Sunday, I would probably have spent my entire day there,\" said Madhu , a homemaker.In a first, Koramangala RPO began a monthlong drive to receive passport applications daily, an initiative in addition to the weekend passport mela organized by the ministry of external affairs.On Monday, RPO received 2,000-odd applications on first-come-first-served basis. \"We will review the situation at the end of July and based on the outcome will decide whether to continue with this initiative,\" said KJ Srinivasa, regional passport officer, Bangalore.Officials at Koramangal RPO were a much relaxed lot on Monday as the number of footfalls was much lesser compared to the weekend rush at various RPOs on Sunday.\"It's a great initiative. This way backlogs will get cleared soon and more people will be able to have the vital document,\" said Munna Pramanik, a businessman, who missed the passport mela but made it early on Monday to submit his application. '' Thanks to this initiative, it's relatively easier to apply for fresh passport in Bangalore than anywhere else in the country now,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14633611", "title": "Three new IIITs under PPP mode", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government has cleared a proposal to set up three new Indian Institute of Information Technologies (IIITs) under the PPP mode.These IIITs will come up in Assam , Tripura and Rajasthan which had sent proposals to the HRD ministry under the Public-Private Partnership (PPP) scheme.The capital cost of each IIIT would be about Rs 128 crore contributed in the ratio of 50:35:15 by the Centre, the state Government and the industry, respectively.For the North East, the industry participation for capital expenditure will be 7.5 per cent, while the Central Government participation will be 57.50 per cent and state government's at 35 per cent.According to the HRD ministry, sanction of IIIT for another three states would be given shortly. A statement by the ministry said 11 state governments have identified land and are also in the process of identifying the industry partners.At present, there are four IIITs in the country and the government proposes to add 20 more on not-for-profit PPP mode to address the challenges faced by the Indian IT industry and meet the growth objective. These institutions are conceived as self-sustaining, research-led institutions.Each IIIT will meet its operating expenditure on its own within 5 years of commencement out of students' fees, research and other internal accruals.The scheme also provides for faculty development programme for which Rs 50 crores has been earmarked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14634043", "title": "After Best Exotic... Tena bags first B\u2019wood lead", "text": "Tena Desae's Bollywood debut, Yeh Faasley, died without a whimper. But after bagging a role in the 2012 British comedy drama The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel opposite Dev Patel , the model became the media's sweetheart.But unlike her predecessor Freida Pinto , who interestingly was first noticed in a Hollywood venture opposite the same actor (now her boyfriend), Tena has decided to stick to the Hindi cinema industry. Her next will be Table No 21 opposite Rajeev Khandelwal - a project that went on floors on June 26.When contacted, Tena confirmed the news and added, \"Working with Rajeev is going to be interesting. I am really looking forward to it. The film also stars Paresh Rawal and I am very excited to work with such a senior artiste.\"Tena, who has already worked with stalwarts of British cinema - Dame Judi Dench , Tom Wilkinson and Maggie Smith , is now excited to work with Bollywood stars. \"She is very excited to be working with Rajeev. She loved his work in Aamir,\" said a friend of the actress.Table No 21 is directed by Aditya Dutt and produced by Eros International and Nextgen Films.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14624139", "title": "3 kids, youth drown in percolation pit", "text": "Mangalore: Three kids and a youth drowned in an open rainwater percolation pit dug up by Hattiyangady gram panchayat of Kundapur taluk in Udupi district on Sunday. The deceased are Nayana, 20, Naveen,13, Pavan,11 and Pavithra, 16.Pavithra is the daughter of Manjunath, a member of Namma Bhoomi organization and the other three are his elder sister's children.The victims went to play near the pit that was filled with water following heavy rain in the past three days.When they did not return late in the evening, a search was carried out by the villagers who found their footwear near the pit. The villagers found the body of Nayana first and later the fire department personnel recovered the bodies of the other three from the water pit.Villagers suspect that one of them might have accidentally fallen into the pit and the rest jumped to rescue the former. They all drowned in the attempt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14623456", "title": "More women take leap into entrepreneurship", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A woman standing behind the counter of a sweetshop is unheard of in Haryana - the land of Jats. But this has not deterred Naina Kansal of Panipat who dreams of taking over her father's sweetshop to the next level as an entrepreneur. A blue belt in karate, Kansal, who plans to train women in the martial arts back home, is among a growing breed of women from across India who want to use their new-found freedom to start new ventures.Many of them are hoping to realize their dreams in Gujarat - the unofficial entrepreneurship capital of the country. This has also led to more women joining the Entrepreneurship Development Institute of India (EDI) to hone their skills.This year women's presence in the postgraduate diploma in management - business entrepreneurship (PGDM-BE) course has been considerable. Almost one fourth of this year's intake is made up of female go-getters. Coming from different states and diverse backgrounds, they are determined to be their own boss.\"Entrepreneurship is the answer to the frequent recessions. Women now want to be adventurous and are ready to face challenges. Unlike previous years, they now want to venture into manufacturing,\" says Sunil Shukla, chairperson and chief faculty, PGDM-BE.Yet another example of the phenomenon is Ritu Kedia, a chemical engineer from Pune University. Her father is into aluminium sheet and utensil manufacturing, but she is clear about what her own set-up would be - a chemical manufacturing unit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14625083", "title": "Goa's Western Ghats miss scaling UNESCO heights", "text": "PANAJI: Goa's lackadaisical attitude in conserving the Western Ghats could have just cost the area dearly. When 39 sites in the Western Ghats made it to the UNESCO world heritage list on Sunday, the Goa stretch was not one of them.The authorities are now waking up to the issue and there is some hope as forest department is working on a proposal to make up for the omission. \"The department is working on it, but it will need the state government's concurrence,\" a source said.\"The state has time till January 2013 as UNESCO had extended the deadline for it to present its case,\" Kids for tiger programme in Goa coordinator Tallulah D'Silva said.A global campaign had also been launched by UK-based Save Goa campaign chairperson Carmen Miranda and others abroad to seek support of Goans for the state's inclusion through an online petition.The world heritage site tag for the Western Ghats didn't come suddenly. Recognized as one of the world's eight \"hottest hotspots\" of biological diversity, four states-Kerala, Karnataka, Tamil Nadu and Maharashtra-had cited 39 serial sites in the Western Ghats in the nomination dossier to UNESCO for inscription as heritage sites. The Goa government had been noncommittal about the issue.From P1Allaying fears that a world heritage site tag will affect residents of the region, additional principal chief conservator of forests Richard D'Souza said, \"Goa doesn't lose anything by its inclusion (Goa stretch of Western Ghats) as a world heritage site.\"Contrary to doubts being raised in some quarters, the UNESCO inscription can boost tourism and research-oriented activities. \"Stakeholders rights will not be curbed, and they can continue to enjoy them, but researchers will flock to the region,\" D'Souza said.The region boasts of the highest levels of endemicity for any continental tropical area, the international union for conservation of nature (IUCN) evaluation report stated. \"There are many species lesser known insects, amphibians and caecilians, yet to be discovered in Western Ghats,\" D'Souza said.The Western Ghats boast of a large number of globally threatened species, according to a valuation paper in the nomination dossier. \"It has been estimated, for example, that at least 41% of the freshwater fish species are globally threatened,\" A IUCN technical evaluation document stated quoting research on the subject.Further, the full biodiversity values of the Western Ghats are not yet known with additional large numbers of species still being discovered. \"A recent study suggests that further research will increase the number of known freshwater fish species from 288 to 345 for example,\" the report stated.\"This will boost a different kind of tourism revolving around natural history and various other possibilities, including medicinal plants. Protection of endangered species is also very important,\" NGO Echo president Gurudas Kamat said.Researchers will have ample scope to study the high level of endemism in the region, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14625799", "title": "Morning walkers may shed clothes to protest levying of fees", "text": "INDORE: The morning walkers' protest continued for the second day against IMC charging the registration fee at Regional Park. Around 100 persons gathered in front of the Regional Park and protested against the imposition of registration fee of Rs 150.\"Our protest will continue till the IMC cancels registration fee for the morning walkers.\" said Sanjay Arora, adding, \"we have decided to protest half naked in front of the Muktidham.\"The police and the park officials had to stop the protestors when they forcefully tried to enter the park. The morning walkers then chose to continue their protest in front of Muktidham.\"We will be requesting for judicial intervention in this matter. We will submit another memorandum today to MP Sumitra Mahajan pleading for her intervention in the issue and get us rid with the imposition of the registration fee. IMC had made it mandatory for the morning walkers to pay the registration fee for entry into the park effective from July 1.Indore municipal corporation (IMC) on June 30 had decided to bring down the registration fee for morning walkers at the Regional Park from the proposed Rs 500 to Rs 150 per month. The decision was taken at the MiC meeting of the civic body recently held. The meeting was held after the protest by morning walkers who objected to Rs 500 per month proposed by the IMC for morning walk at the park. Since then the IMC has been facing protest from several morning walkers outside the park gate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14623173", "title": "Meet fails to resolve Puri temple row", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The stalemate between the Odisha government and servitors of the Jagannath temple in Puri over the issue of restricting entry of devotees into the 12th century shrine's sanctum sanctorum could not be resolved on Monday with both sides refusing to budge from their stands.\"We discussed about how temple affairs could be conducted in a smooth manner and devotees do not face any problems,\" law minister Bikram Arukh said following a meeting between state government functionaries and representative of certain servitor groups.\"We have apprised the chief minister of the whole matter and expect a decision soon,\" Arukh told TOI.Sources said the government team favoured restrictions on entry of devotees into the garbhagruha (sanctum sanctorum), holding temple rituals on time, stopping of all kinds of harassment faced by devotees, availability of bhog (mahaprasad) on schedule and ensuring the security of devotees and the temple in view of the reported threat from terrorist outfits.The servitors, sources added, insisted on allowing free access to devotees so that they could have close darshan of the deities.The controversy arose in March after the Jagannath temple administration, headed by an IAS officer, limited entry of devotees into the garbhagruha on the ground that it would ensure smooth conduct of rituals.The new system, recommended by the Justice P K Mohanty Commission that probed into the November, 2006, stampede inside the Jagannath temple, allows visitors to go close to the deities for two hours, starting around 8:30 am, everyday. Earlier, devotees could go close to the deities eight times a day for different periods.The temple priests have been up-in-arms against the change, pressing for restoration of the old system. Apart from a period (sahana mela) when all devotees are allowed to go close to the deities for darshan, the administration also has a ticketing system (parimanik) to allow visitors to near the deities.The temple administration has recently also hiked the ticket price for the purpose from Rs five to Rs 25, much to the chagrin of the priests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "14621193", "title": "Houseboat strikes mar tourism prospects of Kumarakom", "text": "KOTTAYAM: The frequent strikes by houseboat operators and workers not only put the houseboat industry in Kumarakom in turmoil, but also left a deep scar on the image of the popular tourist destination.It was sheer uncertainty that prevailed in the last three weeks here by the unexpected strike called by the workers who demanded hike in salary. The houseboat owners too suspended the services later disagreeing with the employees' demands. This had put both domestic and foreign tourists, who had made advance bookings, in trouble.On Monday, hours after beginning the strike, a section of houseboat workers temporarily withdrew from it following the intervention of local police.\"Government did not handle the situation properly. They are responsible for tarnishing the image of Kumarakom,\" said Sreekumar, a tour operator based in Kumarakom. \"When my guests insist on houseboats I am forced to book houseboats in Alappuzha. It is the houseboat owners and the workers in Kumarakom who will suffer in the long run if bookings are directed to Alappuzha,\" he said.\"As tour operators, we only try to increase bookings and it will benefit Aleppey while Kumarakom will be at a loss,\" he said.Another tour operator Binu said that the resorts here too will suffer due to the strike if the tourists are forced to remain confined to their rooms owing to strikes and it will in turn affect the whole tourism industry here.Meanwhile, All Kerala Houseboat Owners Association (AKHOA) member R R Joshiraj said that there were no such issues in Alappuzha houseboat industry.\"Now, here is no problem between the houseboat employees and owners. If the houseboat employees in Kumarakom continue their strike, we expect more foreigners to Alappuzha for houseboat cruising,\" he said.All Kerala Houseboats and Resorts Workers Union (CITU) leader C K Sadasivan MLA said, \"If employees and owners conduct such strikes again, it will destroy the industry. So we will abstain from such strikes,\" he said.Tourists, especially foreign tourists who stay in resorts here now depend on 'Kerala model Kashmir Shikaras'. Kunjumon who owns such a boat said that the demand for these boats is high at present. \"But these boats can be used only for canal cruise and not in the backwaters,\" he said.On Monday, a section of the houseboat workers began strike in the morning and tried to stop the boats which were in service. Following this, the owners sought police protection, said Pushkaran, president of the owners' association. Police briefed the striking workers that they were violating the agreement reached upon in the discussion with the tourism minister earlier.Kumarakom SI M J Arun held talks with the workers following which they temporarily withdrew from the strike. \"The workers said that they would discuss the issue with district CITU leaders and decide on the future course of action,\" he said. Meanwhile, Pushkaran said that the whole issue was the result of immaturity of the leadership of the workers.\"We have informed about the situation to the CITU senior leaders,\" he said.According to the new two-year-agreement, the boat workers will get Rs 6,750 per month and a monthly allowance of Rs 170. But the workers on strike in Kumarakom wanted to reduce this contract period to one year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14626667", "title": "Tension runs high as Cotton College admissions near", "text": "GUWAHATI: With just a few days left for the TDC admissions to begin at Cotton College, anticipation mingled with tension runs high among students who have applied to the prestigious educational institution and want to pursue their high studies here. Till now, the college has sold more than 5,000 forms.Admissions for the science stream at the TDC level are set to begin from July 9 and will continue on July 10, and for the arts stream, admissions will be held on July 11 and 12. The provisional lists for both arts and science streams are set to be released on the day before the commencement of the admissions procedures.Cotton, which holds the tag of being the premiere institution of the state as well as the region, conducts its admission procedure when the other colleges in the city are finished with their admissions. This year onwards, the college will use a new method to select students from different educational boards to eliminate disparity due to the marking system by rationalizing the marks so that deserving students get a fair chance.\"I have come to know that the Cotton College authorities will be using a new method to select students. It is very tough to get admission at the college. I have scored 75 per cent marks and am pinning my hopes on taking English as a major subject. But with so many students with better marks, I feel my chances might be slim,\" said a student.The new method seeks to provide students from different education boards with an equal opportunity. It has been observed over the years that CBSE students tend to score higher marks than students from the state education council because of the conservative marking system followed by the latter.Therefore, in order to provide an equal footing and opportunity to all students, Cotton College authorities will be employing the Index Ratio Method to select students this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "ambala", "code": "14636213", "title": "Technical problems hold up Delhi-Lahore bus", "text": "AMBALA: The Delhi-Lahore bus with 26 passengers on board on Tuesday developed some technical problems and was taken to a workshop here.The bus, which was on way to Lahore in Pakistan from New Delhi, has been taken to the Haryana Roadways workshop in Ambala City where it was being attended to, officials said.A strong posse of policemen has been deployed around the bus of the Pakistan Tourism Development Corporation and the workshop.No passenger has been allowed to disembark, they said. The Delhi-Lahore bus, also known as Sada-e-Sarhad, was officially launched on March 16, 1999.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14623623", "title": "Indian diners like their global cuisine with desi twist", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Indians, who traditionally always ate at home are now increasingly dining out, but with a strong preference for Indian flavours. This has emerged from a study on quick serving restaurants (QSR) by the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIMA).Many have shed the biases often held by older and more traditional consumers regarding the quality of international franchises and foreign foods in general. However, Indians still prefer Indian cooking styles with a focus on regional food, even while eating out.\"Interest in international dishes is on the rise but most Indian consumers continue to prefer Indian-style dishes. The more popular international cuisines are Chinese, Mexican, Thai, and Middle Eastern. In a large number of cases, international dishes are prepared with Indian spices to suit to the local palate,\" says the study 'Indian QSR Industry - Opportunities and Strategies to Harness Them', by IIMA professor Piyush Kumar Sinha.The study says that India's restaurant businesses fail to flourish as a lot of these enterprises are created more out of the glamour.\"Many enter this industry to give their children or spouse employment. If it succeeds, the children are 'settled'; if not they will find some other employment,\" says the study.A large number of these outlets are started by chefs or those with a hotel management background. While they have the culinary expertise, they are not entrepreneurs by nature. \"The focus on food and culinary expertise is more and limited on business essentials, hence when faced with difficult times, they tend to go under. The other group consists of people from the real estate fraternity,\" the study says, explaining that since revenues cannot be increased easily, efforts are towards cutting costs, leading to closure after a long suffering period.On eating habits of Indians in restaurants, the study says that over 25% of households in large cities ordered in more than five times a month.The study also says that there is an almost complete absence of national chains, except of two cafes, three - four international chains and a few regional chains.The organized segment of the restaurant industry, at approximately Rs 7,000 crores to Rs 8,500 crores, forms 16%-20% of the total industry. The size of the industry is expected to be Rs 62,500 crores by 2015.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14636491", "title": "Kochadaiyaan On Rajini Birthday", "text": "Rajinikanth's Kochadaiyaan will be seeing the light of day on an unique day. Well, the magnum opus, which was earlier announced to be releasing for Diwali, is likely to release on 12.12.12, which also coincides with the superstar's birthday (December 12).The latest buzz in the industry suggests that the makers of the film have zeroed in on the special day, which is the last of its kind in this century. They have also planned to release the audio release in Tokyo , the capital of Japan, where the superstar has a huge fan following.The interesting part of the story is that the makers of the film have sealed a special deal with a mobile manufacturing company. The outcome of the deal is that over five lakh mobiles will have an embedded behind-the-scene clippings and the film's trailer. On the back of the phones, Rajinikanth's autograph can also been seen, confirms a source.Kochadaiyaan starring Rajinikanth and Deepika Padukone is directed by Soundarya Rajinikanth . The 3D film has been shot using Motion Capture Technology. Rajini plays an eighth century Pandya king who is known for his legendary valour.Source: haihoi.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14620668", "title": "Kolkata suffers in toxic tussle", "text": "KOLKATA: The city is sitting on an arsenic 'volcano'. An expert has been warning about it through 23 years of research and 200,000 lab tests. But the Kolkata Municipal Corporation refuses to believe him and even calls him a scare-monger.Scientist Dipankar Chakrabarti, director (research) of Jadavpur University's School of Environmental Studies (SOES), has dedicated nearly all his professional life in an obsessive, almost maniacal crusade for arsenic-free drinking water because the threat is \"very very real\". But successive KMC boards, since 1988, have ignored his warning.Chakrabarti, like the rest of the state, doesn't have a clue to why the civic authorities refuse to acknowledge or even respond to his findings. No reason is ever given, except for a stubborn denial that transcends political boundaries.\"Over the last 15 years, I have sent around 100 letters and reports to the civic authorities. They have been received but no one ever responded to them. While my findings have been rubbished, they have never bothered to explain on what grounds they are rejecting them. I have not given up, and I will continue to keep both KMC and the public health engineering department informed about my findings,\" Chakrabarti told TOI.He has conducted over 50,000 arsenic tests in Kolkata. Several agencies, including the state-owned State Water Investigation Directorate (SWID) have corroborated his findings but KMC continues to insist that Kolkatans are not being poisoned by the water they drink.KMC even questions Chakrabarti's credentials. \"He has no authority to conduct the tests. Chakrabarti does not even have the SOES director's sanction to conduct them,\" said Tarak Singh, MMiC (groundwater).Chakrabarti is amused by this argument. \"As research director of SOES, I don't need permission to conduct tests nor do I need a clearance from the director,\" he said. SOES director Joydeep Mukherjee said he can neither approve nor reject Chakrabarti's findings. \"He works independently and doesn't inform me about his work. Since I am not an arsenic expert, I won't be able to comment on the merit of his research,\" Mukherjee said.But experts like state arsenic task force chairman KJ Nath back Chakrabarti all the way. \"He is very competent in the field of his research. There is no question of doubting his findings. He has a good laboratory, efficient technicians and arsenic detection is a routine scientific job that someone like him cannot goof-up,\" said Nath. He added that though Chakrabarti is \"very dramatic\" at times, it can't be denied that he has been instrumental in highlighting the arsenic threat in the sub-continent.Scientist AK Ghosh described Chakrabarti as 'a world renowned researcher' whose work has been mentioned in Time magazine. \"He must be given the credit for making governments aware of the extent and impact of the arsenic problem,\" he said.Chakrabarti points out that a SWID study in 2010 had found arsenic in Ward No. 96 of Jadavpur which had recorded a count of 96 micrograms. He followed it up with several tests in multi-storey buildings in the Jadavpur area and came up with an average arsenic count of 50-60 micrograms per litre. A multi-storey in Bikramgarh even recorded 199 micrograms. The maximum permissible limit is 10 micrograms per litre.The looming threat was revealed in a seminar conducted by SOES two years ago with representatives of the public health engineering department, the arsenic task force and Unicef. \"All the agencies acknowledged that we were sitting on a volcano. But they didn't initiate any step to check arsenic, or even acknowledge later that the problem exists,\" rued Chakrabarti.The crusader was very upset when KMC decided to set up tube-wells in arsenic-affected Jadavpur in May this year. He tested water samples collected from six tubewells - each of them had an arsenic count far above the permissible limit. The lowest count detected was 30 micrograms and the highest was an alarming 190. Though he made the findings public, Chakrabarti did not send them to the KMC. \"I have routinely sent them all my findings through the years with no result. So, this time I released them to the press instead of sending it to the KMC. They are well aware of it, but have still chosen to go ahead with new tube-wells in Jadavpur,\" he saidChakrabarti says he has repeatedly apprised mayor Sovan Chatterjee of the threat. The last letter he wrote to him was on August 5, 2011, requesting a detailed survey of the affected buildings in Jadavpur and Prince Anwar Shah Road and the necessary action. \"I sent him pictures of the affected buildings and even mentioned that we have found arsenic in the urine samples of residents. Soon after this, the mayor acknowledged the existence of arsenic in the southern fringes of the city. It raised hopes about action but KMC fell silent yet again. It remains a mystery why they keep trying to brush the arsenic issue under the carpet,\" said the researcher.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "14621871", "title": "Tanur fishing harbour awaits Central nod", "text": "MALAPPURAM: The work of the proposed fishing harbour in Tanur will get underway once it gets the approval from the ministry of environment, said port and fisheries minister K Babu.The minister said he had already conducted discussions with the officials of environment ministry and the government has completed all the procedures and forwarded the detailed report to the Central government for the approval.\"The administrative sanction from the state government will be given to the project after it the approval of environmental ministry is given,\" said the minister. He was speaking at the inauguration of Paravanna fish landing centre, here on Monday.The minister also inaugurated the renovated Government Fisheries School and laid the foundation stone for fisheries hospital at Tanur.\"Many procedures have to be completed before starting the construction work of the harbour. State government has already completed majority of it and we are waiting for the centre's nod,\" said Tanur MLA, Abdu Rahman Randathani.The total estimated cost of project is Rs 45.14 crore. Once completed, the harbour will have the facilities to anchor 160 fishing boats and 50 passenger boats at a time. Other facilities like work shed and auction halls are also attached with the project. Around Rs 52.21 crore annual revenue is expected from the harbour. The fishing community has been pressing for the harbour for the last three decades. More than 1,500 fishing boats and 200 boats with outboard engines are centered at Tanur. As there is no harbour in the neighborhood these vessels currently depend upon Ponnani or Beypore fishing harbours.A special delegation from the central fisheries department, comprising the director of Centre Institute of Coastal Engineering for Fishery, Bengaluru ( CICEF), C T Betgeri, the deputy director of the centre N Ravishanker, and the assistant director G Ganeshan prepared the feasibility study for the state government.Times News Network, Malappuram Port and Fisheries Minister K Babu said on Tuesday that the state government is waiting for the approval of Ministry of Environment, to start the work of the proposed Tanur Fishing harbour.While attending a function at Tanur, Minister said, he has already conducted discussions with the officials of Environment Ministry and the procedures to grant final approval yet to be completed.The state government has completed all the procedures and forwarded the detailed report on project to central government for the approval of ministry, he said. The administrative sanction from the state government will be given to the project soon after the approval of environmental ministry, Minister said.There are many procedures have to be completed before starting the construction work of the harbor. State government has already completed majority of it and we are waiting for the centre's nod', said Tanur MLA, Abdu Rahman Randathani.The total estimated cost of project is Rs 45.14 crores. Once completed, the harbour will have the facilities to anchor 160 fishing boats and 50 passenger boats at a time. Other facilities like work shed, auction halls etc are also attached with the project. Rs 52.21 crores revenue per year is estimated from the harbor.It was a special delegation from the Central fisheries department, comprising the director of Centre Institute of Coastal Engineering for Fishery, Banglore(CICEF) , C T Betgeri, the deputy director of the centre N Ravishanker , and the Assistant Director G Ganeshan, prepared detailed feasibility study for the state government.Tanur , one of the major fishing centres of Malabar , has long been demanding the establishment of a fishing harbour. More than 1500 fishing boats and more than 200 boats with outboard engines are centred at Tanur. As there is no harbour in the neighborhood these vessels currently depend upon Ponnani or Beypore fishing harboursFisheries minister inaugurated Paravanna fish landing centre, renovated Government Fisheries School and also laid the foundation stone for Fisheries hospital at Tanur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14621127", "title": "Cops take students\u2019 help to spot drug users on campus", "text": "CHENNAI: The Narcotics Intelligence Bureau (NIB) is increasingly worried about the spread of the drug culture among the student community in the state. It has started taking the help of students themselves in forming 'drug busters' in educational institutions in an effort to curb the growth of the dangerous trend.Work on the 'drug busters' module \"was formally inaugurated by state home secretary R Rajagopal at an awareness rally organized by the NIB-CID in Chennai on June 26,\" additional director general of police (special investigation team) Prateep V Phillip said.The arrest in Chennai a few days ago of constable A Ramesh Kumar of the Korukkupet police for supplying cocaine to peddlers Vinod Mohan and Jothi Kumar was the trigger for speeding up the process of spreading the 'drug busters' module, police said. About 800 gm of cocaine worth 30 lakh was seized in the Chennai incident, police said.\"Every inspector and deputy superintendent of police attached to our unit will coordinate with the educational institutions in the districts concerned. We will enroll 10-15 students from each college and school. They will act as informers and pass on information to the NIB-CID sleuths about drug-related activities and other suspicious activities in their institution,\" ADGP Phillip said.The NIB-CID, he said, would keep the identity of the students enrolled in the project a secret. \"The idea is to crack the network through the end-user. We will get inputs about the drug peddlers and the students using drugs on the college campus,\" Phillip said.Those students who want their identity not to be revealed can also reach the police team on mobile phone number 87544 65811. \"We will make surprise checks and conduct raids at the places after confirming the information given. The students and public can send us e-mails on drug use to adgpcrime@ymail.com or adspnib@gmail.com. We will not neglect any information forwarded to us,\" the senior officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14620647", "title": "Political compulsion behind KMC stand on arsenic: Scientists", "text": "KOLKATA: The city's scientific community is livid about the manner in which Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) has brushed off warnings on arsenic poisoning of groundwater and continues to sink tubewells in the contaminated areas.Despite warnings by Jadavpur University's School of Environmental Studies, the civic body has decided to install more tubewells in arsenic-affected Jadavpur because it cannot supply enough piped water to homes. KJ Nath, chairman of the state government's Arsenic Task Force, feels the controversy over the contrasting claims by JU's Dipankar Chakraborty and KMC could easily be resolved if the civic body conducted a blanket study of all tubewells in the conflict zone.\"The civic authority is responsible for providing safe drinking water to the citizens of Kolkata. Hence, the onus of examining all tubewells lies with KMC. What baffles me is why KMC refuses to test the tubewells checked by Chakraborty. There are plenty of laboratories in the city that can do the test for less than Rs 100. It is cheaper than a blood and urine test,\" he said, adding that each tubewell in use should be certified 'arsenic-free' by the civic body.Though it is quite possible that the tubewells that KMC tested were free of arsenic while those tested by Chakraborty had high levels of contamination, Nath has no doubt that the belt has arsenic seepage in groundwater.\"When North and South 24-Parganas are among the arsenic-affected districts, Kolkata cannot escape since it is contiguous to these districts. The city does not figure on our list simply because the mandate of the task force was for rural areas serviced by the public health engineering department. We have always maintained that if KMC seeks our advice or help in testing the water, we are ready to help. But they have not done so. As chairman of the task force, I advice all house-owners, particularly the new ones being built along the southern fringes, to get the water tested,\" said Nath. The task force has tested 1.45 lakh public water sources in 79 blocks at 120 labs in rural Bengal.Lashing out at KMC for ignoring years of scientific research that detected arsenic in tubewells in the Garia-Jadavpur-Lake Gardens belt, Society for Environment &amp; Development director AK Ghosh said the move to install more tubewells in Jadavpur was a \"deliberate act of negligence\" that knowingly exposed citizens to arsenic poisoning.\"KMC is required to provide 'safe' drinking water. It can easily do so by getting the water treated. There are at least eight technologies available and some models are already in use in places like Chakdah, charging households Rs 1 for 100 litres,\" Ghosh said. Political compulsion, and not scientific truth, is leading the decision-making on the issue, Ghosh says. \"Unless there is seriousness of purpose, recommendation will go one way and implementation the other,\" he said.Geologist PK Sikdar, associate professor in environmental management at Indian Institute of Social Welfare &amp; Business Management (IISWBM), rued the manner in which the decision-makers treated seminars and discussions on arsenic. \"Politicians and bureaucrats inaugurate seminars and then leave as their schedules are busy. During the discussion, only those who know the subject are left to discuss it amongst themselves. After a while, scientists get frustrated, stop pursuing change and carry on with their own research,\" said Sikdar.On whether installation of deep tubewells would ensure arsenic free water in Jadavpur locality, the scientists said it would not work as arsenic would seep through in a couple of years. Explaining the peculiar geomorphology of Adi Ganga channel along the southern fringe that contains fine sand and not clay till as low as 600 ft below the surface, he said sand allowed arsenic to easily seep down. Changes in the hydrological pressure has freed up the arsenite present in the natural rock stratum in the Indo-Gangetic plain. The arsenic then dripped into the lower aquifer level. With farmers in Bengal and Bangladesh practicing boro rice cultivation that uses irrigated water, a large number of tubewells were sunk, leading to the spread of arsenic into lower aquifers, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14626198", "title": "16-year-old ends life", "text": "NAGPUR: A 16-year-old girl hanged herself to death on Monday afternoon after failing to clear her tenth standard examination. Police said the deceased Sneha Lambat had failed in two subjects and took the extreme step at her Quetta Colony residence under Lakadganj Police Station jurisdiction.Sneha's mother, a domestic help, father and brother were out for work. Around 2pm, when her mother returned she found Sneha hanging to the ceiling hook. Police said no suicide note was found. Sneha's parents told that she was depressed after the result. Lakadganj Police have registered a case of accidental death.Two middle aged men, posing as policemen, robbed a senior citizen of her gold ornaments worth Rs67,000 on Monday morning. The incident took place at a short distance from the victim's house.In her complaint lodged at Tehsil Police Station, Shobha Kewate, 67, a resident of Itwari, said that she had gone to buy some medicines from a nearby shop. While returning home, two men stopped her and introduced themselves as police personnel. They told her that some goons have murdered a woman for her valuables and are on a looting spree. They then asked her to remove her gold ornaments for safety.Kewate immediately wrapped the valuables in a cloth and asked one of them to hold it for a few minutes till she opens her purse. In no time, the tricksters replaced the valuables. The victim noticed the fraud after she returned home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "surat ", "code": "14637652", "title": "Surat: Fake vehicle challan scam in RTO touches Rs 2 crore mark", "text": "SURAT : The amount in the fake vehicle challan scam in the Regional Transport Office (RTO) has touched the Rs 2 crore mark with the investigating authorities finding more than 7000 fake challans submitted by the registered auto consultant, Manoj Jain.The Regional Transport Office (RTO) stopped the registration of new vehicles after the involvement of an auto consultant and some vehicle dealers in the vehicle registration scam had come to the fore.Official sources said that the owner of Jain Auto, Manoj Jain and few dealers in the city are involved in the vehicle registration scam. It is a practice in transport offices in the state that the vehicle tax amount is paid directly by the agents and dealers in the bank and that the tax challan copies issued by the banks have to be deposited in the RTO for the further process of vehicle registration.About 7069 fake challans were recovered during the investigation going on at the State Bank of India's (SBI) branch in Pal branch for the last one week. It was found that the accused, Manoj Jain was running the scam from the last one year.Jain was hand-in-glove with the bank officers, dealers and few of the employees in the transport office.A team of senior officers from Ahmedabad and Vadodara transport offices are camping in Surat to investigate the exact amount of cheating and loss to the government exchequer in the vehicle registration scam.A senior officer asking anonymity said: \"A majority of the fake challans have been recovered from the SBI's Pal branch. However, this points out the involvement of the bank officials with the auto consultant in the fake challan scam.\"\"The auto agencies and dealers involved in the scam may face stringent action from the RTO. It is a serious case of cheating and that we may cancel the trade certificate of the dealers found guilty,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "katihar", "code": "14622526", "title": "Polytechnic aspirants resort to vandalism at Katihar junction", "text": "KATIHAR: Polytechnic aspirants fought a pitched battle with the GRP and RPF jawans and pelted stones after many of them were not allowed to forcibly occupy the AC bogies of 4083 Mahananda Express at Katihar railway junction around 7 pm on Sunday.The GRP officer-in-charge (OC) Ramchandra Paswan and others were also injured in the melee and the New Delhi-bound 4083 Mahananda Express was detained for several hours at platform no 7 at the railway junction, GRP sources said. The students from different parts of Bihar had assembled at Katihar to appear at the entrance examination for polytechnic courses in Katihar on Sunday. On their return journey, a number of polytechnic aspirants forcibly occupied the already reserved berths in the AC bogies in the Mahananda Express, sources said. A big ruckus was created when the GRP personnel, on the complaint of bonafide passengers, intervened and asked the polytechnic examinees to vacate the berths. A row was created when the recalcitrant examinees refused to budge. The examinees held up the train practically taking the engine driver hostage, sources said.The irate examinees resorted to vandalism and pelted stones heavily when the GRP and RPF personnel made attempts to clear the platform no 7 so that the train could move forward.Katihar divisional railway manager (DRM) Arun Kumar Sharma on Monday said that the Delhi-bound 4083 Mahananda Express was detained by the angry examinees for over four hours and some GRP/RPF jawans were also injured in the stone throwing incident. Katihar SP (Railways) Sukan Paswan said that necessary legal action was being taken. He, however, said no one was arrested in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "14626052", "title": "Paper mill releasing toxic effluents in river: MLC Shobhatai Fadanvis", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: MLC Shobhatai Fadanvis on Monday has charged Ballarpur Industries Ltd (BILT), a paper mill, of polluting the Wardha river with toxic effluents and constructing a radial well in the river without authorization. She also alleged the BILT administration of ignoring development of Ballarpur town through its CSR funds.Interacting with reporters, Fadanvis charged the company management with manipulating the discharge during the inspection visit of environment minister and MPCB officials. She claimed that state environment minister Sanjay Deotale, MLA Subhash Dhote, former MLC Jainuddin Zaveri, member secretary of Maharashtra Pollution Control Board Milind Mhaiskar and she herself visited the plant to check the pollution caused by discharge of effluents into the river on June 29. The inspection was carried out following question raised by her in the state legislative council.\"Surprisingly, the sample taken from the effluent discharge turned out to be non-contaminated. At the same time, I sent a sample collected by me only couple of days back for testing. It turned out to highly contaminated. It proves that the company management had deliberately released non-contaminated effulents on the inspection day,\" she alleged. Fadanvis also charged that the sludge from the old sludge dumps of the company is being washed away with the rainwater into the river contaminating the water. The company has been directed to dump its sludge five km away from the Ballarpur town. The paper mill is also responsible for the persistent foul smell in the town, she alleged.Fadanvis claimed that company had built a radial well in Wardha river during the British rule. BILT management built another radial well in 1997 in the same river without authorization. \"A large quantity of water is being lifted by the company had led to severe water crisis in Ballarpur during the last summer,\" she charged. She further claimed that company deposits mere Rs 10 lakh against the 22.20 million cubic meter water lifted every year. A case is subjudice between BILT and water resources department since many years over water charges being paid by company, she said.Fadanvis charged that the company has 8,000 workers only 400 of them are permanent. She demanded regularization of all temporary workers. She also demanded concrete development of Ballarpur town on behalf of company management. She alleged that company takes up small programmes through some private institutes instead of building concrete roads, drinking water facility, community halls, gardens etc, as its corporate social responsibility, she alleged.MPCB forfeits BILT's bank guaranteeMPCB has issued orders for forfeiting the bank guarantee of Rs 25 lakh of Ballarpur Industries Ltd. against non-compliance of directives related to pollution control. MPCB sources claimed that the BILT management was asked to cover their lime sludge dump with a compound wall, which has not been completed in the stipulated period. Similarly, construction of seepage collection drain too has not been completed, sources claimed. MPCB headquarters has approved the decision of forfeiting Rs 25 lakh bank guarantee, which is the biggest sum forfeited from any company in district so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "nagarjunasagar", "code": "14617193", "title": "Silt leaves Nagarjunasagar gasping", "text": "NAGARJUNASAGAR: The world's biggest masonry dam, which used to brim with water through the years is crying for attention. While the water level has almost touched the dead storage mark, the lifeline of millions faces growing silt.With the officials ignoring the massive accumulation of silt, nearly 120 thousand million cubic feet (tmc) in storage capacity has been lost in the reservoir. The total water storage capacity of the dam is 408 tmc.Sources said that the situation would not have been so bad had the dam engineers utilized the diversion channel at least once a year when the dam was not full.Strangely, project authorities have never operated the lower sluice (diversion channel) which would pump out the silt. \"In fact, there is a provision to operate the lower sluice so that water can be released downstream without opening the crest gates. The operation of the lower sluice would help pump out not only the water but also the silt that has accumulated at the bottom of the reservoir over the years,\" K Rayalu, senior irrigation consultant with the World Bank told TOI. Project authorities, it is believed, thought better than to operate the lower sluice worried over operational difficulties and lack of skilled lower-level staff.A senior engineer who was with the dam staff observed that the chief engineer is the key decision maker. \"Often they opt for the easy way out by lifting the crest gates to release excess water,\" he said. Underlining official negligence, nearly 432tmc of water (more than the actual capacity of 408tmc) was let out into the sea in 2009, 401tmc in 2010 and another 215tmc of water in 2012.Political parties which were at loggerheads over the recent release of 15tmc, were unconcerned about wastage of such enormous proportions. \"Due to the heavy siltation in the major reservoirs, the additional water received from the upper reaches has been let out into sea even before the dams actually get filled. This has been the trend over the last three years,\" Rayalu pointed out. A huge 737 tmc was released into sea from the Godavari basin in 2009, 4,002 tmc in 2010 and 1,536 tmc in 2011.Experts opine that advanced technology was available to remove silt from reservoirs and added that all major water projects are grappling with the problem which has brought down their storage capacities drastically. \"We have the technology, manpower and skill to clean up the reservoirs but there is no strong will,\" complained former MP Yalamanchili Sivaji.\"If the irrigation projects are not protected properly, it would bleed the state badly,\" warned Kolanukonda Sivaji of Delta Sadhana Samithi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14620835", "title": "Kolkata police mole turns into a don", "text": "KOLKATA: A police informer is turning into a don by using his 'immunity' to gang up with some notorious criminals in the northern fringes of the city. Police fear that the growing clout of Amit Sinha could change the equation in the underworld and pose a tough challenge to law enforcers.Amit, who the underworld calls 'Ramua', hails from New Alipore area of south Kolkata. He started as a small-time criminal but later turned into police mole. Nurtured by a former senior officer of the Special Task Force (STF), Kolkata Police's counter-terror force, Ramua is now a trusted informer of some police agencies.Ramua is suspected to be behind the murder bid on a Trinamool Congress leader in Dum Dum last Thursday.Officers posted in various police stations of Barrackpore and Bidhannagar have specific evidence that Ramua has started to rope in some notorious bad heads of the area in the past few months. The list includes Shankar Ram alias Lyangra Shankar - a dreaded gangster active in the airport area and his close associate Raja Dutta, a professional killer accused in the double murder of businessman Suptendu Dutta and his driver Sushanto Ghoshal.On September 10, 2011, Chinsurah-based businessman Suptendu, who owns two management-cum-IT colleges at Salt Lake and Siliguri, and his driver were found murdered inside their car on Belghoria Expressway. Police suspected Raja was hired for the double murder. He was arrested from Barasat in a narcotics case but investigators could not find anything to nail him for the murders. He got bail last Tuesday.A BCom dropout, Raja was a protege of Lyangra Shankar and is now playing a key role with Ramua to form a new crime syndicate, say police. Underworld sources confirm this. They say that Jaggu, the brother of slain Dum Dum Trinamool leader Manoj Sahni, has also joined Raja.Sahni, who was accused in a murder in the airport area, was gunned down in October 2011 due to a building-materials supply rivalry, say police. Sahni's old associates are eager to win back their domain and more than 35 dreaded toughs have already joined the Ramua-Raja gang and another notorious contract killer Babusona.Apu Singh, one of the key suspects in last Thursday's murder attempt on Trinamool youth leader Sibu Mazumdar, is an associate of Sahni's brother Jaggu. The bullet narrowly missed Mazumdar and he managed to identify some of the attackers. Apu is said to have led the hit squad. He and three others have been arrested,Police in Dum Dum, Belghoria and the airport area are concerned by the emergence of this new gang. Three more big guns of the underworld are closely watching the change.Ruis Mondal, a dreaded gangster in the New Town area, is likely to walk out of jail soon. Underworld sources say he is close to Ramua. His erstwhile mentor turned rival Gour Mondal and the city underworld's big brother Seikh Binod are keeping their eyes on Ramua. Binod is said to be desperately collecting information on the new developments from jail.\"Ramua and some of his aides have already started extorting people but his immunity as an informer of some elite investigating agencies stops us from throwing him behind the bars,\" said an officer of Barrackpore. His counterparts in Kolkata Police agree. The police agencies that use Ramua, however, say they have no clue about such developments. \"We will inquire into this. If he is misusing his police contacts, we will definitely take action,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14625837", "title": "Police custody for blast accused Khilji", "text": "NAGPUR: Alleged terrorist Khalil Khilji, who was arrested in Aurangabad in March, was granted police custody till July 9 by the Nagpur district and sessions court. While Khilji was sent to police custody, Zafar Hussain and Abrar Sheikh were granted magisterial custody.Khilji had been caught by the Anti-Terrorism Squad in Aurangabad. He was brought to the ATS court in Nagpur along with his son Aqueel Khilji, Shakeel Ahmed, and Abrar Sheikh. They had been arrested in an encounter in Aurangabad on March 26 earlier this year. They were all carrying rewards on their arrest for antinational activities, bank dacoity and attempt to murder in Madhya Pradesh.Before being presented in the ATS court, they were detained in Nagpur Central Jail for a while, and taken to Khandwa for a month for an inquiry.The terrorists are accused of having been behind the 2008 bomb blasts in Ahmedabad, in which 29 areas were bombed in just 70 minutes, killing 56 people and injuring over 200. They are believed to be close associates of Abu Fazal, the alleged mastermind behind the Ahmedabad blasts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14637756", "title": "Khesari Lal's Sapoot to release on Durga Puja", "text": "Promising Bhojpuri actor Khesari Lal Yadav's upcoming film Sapoot will hit the theatres during the auspicious Durga Puja festival. The actor recently completed the shoot for the movie.Mukesh Pandey directed Sapoot is penned by Mahesh Pandey. The director claimed that Khesari Lal has performed some breath taking stunts in the movie. Newbie Khushboo has been paired opposite Khesari Lal in this upcoming Bhojpuri flick. Sapoot also stars Manmohan Tiwari, Kajal Singh, Manoj Verma, Brijesh Tripathi, Umesh singh, Pushpa Verma and Sanjay Pande.Source: bhojpuritrade.blogspot.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "14617673", "title": "Minor exploited over nude video", "text": "AJMER: A case of sexual exploitation of a 15-year-old girl since last six months over her naked video clip in the Sarwar town came to light here on Monday when the mother of the victim reached the police station here and demanded action against the culprit. The mother said that culprit had prepared the video clip and threatened to sell it in market to defame their family.Preliminary investigation showed that a gang involved in making objectionable clips of girls and then sexually exploiting them was active in the town.Police have registered a case and sent the girl for medical examination. Meanwhile, the family of the accused has fled the town and police have started looking for the accused, \"We have registered the case and are investigating it. We will not leave any accused if the allegations are found true,\" said Sarita Singh, deputy superintendent of police. Police also registered the statement of victim on Monday. A team went to arrest the accused but found the place locked.The girl's mother, in the complaint, said that about six months ago, she had sent her daughter to bring the ironed clothes from the shop of Prabhulal dhobi. \"When she went to take the clothes, Hanuman, son of Prabhulal, was alone in the house and asked my daughter to try on the ironed clothes in his room,\" said the complainant. It further said that, \"When my daughter was changing clothes, Hanuman made the video clip and raped her. He then threatened her to not utter a word about it or he would make her nude clip public.\"Hanuman started blackmailing the girl for sexual favours. Sources said there were other people involved too but FIR didn't say anything about it. The charge of the investigation has been given to Bhanwar Singh, SHO of Kekri. The mother said that her daughter on Sunday had told her about the sexual harassment she was facing since last six months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14636629", "title": "Director Shankar scouting for locations", "text": "Ace director Shankar is currently in China to finalize the locations for his upcoming movie \"I\". Needless to expound, Shankar's films have exotic locations as the director always try to pick the best spots. The movie's lead actor Vikram will also join the director soon after he wraps up shooting for \"Thaandavam\".The last time Shankar shot in China was for \"Jeans\", starring Prashanth and Aishwarya Rai. Shankar picturized \"Great Wall of China\" along with other wonders of the world in the film during that time. Now his upcoming film \"I\" also has a star cast of Suresh Gopi, Santhanam and Amy Jackson. AR.Rahman is scoring the music while PC.Sriram cranks the camera.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14625267", "title": "'Live, pregnant cargo' puts airport authorities to test", "text": "CHANDIGARH: An unusual cargo had the authorities at the Amritsar international airport on their toes, which was to be put on a specially chartered flight. Ten buffaloes from Punjab, all pregnant, were delicately lifted into specially-made crates, to be transported to United Arab Emirates on behalf of a Dubai-based importer, H H Sheikh.Visitors at the airport were treated to a rare sight as the jet-black buffaloes, with a red band around their necks, slogged from one counter to another, on their one-way journey to the foreign land.The buffaloes, all of high-yielding variety, were handpicked by an expert group sent by the Sheikh, reportedly for the presidential house in UAE. The buffaloes are prized possessions as they yield 8 to 10 litres of milk daily and were bought by the expert group from four different places -- Patiala, Nabha, Sangrur and Barnala -- after paying more than their market value.Transporting such a bulky cargo, each weighing about 500 kg, yet delicate on account of pregnancy, had the airport officials in a tizzy. Cargo incharge of Amritsar airport, I L Bhatia, said, \"We transport medicines and garments generally. Transporting live cargo was done on trial basis, which was successful. Specially-made crates, which ensure that the buffaloes don't run into each other, were used. We had also held a thorough medical examination of the buffaloes.\"A specially-chartered plane of Air Shagun transported the buffaloes from Guru Ramdass International Airport, Amritsar. Devinder Singh of Gurdev Livestock Trading Company, which oversaw the arrangements, said, \"The booking is in the name of H H Sheikh and these buffaloes are for the presidential palace in Abu Dhabi. In 2006 also, about 40 buffaloes from Punjab were sent to the presidential palace. They are highly valued because of their heavy weight and high yield qualities.\"A team of experts had landed in Punjab, after getting clearance from Indian authorities, to select the 10 animals. It took at least 15 days for the task to be completed and the buffaloes are expected to get a royal treatment from their new owner, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14628366", "title": "Azam Khan vows to bring back Muslim waqf properties 'looted' during previous SP, BSP governments", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh urban development and minority affairs minister Azam Khan on Monday created flutter by claiming that almost 90% prime properties of the Waqf Board in the state have been sold to builders during previous regimes of the Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) and Samajwadi party (SP). He said that he would bring a legislation to restore all of them back to the board. However, his claim led to embarrassment of the ruling SP in the House because Muslim are party's main vote bank. Khan also alleged that massive irregularities in the urban development department during the BSP rule.Khan, while presenting Mulsim welfare budget in the state assembly, said in the last five years of BSP government and also during the SP rule earlier, waqf properties were sold. \"We will bring a law soon to restore them back to the Waqf Board\", said Khan, who is also considered to be the Muslim face of the party. He said that he is 'aware' about the 'dealings' of waqf properties done by some 'vested interests' in previous SP regime. However, Khan said that the new law on waqf will have the provision to take over the buildings constructed by builders over waqf land and they will become a part of the Waqf.Though Khan's statement caused embarrassment for SP leaders, he tried to balance the situation by saying that the SP government has always worked for Muslims with right intentions. He said that there has been a rise of 80% in the budget of the minority development. Khan alleged that BSP government under a conspiracy did not act to ensure education for the minorities. Mayawati government kept the file of Rs 90 crores central funds, meant for minorities, so that its next instalments could not be provided to the state, alleged Azam. The assembly passed the budget of Rs 1673.82 crores by a voice vote.Regarding corruption in urban development department during Mayawati rule, Khan said, \"If probed properly, the loot in the department would be no less than that in the Rs 5000 crore NRHM scam.\" He said that there had been useless expenditure by the cash-strapped municipal bodies by employing large number of people on contract, despite availability of regular staff. Citing irregularities in the Kanshi Ram Avas Yojna of the BSP government, he claimed the houses meant for poor were given to well-off people. The SP government is probing the matter and has will take action against those found responsible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14620593", "title": "Woman falls into well in cowshed, dies", "text": "KOLKATA: Just a day after a 50-year-old man fell into a well and died in Domjur, a woman in her forties met with a similar fate after she slipped into a well in a cowshed in Kamarhati late on Monday evening.Urmila Singh, 45, a resident of Prasad Nagar at Kamarhati, had gone to the cowshed to collect milk on Monday. On her way back, a cow suddenly rushed towards her. She fell into a well when she tried to escape from the raging cow.Locals managed to pull up Urmila from the well after an hour-long rescue operation. She was immediately taken to Kamarhati Sagar Dutta State General Hospital, where she was declared dead on arrival.A complaint was lodged by her husband Uday Singh , a senior official of Uluberia Jute mill, against the owner of the cowshed. Police have started an investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14625408", "title": "Bank officials molest girl at Kolkata apartment, arrested", "text": "KOLKATA: Two young officials of a nationalized bank have been arrested for molesting and passing lewd comments at a 10-year-old girl and her mother at an apartment in Garfa in the wee hours of Monday.Abhinava Chatterjee and Rahul Sapui, both in their mid-20 s, had gone to a colleague's flat on Rajanikanta Bose Road to watch the Euro final . Another colleague who accompanied the duo has also been named as an accused in the case but is absconding. The trio - working in a nationalized bank's Salt Lake branch - left the apartment after the match got over, around 2am. Another family staying in the same apartment had returned home around the same time and was approaching the stairs.Police said the trio molested the schoolgirl, who had climbed the stairs ahead of her parents. As the girl screamed, her mother rushed to her aid. But the youths were undeterred and made lewd comments. Her husband, who was a few paces behind his wife and daughter as he had to park his car, arrived within moments.The heated exchange alerted local youths. Chatterjee was caught, beaten up and handed over to the police but Sapui and the other colleague managed to escape.On the basis of the complaint lodged by the girl's father, police booked Taltala resident Chatterjee . Sapui was arrested in the morning from his Salt Lake home. Both were charged with molestation and eve-teasing. Their absconding colleague is a resident of Nadia's Ranaghat.The incident comes days after the molestation of a Class-V student at Garfa. The girl had gone to school in her pool car on June 22 like any other day and on the way, she had been molested by the cleaner of the car.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14622091", "title": "39 sites in Western Ghats get world heritage status", "text": "MUMBAI: A cluster of 39 sites spread over 7,953.15 sq km in the Western Ghats will now be inscribed in the World Heritage list. These include tiger reserves, national parks, wildlife sanctuaries and reserved forests in Maharashtra, Karnataka, Kerala and Tamil Nadu.Kerala leads with 20 sites being inscribed in the heritage list followed by Karnataka with ten, Tamil Nadu five and Maharashtra four. In Maharashtra, the Kas plateau, the Koyna wildlife sanctuary, the Chandoli national park and the Radhanagari Wildlife sanctuary in the Sahyadri range have been given the world heritage site tag.The decision to include the 39 sites was taken by a 21-nation panel of the World Heritage Committee (WHC) at its meeting currently on at St Petersburg, Russia. The International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN), the official World Heritage advisory body on nature, in its recommendation did not include the Western Ghats as four of the sub-clusters were not contiguous as contended by India and many did not have buffer zones. Among the concerns expressed were mining in Sindhdurga district (Radhanagari Sanctuary) and that there was no overarching management plan for the nominated sites.(Read: Save the Western Ghats)India had submitted the nomination dossier to the Unesco World Heritage Centre, Paris , in February 2010. Former environment minister Jairam Ramesh had pushed hard for their inclusion and had also set up the Western Ghats Ecology Expert Panel to study and provide recommendations to protect the ghats.In its media release, the WHC said a series of protected areas across the Western Ghats in India were added to Unesco's list of iconic places after a persistent campaign for world heritage status by the Indian government. \"Mountains, rainforests, rivers and waterfalls are all part of the 160,000 sq km area, recognized as a global biodiversity hotspot. The Western Ghats are home to a number of flagship mammals including the endangered endemic lion-tailed Macaque, the endangered Asian elephant and the tiger.''Lena Pillars Nature Park in Russia was also added to the prestigious list by the WHC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14621670", "title": "Train timings altered; Pune-Amravati train schedule out", "text": "PUNE: The schedule of some trains leaving from Pune including Pune-Secunderabad Shatabdi has been revised, while the Pune-Manmad train has now been extended up to Bhusawal.The schedule of a new train between Pune and Amravati has been announced, although the date of its introduction will be declared later. Some trains going towards Veraval in Gujarat and Indore in Madhya Pradesh have been speeded up.The Pune-Secunderabad Shatabdi will take an additional 20 minutes to cover the distance. However, on its return journey to Pune, it will take five minutes lesser time than the earlier schedule.The Shatabdi which will leave Pune at its usual time at 5.50 am, will reach Secunderabad at 2.30 pm instead of 2.10 pm. Similarly, the train will leave Secunderabad at 2.55 pm instead of the earlier time of 2.40 pm and reach Pune at 11.10 pm instead of 11 pm.The train, which runs six days a week, was introduced last November. It has only one executive AC coach and six AC chair car coaches and stops at Solapur, Gulbarga, Wadi, Vikarabad and Begumpet stations.Another new train between Porbandar and Secunderabad will run via Pune, but the date of its commencement will be announced later. The train will leave Porbandar on Monday at 11.55 pm, arrive in Pune at 10.25 pm on Tuesday, and reach Secunderabad the next day at 10.30 am. From Secunderabad, the train will leave on Wednesday at 3 pm, arrive in Pune at 2 am, and reach Porbandar at 12.10 am on Friday.While the Pune-Manmad daily express train has been extended up to Bhusaval, the train will leave Pune at 11.45 am instead of the earlier time of 12.10 pm. The train will reach Manmad at 7.35 pm and reach Bhusaval at 10.10 pm. On its return journey, the train will leave Bhusaval at 12.25 am and reach Pune at 12.05 pm.The Indian Railways, which had announced a new bi-weekly train between Pune and Amravati has put out its schedule. The notification of the introduction of the train is to be announced later. From Pune, the train (11405) will leave on Sundays and Fridays at 10 pm. It will reach Amravati the next day at 3 pm. From Amravati, the train (11406) will leave on Monday and Saturday at 6.30 pm and reach Pune the next day at 1.15 pm. The train will go via Kurudwadi, Latur road, Parli, Parbhani, Purna, Hingoli, Washim, and Akola.Two new trains will be introduced between Dadar-Puducherry and Dadar-Tirunelveli. Each train will run thrice a week. Once these new trains, which will go via Pune, are introduced, the Railways will cancel the present Dadar-Yesvantpur Chalukya (11017) express which also goes via Pune.The railways have also announced the schedule of some of the new trains leaving from Nanded, Solapur and Kolhapur. All these trains had been announced in the railway budget in March, this year. A new Nanded-Patna-Amritsar train will facilitate rail travel to important places of Sikh pilgrimage. The train named as 'Guru Parikrama' special, which will run once a week, is to be introduced later. From Solapur, a new tri-weekly train to Yesvantpur in Bangalore will go via Gulbarga. In addition, the frequency of the 16535/16536 Solapur-Yesvantpur train will be increased from three to seven days. The frequency of the Kolhapur-Hyderabad train will be increased from two to seven days. A new tri-weekly train between Pandharpur and Shirdi will be introduced soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14622320", "title": "Vendor zones under 29 urban local bodies", "text": "PATNA: The state government has decided to create and construct vendor zones to provide temporary sitting arrangements to footpath vendors under 29 urban local bodies of the state on the consultancy advice of Department for International Development (DFID) of the UK.Under the same programme, the work on constructing a vendor zone has been started at Motihari, while one of them would also come up at a cost of Rs22.85 lakh near Hanuman Mandir at Rajvanshinagar in Patna in the next one month, said urban development minister Prem Kumar on Monday while reviewing the status of construction of vendor zones in the state.Kumar said the vendor zone being constructed at Motihari at a cost of Rs30.15 lakh would be completed in three months. It would provide temporary sitting arrangement to 105 footpath vendors. Similarly, the vending zone would provide sitting facility to 70 footpath vendors at Rajvanshinagar here, he added.The 29 urban bodies where the vendor zones would be created include Patna, Danapur, Khagaul, Phulwarisharif, Hajipur, Biharsharif, Chhapra, Ara, Begusarai, Siwan, Gaya, Bodh Gaya, Dehri, Sasaram, Aurangabad, Nawada, Purnia, Saharsa, Kishanganj, Katihar, Bhagalpur, Munger, Jamalpur, Muzaffarpur, Sitamarhi, Bettiah, Motihari, Darbhanga and Rajgir.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14619151", "title": "Colaba to Dhaisar underground line being discussed seriously", "text": "MUMBAI: Commuters would be able to travel in AC comfort between Colaba and Dahisar by underground Metro rail if the discussions now on at the MMRDA's office are finalized.MMRDA commissioner Rahul Asthana said discussions were on about changing the plan for the Charkop-Bandra-Mankhurd Metro line and keeping only one line from Bandra to Dahisar. This route would link up with the Colaba-Bandra underground line. \"The Mankhurd leg of the Metro could be taken up later,'' Asthana said.MMRDA planners state that the first metro line from Versova Andheri Ghatkopar is an East West line, these lines are more difficult to build. The North South lines are easier as they flow along the current transport networks. Building a line from Colaba to Dhaisar thus makes sense as the MMRDA wants to get the line going.The second line from Charkop Bandra Mankhurd was initially planned as an underground line but ran into opposition from citizens groups who wanted an underground route which they said would be less destructive to the residences and the environment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14625313", "title": "Giving wings to a dream, with a little help", "text": "Two weeks after The Times Of India published the stories of six girls who dared to dream despite all odds, our readers responded to the Reach Out campaign from across the state with generosity and enthusiasm, sending Rs 13 lakh to help them pursue undergraduate courses. Readers also wrote touching letters of encouragement.There were readers who did not want to choose from among the girls and contributed to all six. Others even invited the girls to become part of their families.\"Please visit me during Deepavali. I think of you as my great-grand daughter. I am sure you will have a bright future,\" read a letter from 90-year old Padmavathy Iyengar, a resident of Alwarpet. Coonoor-based Arjun Srinivasan, who sent a cheque of Rs1 lakh for B Duragdevi, wrote: \"I am sending a cheque that will help her pay her fee. I will also try to get her admission to the optometry course in Coimbatore.\"We decided to use the money to help the girls look for a career that best suited them. TOI roped in Chennai-based consultancy Bodhi, which specializes in career and educational counselling, for the purpose. The aim was to help the girls choose courses where financial requirements are limited. It was also important that they choose careers with a short gestation period, or a study period of three to four years, given their financial b a c k - grounds. Once their aptitudes and possible courses were identified, we helped them apply at good colleges that charge reasonable fees. Job placement and security was paramount for all the girls. It was also important for them to finish their studies without delay and become earning members of their families.The day-long session was conducted free of cost. Five of the six girls went through a process called psychological profiling. They were given a special test to assess their interests, motivations, aptitude and personality. While S Bhavani and S Kavinilavu aim to become chartered accounts, their psychometric tests showed they had various possibilities. Both the girls were extroverts who work well under pressure and had a future besides auditing. So it was suggested that Bhavani pursue CFA (Chartered Financial Analysis) and Kavinilavu aim for the IIMs or the civil services after chartered accountancy.Ashpunisha showed a love for biology but was not interested in research. When she realised her marks did not qualify her for an MBBS admission, she had decided to look at engineering. The psychometric tests again confirmed that she should look at pursuing dental education, as it would give her an opportunity to interact with people. B Durgadevi and D Jansimary, seemed a little confused about where their passions lay. Durgadevi is creative and appeared apt for a career in advertising or research. But she insisted on attending engineering counselling that will be held later this month. Jansi, the tests said, would make a good social worker or a nurse. But because she seemed reluctant. So, we suggested that she opt for environmental, computer science or chemical engineering.LETTERS OF SUPPORTHere are some of the messages that came pouring in from readers, who contributed to the girls' causeMy wife is admitted to Christian Medical College in Vellore. I am facing financial problems because of her treatment. But my wife and I were very moved when we read the story about D Jansimary's struggle, so please accept my contribution of 101.Ashit Nanda | AssamI have won the Marrs International Spelling Bee competition, which entitles me to a scholarship of 2 lakh in installments. I would like to use that money to help these students. So, I have enclosed a cheque of 5,000. I wish them all the best for the future.Nayanika Bharadwaj | ChennaiThe article on D Jansimary was inspiring and heartwarming. Please accept my small contribution of 1,000. I also request you to let me know if her family need any food supplies. I am a part of a 'Jain Social group', which can arrange for food and medicines.Tansukh D Mehta | ChennaiAs part of the Surya-Chandra foundation, please accept our donation for the six girls mentioned in articles published in Times of India so they can pursue college education. I have enclosed cheques of $100 for each of the six girls. Hope this 'provides them with a bright future.Murali Nakappan | USATHE BENEFITS OF COUNSELLINGD JANSIMARY | Armed with a quiet determination, Jansi wanted guidance on which branch of engineering to choose. However, the tests showed that she had low mechanical ability. Counsellor Kalavathi suggested nursing, counselling, social work or teaching would be best options.B DURGADEVI | The physics-lover wanted to pursue dentistry or engineering. The counsellor suggested that she do her masters in physics from a top institute like IISc or IIT, where she will have the freedom to experiment and invent, and even earn a good stipend while during research.S ASHPUNISHA | She wanted to become a doctor but could not qualify for counselling. As she toyed with the idea of biomedical engineering, the counsellor said her family and educational background would not allow her to excel in that field and suggested she pursue dentistry or optometry.S BHAVANI | Though she did most of her schooling in corporation schools, she had a good knowledge of English and reasoning ability. Counsellor Kalavathi suggested Bhavani pursue Chartered Financial Analysis (CFA), which pays extremely well, and would require her to solve financial problems.S KAVINILAVU | Kavinilavu enjoys participating in debates and is bent on pursuing CA, which the counsellor was sure she would do very well at. So when Kavinilavu said she planned to pursue an undergraduate degree through correspondence, the counsellor said \"it is a must\". The counsellor suggests that Kavi be allowed to complete her CA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14624767", "title": "Tablet war gets intense", "text": "It all started with Apple's iPad in April 2010. Then came a flurry of Android-based tablets. Google entered the fray last week, with Nexus 7 that has definitively queered the pitch and taken the tablet war to a new high.Undoubtedly iPad reigns supreme from various points of view. But it's expensive at $499. That's where Kindle's Fire came in as an alternative at $199. Now, Nexus 7 has arguably iPad-like features for the price of Fire. A quick look at the specs will easily tell the reasons behind the rage for Nexus 7. There are a few parameters that stand out. One is the operating system -- it is Android 4.1 or Jelly Bean, an upgrade of Android 4.0 or Ice-cream Sandwich. It has Google Now -- Google's answer to iPhone's Siri, the personal digital assistant. It has improved voice search and camera app. Google Maps is available offline. Many features of 4.0 have been bettered here. In contrast, Fire runs on Android 2.3 Gingerbread, and many others on 4.0.The second critical spec is the processor. Nexus 7 has a 1.3 GHz quad core Nvidia Tegra 3 processor, said to be the fastest. This means everything will race on it -- a hassle-free run for your apps, games and video contents. Fire has a 1 GHz dual-core one while Apple has the 1 GHz Apple A5X. On the graphics side, Nexus 7 has a 12-core subsystem, while iPad has a quad core one.The third aspect is the screen -- important since that is what we are always looking at. Nexus 7 is 7-inch like Fire, compared to iPad's 10. Nexus 7 crams 1280 x 800 pixels as against Fire's 1024 x 600. But both pale compared to iPad's 2048 x 1536.Nexus is the lightest tablet, with the latest operating system, the fastest processor and a high quality, pocket-size screen at a price that's the lowest in the segment.But Nexus 7 does have a few cons. It has only a front camera and not in the rear; no expandable memory, and no cellular wireless connectivity.With rumours of Google planning a 10-inch tab and Apple planning a 7-inch one, there may be more surprises in store.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14623586", "title": "HC dismisses plea filed by ex-BSP minister", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad High Court on Monday dismissed a writ petition, filed by former BSP minister, Chaudhary Laxmi Narayan, seeking stay of his arrest in connection with an FIR registered against him and 55 others.The allegation against former minister and others in the FIR was that they had incited communal riot thereby several persons had received serious injuries and some persons even died.The FIR was lodged against the minister and others on June 12, 2012 under sections 147, 148, 149, 307, 302, 109, 392 and 120-B of IPC at Koshikalan police station in Mathura.The bench, consisting of Justice D P Singh and Justice Anurag Kumar, dismissed the writ petition after hearing the parties at length.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14619928", "title": "Pit mishap: After rescue, blame game begins", "text": "GURGAON: The blame game has started over Sunday's incident in which a three-year-old boy fell into a pit dug by the electricity department. While soon after the incident the district administration said that an FIR against a junior engineer and a sub-divisional officer of the Dakshin Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam (DHBVN) has been registered, the electricity board on Monday retorted saying that the deputy commissioner reacted hastily without checking the facts.According to DHBVN officials, the private contractor was the one responsible for leaving the pit uncovered and they claim that they are in the process of registering a police complaint against the company. \"This unfortunate incident could have been avoided if the private company had finished its work within the stipulated time. The contract for the Rs 100 crore project funded by the World Bank to bifurcate 49 feeders and convert 34 of them from low-voltage to high-voltage feeders was awarded in 2011 to this agency. However, the work has been extremely slow and till now only 5% of the work has been completed. By March this year 500 transformers of 200kV each were to be installed but till now only 63 have been installed,' said an official.\"We feel that the deputy commissioner should have first investigated the matter thoroughly before suspending the junior engineer and an SDO apart from transferring an executive engineer. The negligence is on the part of the private company officials and we are in the process of filing a case against them. We are also conducting an internal inquiry into the incident and if we find that our officials are in any way responsible for the unfortunate incident we will take the necessary action. And till such time, the officials who are under suspension will remain not join back,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14626226", "title": "Aspiring rowdy \u201890\u2019, two others held for murder", "text": "BANGALORE: A 19-year-old who dreamt of emerging as a bigtime rowdy ended up in jail after he was allegedly involved in two murders.Javed Syed Zamir alias '90' has been arrested by Banashankari police for allegedly stabbing to death Amjad Pasha, 20,on Friday.His two associates in the second crime \u2014 Dilip Babu and Wasim \u2014 are in police custody. \"Amjad and Javed went to a movie and fought with each other while returning. Javed and others stabbed Amjad to death,\" police said.Allegedly influenced by slain don-turned-rowdy Diwan Ali, Zamir had been arrested in April 2011 for allegedly murdering one Krishnachari , 25, over a trivial issue. \"Javed confessed to have resorted to killings because he wanted to become a notorious rowdy,\" police added. He was nicknamed '90' because of his style of gulping down in one shot 90ml of hard liquor in raw.All the accused are residents of Yarabnagar, Banashankari II Stage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14622248", "title": "Teachers should be well prepared for students' sake: Shambhu Nath Singh", "text": "PATNA: Patna University vice-chancellor Shambhu Nath Singh said teachers would have to prepare themselves well to answer the students' queries. Otherwise, the purpose behind conducting admission test to screen the best available talents would be defeated if the teachers did not impart quality education to the students, he said.Addressing a meeting of Patna Science College teachers on Monday, the VC lamented that not a single teacher ever visited him to discuss academic problems during his almost one-year in PU. \"All the department heads and college principals came to me either for some administrative help or some personal work,\" he said, adding that he was always available at his office to discuss academic matters with teachers and students.Singh said he was surprised to know that in the age of computers, PU teachers refused to accept the evaluation work this year simply because they had been asked to work on computers. Teachers would have to become computer savvy if they have to make their presence felt in the society. The present-day students are not prepared to take dictates from 'old class notes' of teachers as they have an easy access to the Internet providing latest information on a topic, he said.The VC expressed the hope that university teachers would equip themselves with the latest information and stand the test of the time. They should serve as role models for their students, he said. Singh observed that college teachers should make sincere efforts for reviving the lost glory of this premier institution. Its laboratories should be made functional so that teachers and scholars are able to carry out research and publish their work in international journals, he said.PU and its four colleges are likely to get handsome grants from the Department of Science and Technology (DST), government of India, this month for improving infrastructural facilities in their science departments, said Patna Science College principal Arun Kumar Sinha.The DST has sanctioned a sum of Rs1.50 crore to PU for the development of its postgraduate science departments and Rs50 lakh each to Patna Science College, B N College, Magadh Mahila College and Patna Women's College for strengthening their science departments, said Sinha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14619411", "title": "HC sets aside jail officials' suspension orders", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka high court on Monday set aside the suspension order of TH Lakshminarayana, jail superintendent, Central Prison, Parappana Agrahara, and jail superintendent R Anita.\"Seen from any angle, because the petitioner challenged the order of his transfer and succeeded before KAT, the authorities wanted to get rid of him. It is curious to note from records that the officials did not find this information themselves, but some outside agency got the information through RTI... It is a case of mala fide exercise of power by the authorities which is arbitrary and issued with ulterior purpose. It is a punishment for agitating transfer...\" the division bench comprising Justices N Kumar and HS Kempanna observed, setting aside the April 23, 2012 suspension order. The bench, however, said the departmental enquiry can continue.The bench also observed that no records were produced with regard to SM Masood, to say that he be kept under custody as an undertrial after December 27, 2011, when he was released. The bench was of the view that R Anita was also victimized.Lakshminarayana had challenged the suspension order as well as the refusal of the Karnataka Administrative Tribunal to grant an interim order on April 27, with regard to an application filed by him. He contended that the government's action follows the April 19, 2012, KAT order quashing his transfer to Bellary jail.PIL WITHDRAWNA PIL challenging the appointment of Justice S B Majage as Upa Lokayukta was withdrawn on Monday as the government told the court that the appointment was done in terms of the requirement under the Lokayukta Act, 1984. \"All the records are here. The government has followed the procedure (regarding consultation),\" government advocate B Veerappa informed the bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen.As per records, three constitutional functionaries -- the Chief Justice, assembly Speaker and chairman of the legislative council -- have endorsed Justice Majage's candidature. Following this, counsel for the petitioner informed the court that they would like to withdraw the PIL. Chikkaballapur-based advocate P Subramanya had filed the petition challenging Justice Majage's appointment.BSY PLEA HEARING ADJOURNEDA division bench headed by the Chief Justice adjourned to August 7 the hearing of writ appeals filed by former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa, challenging the single bench order of January 31 wherein the petitions challenging the summons issued by special Lokayukta court were dismissed.\"I (Yeddyurappa) can't be like a sitting duck,\" the former chief minister's counsel argued while referring to the trials going on both at the special Lokayukta court and CBI court. He also contended that splitting of complaints by Sirajin Basha prejudiced his interest.However, counsel for Sirajin Basha said there is no harassment as claimed by the Yeddyurappa and there is no evil motive behind the splitting. \"The complainant was entitled to file 15 complaints,\" he said in reference to 15 instances of denotification for which governor HR Bhardwaj gave consent to prosecute him.NITYA PLEA HEARING ADJOURNEDJustice Ajit Gunjal has deferred hearing of a petition filed by Swami Nityananda seeking Rs 10 crore in damages from the government, to enable the authorities to respond to the court's poser on whose authority the seizure of his ashram was ordered. Nityananda claimed that some disgruntled elements and those eyeing his 23-acre ashram property were behind this act.PLEA DISPOSED OFJustice Anand Byrareddy has disposed of a criminal revision petition filed by Abdul Khadar, accused in the July 25, 2008, Bangalore serial blasts case asking the trial court to have a fresh look at the discharge application filed by him. Khadar, from Virajpet in Kodagu district, claimed that first he was considered as a witness and thereafter his name was inserted as an accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14618899", "title": "Boy loses eye in cellphone blast in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: A 12-year-old boy lost his right eye while playing with his father's China-made mobile, which exploded while it was being charged. The incident took place on Thursday at Seoni village in Yavatmal district. The boy, Mayur, suffered chemical burns on his eyes, hands and lips. The explosion has completely ruptured his right retina, making it improbable that he would regain vision in that eye.Mayur's father Subhash Raut rushed him to a nearby hospital and then to a government hospital in Yavatmal, from where he was shifted to Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) in Nagpur late on Thursday night.\"We immediately performed a surgery to prevent the infection from spreading to the brain. Unfortunately, we could not do anything to save Mayur's right eye,\" said Dr Rahul Dangwar, associate professor in the ophthalmology department of GMCH, who attended to Mayur under the supervision of Dr Dilip Kumre. Mayur's left eye has not been affected by the explosion, he added.\"This is the second case of this kind we have dealt with. The other was reported last year. In both cases, the cellphones were cheap, China-made models. Those buying such phones should be cautious not to overcharge the batteries, and should leave them alone when they are charging,\" said Dr Ashok Madan, head of ophthalmology department at GMCH.A student of class VI, Mayur has done well in studies throughout. His teachers and family are now worried about how this will affect his life. \"Other children from the village are now being kept away from mobile phones,\" said a villager who had accompanied the Rauts to Nagpur.Subhash Raut, who is a farmworker, is now afraid of using mobile phones. \"I would ask all parents to be very cautious with electronic devices, especially while children are around. They must avoid the situation where children treat mobile phones like toys,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14618234", "title": "Viral infections in city on the rise as fickle weather helps viruses breed", "text": "MUMBAI: Aniruddh Nair was excited to return to school after the summer vacations. But in the first week of school, the 13-year-old came back home with a running nose and a sore throat. \"My son has been suffering from cold since last week. He also complains of joint ache and breathlessness while sleeping. We have consulted our doctor, but cold takes time to be cured,\" said Manasi, Aniruddh's mother.Aniruddh is not the only one suffering from viral infection. More than malaria-the usual dreaded monsoon malady-viral infection is currently the \"fear factor\" in the city. City doctors said though there is only a slight increase in the number of upper respiratory cases, the numbers are likely to go up soon.Dr Hemant Thacker, who consults in Jaslok and Breach Candy hospitals, said there has been a 15% increase in the number of cold and cough cases. \"Most patients coming to us are suffering from cough and running nose. Though there is no fever, the cold is accompanied by severe joint pain,\" he said.Doctors said the now-hot-now-wet weather is helping viruses breed. \"Low temperature is good for viruses to multiply and moisture makes it even better for them,\" said Dr Abhay Chowdhary, director of Haffkine Institute of Research and Testing.\"We received more patients complaining of respiratory problems when there were rains last week. Though right now, the situation is normal, problems like chronic obstructive pulmonary disorder (COPD), asthma and bronchitis are likely to go up when rains hit the city again,\" said Dr Ashok Mahasur, chest physician at Hinduja Hospital.July to October is considered to be a favourable time for viral infections to shoot up. But this year, due to delay in rains, the respiratory ailments have also been fluctuating. \"When the weather becomes suddenly cloudy, the cases rise a little. The weather becomes favourable for viruses to thrive,\" said Dr Mahasur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14623667", "title": "SC admits state government appeal against compensating shrines", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday asked for all details that led to the Gujarat high court directing the state government to help repair and rebuild religious structures damaged in the 2002 communal riots.A bench of justice K S Radhakrishnan and justice Dipak Misra entertained the Gujarat government's appeal against the February 8 high court order and asked the additional advocate general Tushar Mehta to place the entire documentation before the court by August 9.The high court had charged the state government with \"inaction and negligence\" in its order.Interestingly, the state objected to the high court order on the ground that it was contrary to the constitutional principle of secularism where no government could favour a particular religion. It said compensation to repair damaged religious structures could be akin to state's help to a particular community.The bench issued notice to the voluntary organization Islamic Relief Committee of Gujarat, which had filed a public interest litigation in the high court in 2003 with details of damages to 271 religious structures in 26 districts during the post-Godhra riots. The high court order had asked principal district judges in 26 districts to entertain applications seeking compensation for repair and reconstruction of religious structures. But it had clarified that additional constructions in the main structure would not be covered under the scheme.In its notice, the Supreme Court asked, \"Is there a basis for grant of compensation? Has any study been done by state to assess the damage?\"In its order, the high court bench of acting chief justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and justice J B Pardiwala had concluded that it was \"inadequate endeavour\" on part of the government to prevent riots. The bench had also asked the government to get the money for the compensation from those who had damaged the religious structures.The high court asked government to pay those who were in-charge of the Islamic religious structures like mosques and shrines, including great Urdu poet Vali Gujarati's tomb in Shahibaug. The judges concluded that if the government could give compensation to those who had lost houses and business establishments, it could not deny financial assistance to repair and rebuild religious places damaged in the riots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14621492", "title": "Power shutdown on Wednesday", "text": "Power supply will be suspended in the following areas on Wednesday from 9am to 5.30pm for maintenance work.Valluvarkottam: Cathedral Garden Rd, GN Chetty Rd, GK Puram, Vidyodhaya 1st, 2nd cross St, Giri Rd, New Giri Rd, Habibullah Rd, Thirumoorthy Ngr 1 to 6th St, Vaidhayanathan St, Veerabhath St, Pudukula St, Josier St, Nageswara Rd, Mahalingapuram, Mahalingapuram Main Rd, Pushpa Ngr, Nungambakkam Lake, Valluvarkottam High Rd, Tank Bund Rd, Kamarajapuram, Kakkan Colony, Kamdar Ngr, Thirumalaipillai Rd, Kuppusamy St, Habibullah Rd, Sivasailam St, Solaiappan St, Periyar Rd, Dharamapuram I-XII St, Balaji Avenue 1st, 2nd St, Saradhambal St, Thangavel St, Krishnabai St, Bagirathiammal St, Part of Thirumoorthy St, Bharathi Ngr 1-4th St, Part North Usman Rd, Ramakrishnapuram, Sarangapani St, Arulambal St, North Boag Rd Main 1 to 3rd St, Part of VRC Rd, Police Qtrs., Sundarrao St, Xavier St, Egali 1st to 3rd St, Part of Annasalai &amp; Congress Bldg., Kodambakkam High Rd, Porur Somasundaram St, Padmanaban St, Kannaih St.Arumbakkam: MMDA Colony, Arumbakkam, Aminjikarai, NM Rd, Metha Ngr, Railway Colony, Collectorate Colony, Vadagaram, Azad Ngr, MH Colony, Choolaimedu, Vadapalani, Mangai Ngr, Sakthi Ngr.Manali: Part of Manali Market, Kamaraj salai, Chinna Sekadu, Periya Sekaadu, Balajipalayam, Padmagiri Ngr, Moolachathiram,Jayalakshmi Garden, Annai Indra Ngr, Parvathy Ngr, Selavoyal, Meenakshi Bharathi Co-op Ngr, Old MGR Ngr, Periyar Ngr,Sadayankuppam, Andarkuppam, Manali Pudu Ngr Phase 1 &amp; 2, Ariyalur, Kanniammanpettai, Vaikadu, All HT Industries.Gummidipoondi Sipcot: Gummidipoondi Sipcot SS II - 33 KV and 11 KV HT Consumers.Alandur: Alandur, Maduvankarai, Adambakkam, Meenambakkam, Thiruvalluvar Ngr, New Colony, VV Colony, Subbareddy Colony,Cooks Road: Brickiln Rd, SS Puram, A and B Blocks, Thideer Ngr, Venkatammal Samathy, Chellappa Mudali Street, Padavattamman St, Part of Purasawalkam, New Farrance Rd, Dargah St, Strahans Rd, Appasamy St, Pensioners Lane, Mangapathy St, Police Quarters, B &amp; C Mill Quarters, Ashtabujam St, Kalathiyappa Rd, Dharmaraja Koil Street, Jamalia Ngr, SBOA Colony, Perambur High Rd 1st and 2nd Sts, Arundhati Ngr, Mettupalayam, Perambur Barracks Rd, Vichur Muthiyappan Street, KM Garden, Narasinga Perumal St and Angalamman Koil St.Manali New Town: Sadaiyan Kuppam, Burma Ngr, Ammullaivoyal, Andarkuppam, Kanniammanpettai, Manali New Town Phase -1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14626232", "title": "Children have showed creativity through Buzz: Parents", "text": "NAGPUR: Not only the student editors of Modern School, Koradi Road, their parents also were a happy and excited lot as they visited the TOI office on Monday evening for a felicitation ceremony.For the student editors, working with TOI School Buzz turned out to be an opportunity to take a sneak peek into the world of journalism. They said that now they have a fair idea about what really goes on behind the scenes during making of a newspaper.\"Before Buzz, I never thought of a career in journalism. But this has opened a new career option for me,\" said Nikhar Bhanot, a student editor. Agreeing with this, Shazia Khan, a parent, added that such initiatives helped students explore and know about career opportunities in media.\"I realized the extent of hard work which is put behind making a newspaper. It was an eye opening experience,\" said Aditya Chellam, one of the student editors. The parents also said that the children's stint with Buzz had helped them explore their creative sides which the parents themselves didn't know about.\"They have worked very creatively and that comes as a pleasant surprise. I never knew this side of my daughter. Buzz has helped them explore and show their creativity,\" said Mannu Bhanot, father of another student editor, Nikhar.For Udit Mudliar, working for Buzz was a lesson in team work and coordination. Adding further, Aditi Upadhye said, \"It was an amazing experience and we learnt how to write better. And it was a proud moment for us to show the page to our friends and tell them that we were its editors.\"Anuradha Sardeshpande, coordinator of the page for Modern School, said that it was a pleasure to watch the children work so enthusiastically. \"They also got to learn a lot. Team work and the proper way of penning down their thoughts being a few of them,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14619908", "title": "Another death near Mavallipura landfill", "text": "BANGALORE: On Monday, residents of Kurubanahalli village, 1km from the Mavallipura landfill about 20km north of Bangalore, mourned the death of Ramanajappa K, 40, due to renal failure, the second such death in this area. They also voiced their anger at BBMP and a private firm allegedly running the unscientific garbage landfill.At the landfill, a pack of stray dogs drawn to the garbage attacked a flock of sheep on Monday. \"At 2pm, we found that over 15 sheep and lambs were killed and their carcasses consumed by ferocious stray dogs which also bit farmers who tried to save their livestock,\" Srinivas R of Mavallipura told TOI.\"The deaths are no doubt due to the landfill. It's BBMP and the private agency in-charge of the landfill are culpable. We, the members of Environment Support Group, will visit the village on Tuesday to collect water samples for testing,\" said environmentalist Leo F Saldanha.A couple of weeks ago, Muniraju, 35, died in Mavallipura due to kidney failure. As there was family history of such chronic diseases, villagers have blamed the landfill on 40 acres for his death.Narayanappa, another villager who succumbed to asthma two weeks ago, was another victim. His land abuts and downstream of the landfill. He suffered heavy contamination due to periodic and illegal release of leachate (toxic sludge), allege residents of Mavallipura. Leachate, an end-product of the garbage processing unit contains arsenic and cadmium, toxic components which are kept open and leading to ecological imbalance.Ravi Kumar, a 28-year-old coolie from Mavallipura, is undergoing dialysis in a Bangalore hospital. \"His marriage has been finalized recently. He has kidney problems and we're sure the incidence of kidney failure is due to unscientific garbage disposal at the landfill. Our ground water is polluted and a BBMP test BBMP last year proved it. The mayor has promised to inspect the landfill this week,\" said M Ramesh, village panchayat member, Mavallipura.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14637686", "title": "Fake notes worth Rs 1.82 lakh seized, two held", "text": "NASHIK: Two youths were arrested and fake notes worth Rs 1.82 lakh recovered from their possession at Peint near Hutatma Smarak here, police said on Tuesday.Police intercepted two youths hailing from Nashik - Damu Mahadu Kadale (32) and Khandu Pite (28) - on Friday and seized 1,821 fake currency notes, all in the denomination of 100.While conducting a checking of vehicles, police found the two men walking in a suspicious manner and intercepted them.On search, police seized a plastic bag from them containing the fake notes, allegedly printed by them through a computer, they added.Investigation into matter was on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14626352", "title": "Chemists, medical representatives protest Food and Drugs Administration action against them", "text": "NAGPUR: The ongoing drive by Food and Drugs Administration (FDA) to check illegal sale of abortion pills and kits by druggists and medical representatives (MRs), to help curb sex determination, has generated turmoil among all stake holders in the medicine industry. Medicines wholesalers as well as retailers kept their shops closed on Monday. The medicine shops will reopen on Tuesday, but the wholesalers have not decided about reopening for business as yet.The FDA justified its drive, claiming that it is only acting against druggists, mainly wholesalers, and MRs involved in illegal sale of drugs to doctors. However, the MRs and pharmacists are accusing the FDA of wrongly implicating them. FDA officials claim that action is being taken against only the MRs involved on a personal level in the sale of the drug. Some MRs have been accused of procuring drugs from wholesalers or retailers against prescription by doctors but not delivering it to the doctor. Also, some doctors denied having ordered the medicine purchased in their name.FDA joint commissioner (drugs) Ashok Giri told reporters action was taken against MRs and druggists who had produced bogus bills. \"The job of MR is promotion of a medicine or drug, not selling it directly to the doctor or sourcing it from the wholesaler. We only check if the medicine has been brought by the MR illegally. If wholesaler makes a bill in the name of a particular doctor, the medicine should go to him and not to another doctor,\" he said.Giri clarified that the FDA was not harassing anyone, and was restricting action only to wholesalers caught violating rules. He objected to the demonstration by association of MRs and druggists here. There have been no protests in other cities, though FDA filed FIR against 21 wholesalers across the state till June 26, he said. \"The action in Nagpur on June 27 was against wholesalers and MRs who could not produce proper documents. There are over 3,000 retailers and 1,427 wholesalers in the city and FDA took action against just one wholesaler in city and one in Kamptee,\" he said.Maharashtra State Medical Representative Association (MSMRA) president Dilip Deshpande says the FDA was harassing MRs not involved in the issue, and said drug companies need to be hauled up. Spokesperson Manisha Patre said the abortion kit could be used only till six weeks of pregnancy (when the sex of child cannot be known), so misuse is not possible.Nagpur Obstetrics and Gynaecological Society (NOGS) president Dr Ankita Kothe also confirmed that this kit is used only for medical termination of pregnancy till seven weeks of pregnancy, during which sex cannot be determined. So question of misuse of the kit by gynaecologists does not arise, she said.Nagpur District Chemists and Druggists Association (NDCDA) president Ravi Goyal said they sell medicine only on doctors' prescription with their registration number and signature, but if they back away from these, it was not the sellers' fault. \"FDA has no right to lodge a FIR against druggists under the Drugs and Cosmetics Act. We would not even object if the FDA cancels licenses based on its findings. But involving police and treating wholesalers at par with criminals, and bringing them to court in handcuffs is wrong,\" he said.President of Maharashtra State Chemists and Druggists Association (MSCDA) Mukund Dubey too supports NCDCA's stand. He also says doctors should not prescribe medicines through MRs. \"We are protesting against the FDA because the police custody of wholesalers and MRs has been extended to five days instead of one day all over the state and horrible treatment was meted out to them,\" he said.Dubey dared the FDA to check advertisement of abortion pills by government agencies, and the procurement of kits worth Rs8 crore by the government hospitals. \"Can't government doctors misuse it?\" he asked.HOW ABORTION KIT WORKSThe abortion pills kit has two sets of medicine, mifepristone and misoprostol. The first medicine is given to initiate the abortion and the second half is used to complete the abortion.Ideally, the first medicine, mifepristone, is used only till seven weeks or until 63 days of pregnancy. It blocks the hormone progesterone needed to maintain the pregnancy. Because this hormone is blocked, the uterine lining begins to shed, the cervix begins to soften and bleeding may occur.But second medicine or misoprostol is specifically used for contracting the uterus and expelling the pregnancy.POSSIBILITY OF MISUSE* Though most gynaecologists say the kit is used in 1-7 weeks of pregnancy for abortion, the drug is also used by them during delivery to induce labour pain and prevent heavy bleeding after it* It is illegal for doctors to use it for MTP after 13-14 weeks of pregnancy* As per MTP act, the kit can also be used for MTP after 13-14 weeks in case the mother's life is at stake or the baby's growth is unhealthyMEDICAL CONSEQUENCES OF MISUSE* In case the woman takes self medication or the medicine is misused by doctors, the chances of incomplete abortion and excessive bleeding, which could even lead to death, infections and infertility, are very high.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14625161", "title": "Skoda puts vice chancellor into trouble as govt orders probe", "text": "NAGPUR: Taking a serious cognizance of various TOI reports on how Nagpur University vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal allegedly flouted all norms by purchasing a luxury sedan, Maharashtra chief secretary has directed the state higher and technical education ministry to conduct thorough probe into the case and submit the report at the earliest, sources informed.Even senior senate member Dhananjay Mandlekar had registered a complaint with chancellor K Sankaranarayanan who in turn had told the director for higher education to initiate the probe. NU PRO Prashant Mohite couldn't be contacted for comments.A letter by government officer VM Patil sent to Mandlekar, and in possession of TOI, also confirmed the development. It stated that an inquiry has been initiated after Mandlekar raised the issue with chancellor's office by dispatching a letter highlighting the extravagant expenditure by the VC. TOI was first to report the issue on April 14 and since then has been closely following its development.The newspaper exposed as to how Sapkal cleared purchase of vehicles worth Rs50 lakh for him and other officials, included Skoda Laura of Rs16 lakh, by using special powers granted to him on behalf of Management Council that. After TOI expose, Sapkal came under intense criticism for splurging money on luxury vehicles while NU was undergoing severe financial crunch and had no funds for repairing the dilapidated hostels, purchasing generators and new equipment in the for NU laboratories.Absence of power backup facilities had resulted into embarrassment for the university more than once. Apart from the delay in conducting the PhD entrance test (PET), power failure during the senate meeting, attended by MLA's like Devendra Fadnavis and SQ Zama, left NU red faced.NU's statutory members had also accused the university administration, led by Sapkal, of double standards pointing out towards purchase of luxury sedan. The Management Council members too criticized the VC. Even various students' organizations criticized him for splurging money on luxury vehicles while ignoring the students' needs. Sapkal initially offered to return the car but after company's refusal to refund the amount, the vehicle was delivered at VC's bungalow.This is not the first time when NU splurged on luxuries for its top bosses. Earlier in 2005, NU had purchased a Honda City for then VC SN Pathan for Rs8, 59,590 along with an ambassador for pro-VC GS Parasher for Rs5, 20,092. The NU spent and extra amount of Rs10,000 and Rs4,000 for getting VIP numbers for these two vehicles. As there was uproar, both then VC and pro-VC had offered to return the amount during senate meet, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14622093", "title": "3 years on, Ravet road still to be widened", "text": "PUNE: The widening of the important link road between Chinchwad and the fast-growing suburbs of Ravet has been delayed for the last three years due to problems of land acquisition. The Pimpri Chinchwad New Township Development Authority (PCNTDA) has now taken a decision to widen only part of the 4.5 km stretch.Yogesh Mhase, chief executive office, PCNTDA, said the total length of the road is 4.5 km. The authority had begun the work of widening this road three years back. \"We need land from the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation and the Maharashtra Industries Development Corporation to complete the widening work. We do not have the required land, because of which the work is incomplete.\"The PCNTDA executive committee has now decided to widen only 2.25 km stretch of the road where the land is in possession, Mhase said.The 4.5 km stretch from Chinchwadgaon old octroi post to Ravet is an important road which passes through the areas of Chinchwad, Akurdi and Ravet. The link road provides connectivity to areas like Punawale and Katraj-Dehu Road bypass and further to Pune-Mumbai expressway and old Pune-Mumbai highway.V K Patil, executive engineer, PCNTDA, said, \"The authority wants to widen this road to 34.5 metre and make it four-lane. One of the major problems in widening is shifting of the MIDC water pipeline that passes near the Chinchwadgaon old octroi post chowk. The other problem is getting land from PCMC for widening the road from Akurdi municipal school to the chowk in Ravet. We have paid money to the MIDC for the shifting work and they have assured to complete the work in one year. The PCMC has also assured us to give the land needed for the widening work in one year's time. So, the widening work at these two areas will begin after a year, and one more year will be needed to complete it.\"He added: \"The contractor was supposed to complete the widening work in February 2012 but did not. So, the PCNTDA is charging a fine of Rs 100 per day for the delay. The total cost of the project was expected to be Rs 24 crore when the work order was given two year's back. However, only Rs 1.6 crore has been spent on the road till now.\"Arun Tambe, a resident of Chinchwad, said, \"This is an important road linking Chinchwad to the Katraj-Dehu Road bypass and old Pune-Mumbai highway and the expressway. So there is heavy traffic, on this road which necessitates the need for widening the road. The PCNTDA should complete the road widening work as early as possible.\"Sangeeta Mane, a resident of Chinchwad, said, \"The road is heavily potholed near the old Chinchwadgaon octroi post, which must be repaired. The bottleneck near the chowk should be addressed too.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14619434", "title": "Relief for doctor running clinic from home", "text": "NEW DELHI: Running a clinic from one's residence can't be labelled a commercial activity, the Delhi high court has said, granting relief to a doctor who was facing trial for the offence.Justice Suresh Kait on Monday quashed a criminal case lodged against the doctor saying he wasn't liable to be prosecuted for running the clinic. HC also said that the clinic was in any case shut down many years ago. \"The professional establishment of a doctor cannot come within the definition of commercial activity....the word 'profession' used to be confined to the three learned professions; the Church, medicine and law. There is a fundamental distinction between professional activities and commercial activities,\" Justice Kait said.The doctor had challenged MCD's decision to file a case against him for running a clinic from his Rajouri Garden house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14625655", "title": "Two minor girls gang raped by five youths", "text": "NAGPUR: Two minors girls, aged 12 and 14, were allegedly gang raped by five youths in Swagat Nagar and Narsala on Sunday night. Police said that one of the rapists was the 14-year-old girl's boyfriend.Within an hour of the matter being reported to Hudkeshwar police station, cops arrested the victim's lover Pankaj Budbawre (22) along with his friends Prashant Jogdand (24), Chhagan Shirvas (30), Bhushan Jawre (21), all residents of Swagat Nagar in Narsala, and Sanjay Sontakke (23), a resident of Sharda Nagar.\"The girls had gone to meet Pankaj. But he and his friends raped the girls,\" said Hudkeshwar police.The 12-year-old victim, Pranali (name changed) is a Std V student while 14-year-old Rupali (name changed) is Std V dropout. The girls live in the same locality and are good friends.Police said that Rupali left home around 7pm informing her mother that she was going to a tailor along with Pranali.The girls walked down to the tailor shop. Rupali then took Pranali to Pankaj's home. After half an hour, the girls left Pankaj's home. However, Pankaj followed them on his bike and said that he wanted to introduce them to his friends. As the girls agreed, Pankaj took them on his bike to Chhagan's residence.Police said that when the girls reached there, Chhagan and Bhushan were watching a porn film. While the girls were chatting with the boys, Chhagan called in his friends Sanjay and Prashant.As Chhagan's parents were not at home, the boys started misbehaving with the girls. When the girls resisted, the youths threatened them and raped them. Pranali told police that she fell unconscious after the first youth forced himself upon her. She was not in her senses for long.Meanwhile, the victims' worried parents started searching for them and finally approached the Hudkeshwar police station to file a missing persons complaint. Later, Pranali's parents found the girls near a grocery shop and alerted the cops who brought them to the police station.After interrogation, the girls finally narrated the incident. Police are trying to clear the inconsistent statements given by the girls.Both the girls were in a bad shape and were rushed to the Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH). Medical test confirmed that the girls were raped and a case was registered.DCP Zone IV Chandrashekar Mina said that one of the accused is married. \"None of the accused belongs to a good family. Some of the accused are into painting business while one owns a tea kiosk and another a pan kiosk,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14620228", "title": "Test reports to be out soon in the rape case involving French diplomat", "text": "BANGALORE: The test results of swab, blood and other samples in the rape case involving French diplomat Pascal Mazurier have been delayed as experts are having a tough time in extracting DNA from the samples, said sources in the government-run DNA laboratory, Koramangala.The first set of results will be dispatched in 2-3 days to the city police, sources added.Over 25 days have elapsed since nine samples were sent to the laboratory and police are awaiting results to proceed with filing a chargesheet in the case. Tests on some samples are over.Mazurier's wife Suja Jones has accused her husband of raping their four-year-old daughter. Senior police officers confirmed that investigations were in the final stages and they are awaiting DNA test results before filing the chargesheet.Lab officials said they were testing the swab and other samples collected and cross verifying the same with Pascal's blood sample.\"We want to be sure about the results. So we are double-checking some conclusions,'' an official said on condition of anonymity.Lab officials ruled out tampering of evidence, stating that their processes were tamper-proof. \"Most technicians would not even know what samples they are dealing with as they will be coded,\" an official said.A senior police officer said that DNA tests would provide clinching evidence but the child's statements too would be crucial evidence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "tiruvannamalai", "code": "14621884", "title": "Social activist K Rajmohan Chandra killed in Tiruvannamalai", "text": "TIRUVANNAMALAI: A social activist, who had filed several cases against politicians and businessmen, was hacked to death by a gang in Tiruvannamalai on Monday.Police said K Rajmohan Chandra, 53, a resident of Rajiv Gandhi Nagar in Tiruvannamalai, was returning home on his bike on Monday morning after buying milk for his pets.When he crossed Singamuga Theertha Kulam on the Girivalam path, an armed gang of seven to eight people, which was hiding behind a bush, waylaid him and one of the gang members threw chilli powder on his face. Chandra lost his balance and fell down. The gang members attacked him with sharp weapons, inflicting severe cuts on his head and limbs, and fled the spot. He died in a pool of blood.Inquiries revealed that the activist used to claim that he received death threats frequently after he filed public interest litigations and petitions against judicial magistrates, politicians and policemen accusing them of corruption. Police have detained five people for interrogation after the activist's wife Mini said that she suspected the involvement of a councilor from the same locality.District crime branch deputy superintendent of police C Ravichandiran said four special teams have been formed to nab the assailants. \"We have detained five people on suspicion. The councilor accused by the wife of the deceased activist has absconded. We are probing the case from all angles,\" he said.Meanwhile, two people, identified as D Murugan, 32, from Vadaandapattu and M Chandrasekar, 29, a Sri Lankan Tamil staying in a refuge camp near Thenpallipattu, surrendered before Polur judicial magistrate in connection with the murder. The magistrate remanded the two in judicial custody. Police are planning to take them into their custody for detailed interrogation. Police also suspect that the deceased under the pretext of working for a social cause might have extorted money from public figures.A police team visited the spot and made preliminary inquiries. A sniffer dog was pressed into service and forensic experts combed the crime scene for vital clues and fingerprints.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14632545", "title": "Sharman Joshi in legal trouble over old film", "text": "On June 27, TOI had told you Sharman Joshi is miffed with the makers of 3 Bachelors, a film starring him that had been lying in the cans for the last nine to ten years, for suddenly deciding to release it on July 6, piggybacking the success of the actor's latest release Ferrari Ki Sawaari.At the time, Sharman had made his displeasure amply clear saying, \"This smells of sheer opportunism. While I have nothing against the makers of 3 Bachelors, the fact that they have suddenly woken up now, bothers me. Ferrari Ki Sawaari has created an audience goodwill and to capitalise on its success in this manner is not right. The audience should not get an impression that this is my recent film.\"But now, the actor is paying for his outburst, as we've learnt. Producers Pramod Sharma and Manoj Rastogi have filed a petition against Sharman. Rastogi confirmed the development saying, \"We sent him a legal notice to which he did not respond. We then filed a petition in Dindoshi Court. Despite all this, he is maintaining silence. Add to this the fact that he is not even promoting my film.\"Asked for details, Rastogi blew his fuse: \"Is Sharman Joshi a guardian of morality? Is he supposed to take decisions on when I have to release my film and when I have to hold it back?\" He went on: \"What is wrong with Sharman? We have paid him fully. I could have understood his blabber talk if he hadn't been paid. This is just not done. He has no right to speak against the producers and the film. At the end of the day, think of it, it's his film as well.\"Later, he calmed down a bit: \"We don't want to torture Sharman. We just want to teach him a lesson. We are too shocked to speak anymore. Initially we thought that we would let his outburst pass but we just couldn't sleep over it. What he has done is simply not justified. He should at least call up and come over for dinner and sort this out. We are ready to forgive him then.\"While Sharman refrained from comment, his spokesperson called to say, \"Sharman does not want to talk about this at all.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14621683", "title": "Central Information Commission move for transparency", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Central Information Commission has asked the Union government to ensure that cabinet notes on all proposals for new bills are made public.The order, which will be binding on the Centre and all state governments, may provide information on the differing opinions aired by bureaucrats and ministers during the framing of a proposed bill.The central information commissioner (CIC), Shailesh Gandhi, was passing an order on a Right to information (RTI) appeal against Department of Atomic Energy (DAE), which denied information on cabinet notes related to nuclear safety regulatory authority bill, 2011.The CIC said there was a larger public interest in disclosing cabinet notes on any new bill in Parliament.It is obvious that if citizens knew the contents of the cabinet note based on which Parliament proposed to enact a law, it would lead to better and meaningful democracy and enactments of laws which would indeed serve people's needs,'' Gandhi said. The commission then directed DAE to display the cabinet note on its website before July 20.The DAE had earlier denied a photocopy of the cabinet note prepared by the DAE seeking approval of the Union cabinet for introducing the nuclear safety regulatory authority bill, 2011, to Venkatash Nayak, an RTI applicant. The public information officer (PIO) of DAE denied the information under section 8 (1) of RTI Act maintaining that the matter is incomplete till the bill is enacted, duly gazetted, and a notification issued. Naik's first appeal, stating that that the bill was complete as the date of the bill clearly mentions that it was already tabled in the Parliament, was also rejected forcing him to approach the CIC straight.CIC Shailesh Gandhi said once the decision is taken by the cabinet to table the bill in Parliament, the matter is complete as far as the cabinet is concerned. The exemption claimed by the PIO under section 8 of the RTI act cannot be upheld.\"The PIO has not given any valid reason to show that any harm could come to any protected interest,'' the CIC said. \"All cabinet notes related to proposals for bills should be tabled in the Parliament and displayed on the website of the department within seven days of tabling the bill in the Parliament,'' the CIC order said. The Central Information Commission has asked the Union government to ensure that cabinet notes on all proposals for new bills are made public.The order, which will be binding on the Centre and all state governments, may provide information on the differing opinions aired by bureaucrats and ministers during the framing of a proposed bill.The central information commissioner (CIC), Shailesh Gandhi, was passing an order on a Right to information (RTI) appeal against Department of Atomic Energy (DAE), which denied information on cabinet notes related to nuclear safety regulatory authority bill, 2011.The CIC said there was a larger public interest in disclosing cabinet notes regarding introducing any new bill in Parliament after the cabinet has taken a decision to table such a bill.It is obvious that if citizens knew the contents of the cabinet note based on which Parliament proposed to enact a law, it would lead to better and meaningful democracy and enactments of laws which would indeed serve people's needs,'' Gandhi said. The commission then directed DAE to display the cabinet note on its website before July 20.The DAE had earlier denied a photocopy of the cabinet note prepared by the DAE seeking approval of the Union cabinet for introducing the nuclear safety regulatory authority bill, 2011, to Venkatash Nayak, an RTI applicant. The public information officer (PIO) of DAE denied the information under section 8 (1) of RTI Act maintaining that the matter is incomplete till the bill is enacted, duly gazetted, and a notification issued.Naik's first appeal, stating that that the bill was complete as the date of the bill clearly mentions that it was already tabled in the Parliament, was also rejected forcing him to approach the CIC straight.CIC Shailesh Gandhi said once the decision is taken by the cabinet to table the bill in Parliament, the matter is complete as far as the cabinet is concerned. The exemption claimed by the PIO under section 8 of the RTI act cannot be upheld.\"The PIO has not given any valid reason to show that any harm could come to any protected interest,'' the CIC said.\"All cabinet notes related to proposals for new bills should be tabled in the Parliament and displayed on the website of the department within seven days of tabling the bill in the Parliament,'' the CIC order said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "14623523", "title": "Brother-in-law held for acid attack on woman", "text": "Belgaum: Six months after the acid attack, which ruined a woman's face completely, Belgaum police on Monday arrested the accused.The arrested Maruti Siddappa Gangannavar, 36, of Hulikavi in Belgaum taluk is the brother-in-law of the victim, Jayashri Bandiwaddar. Jayashri, whose eyes, nose and ears were damaged in the attack, is undergoing treatment at the BIMS Hospital.As the victim refused to register a police complaint fearing attack on her two children, police registered a suo motu complaint last week and expedited the investigation.Jayashri's second husband Dyamappa, an HIV-affected, died three years ago. After Dyamappa's death, Maruti was looking after Jayashri's family also. Police said Maruti and Jayashri were having an affair.However, differences cropped up between them and the relationship ended on a sour note with Maruti attacking her with acid on January 25, 2012. Maruti, who knocked at Jayashri's rented house in the wee hours on the fateful day, splashed acid on her face when she opened the door and fled.Jayashri was the only earning member of the family. Her 16-year-old daughter and 11-year-old son became homeless after Jayashri was hospitalized. TOI on June 21 (Acid attack leaves victim, kids homeless) published a detailed report about this gruesome incident and the plight of this family.SP Sandeep Patil said the accused confessed to the crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14620617", "title": "Budding cricketers make their presence felt", "text": "LUDHIANA: The third day of an under-22 inter-district match between teams Ludhiana and Patiala saw the local talent shine. A day after Ludhiana's Akhil Aggarwal hit a ton, his teammate Nikhil Chaudhary scored a century against Patiala. Home team's left-arm spinner Sukhjinder Singh and wicketkeeper Gitansh Khera also impressed everyone with their game.After hitting a century in Ludhiana's second inning, Nikhil, a resident of Resident of Sector, 32, Chandigarh Road, said his team was in a strong position.The budding player, who is aiming for a place in the Indian cricket team, said he was fully determined to achieve that.The 16-year-old started playing cricket four years ago at Arya College under coach Charanjeet Singh. Apart from being a right-handed batsman, Nikhil is a promising off-spinner and also makes it a point to groom his bowling skills. A student of Class XI at KVM School, Civil Lines, Nikhil said this is his second season playing in under-22 tournament. \"I admire the batting of Virat Kohli and he is known for his fast game. I want to the first find a place in the state Ranji team,\" the teenager said.Left-arm spinner Sukhjinder is another city youngster who is hopeful of finding a place in the national squad. The 18-year-old took four wickets in this match, sending key opponents packing. The youngster has claimed 21 wickets so far in the tournament and is a fan of New Zealander Daniel Vettori . Sukhjinder was 11 when he started playing the game at Arya College.Gitansh, who is 21, has been practicing his game since he was 10. At the age of 19, he made it to the Ranji team. This wicketkeeper and right-handed batsman started his Ranji career under the captaincy of Yuvraj Singh and also played under Harbhajan Singh in 2011.A fan of former Australian wicketkeeper, Adam Gilchrist , and Indian batsman Rahul Dravid , Gitansh said was the lead scorer in 2010-2011 and 2011-2012 seasons of under-22 district tournament. A resident of Kitchlu Nagar, this young wicketkeeper is confident of Ludhiana's chances in the tournament.Last Day TodayOn the third day of the Ludhiana-Patiala match in under-22 inter-district tournament at PAU cricket ground, Patiala got all out at 278 runs. Ludhiana declared their second inning at 316 runs. Tuesday, the last day of the match, will see Patiala play their second innings", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14617135", "title": "Police report to SHRC on security to Chandrabala", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Cyberabad and Hyderabad police submitted a report on Monday to the State Human Rights Commission in response to a petition filed by Vasireddy Chandrabala on June 22, who had accused YSR Congress of defaming her. In their response, the police said that she had been provided adequate security.Chandrabala's mobile number had appeared frequently in the leaked call list of joint direct of CBI V V Lakshminarayana, which was highlighted in the media following which she had moved the SHRC. As ordered by the commission, the report was submitted by the police commissioner of Hyderabad in which he said that the separate cases filed by Chandrabala and CBI joint director Lakshminarayana were still under investigation and both the cases had been transferred to the Central Crime Station ( CCS), Hyderabad on June 29. Based on the preliminary enquiries, it was also mentioned in the report that Chandrabala knew Lakshmirayana since he was a classmate and a family friend.Since Chandrabala had sought protection in her petition to the commission, the Cyberabad police also submitted a report on the measures they had taken in this regard since her residence falls under their limits. According to the report, the Cyberabad police had posted a police constable and home guard at the house of the petitioner from June 22 till June 30, providing her round-the-clock protection. It was mentioned that based on Chandrabala's request, the security was withdrawn after June 30 and she was provided with the contact phone numbers of the police officers concerned so as to seek help in case of any eventuality.The commission has further ordered the city police commissioner to submit a follow up report by August 6 on the progress of the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14625520", "title": "\u2018UK teen girls heaviest drinkers\u2019", "text": "LONDON: It's now official: Teenage girls in the UK are the biggest binge drinkers in Europe, an official report has revealed.The UK department of health report, based on the European School Survey project of 2007, showed that 55% of girls in Britain consumed five or more drinks at least once a month.The figure makes them the most likely to binge drink in Europe, followed by those in Portugal, Malta and Estonia. The report also showed that binge drinking among British boys is also high at 52%, but this is surpassed by 62% in Malta, and 60% in Latvia.On an average, British teenagers are the fifth most likely in Europe to admit binge drinking, the Daily Mail reported.The department of health has now submitted the report to a Commons committee inquiry, warning that young adults who drink to excess are more likely to be involved in crime. The report said: \"The UK is consistently in the top five European countries for binge drinking and drunkenness among school children.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "14637751", "title": "Mughal Road Rally: Navigator dies", "text": "SRINAGAR: The death toll in the car crash during the Mughal Road rally on Tuesday rose to two as the navigator of the vehicle, Ashish Mahajan, succumbed to injuries at a hospital.Mahajan, who was admitted to the intensive care unit of the Sher-i-Kashmir Institute of Medical Sciences Hospital following the crash on Sunday, died Tuesday morning, an official of the disaster management cell said.Mahajan had suffered grievous internal injuries in the crash at Simthan in Anantnag district and was on life support system at the hospital.Jitender Shukla, the driver of the vehicle, was killed on the spot on the last leg of the Mughal Road rally when their vehicle rolled into a deep gorge at Simthan.The rally ended on Monday. 93 teams, including Kashmir's first motorsport team, Baba Reshi Lions, participated.Amit Rajit Ghosh and Mohit Verma won the third edition of Mughal Road rally in 4x4 Xtreme four-wheelers and Xtreme bikers categories, respectively.As a mark of respect to Shukla, the prize distribution ceremony of the rally was called off on Monday.The 600-kilometre long rally passes through the historic Mughal road that was once traversed by the caravans of Mughal emperors to reach Kashmir.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "14624377", "title": "65-yr-old woman ends life in Ponda", "text": "PONDA: Unable to bear pain due to prolonged illness, Rekha Maheshwar Kamat, 65, a woman from Shantinagar-Ponda, committed suicide on Monday by hanging herself from a fan in her home. The police have found a suicide note.Police sources said that her maid, who had come to prepare breakfast for the deceased, found the woman hanging from the fan with the help of a saree on Monday morning. Her husband passed away and the woman was living alone in the house as she had no children, police said.\"I am fed up with life and am committing suicide,\" read the suicide note in Marathi language. The woman was suffering from tuberculosis (TB) for a long time, police revealed adding that she could have ended her life as she could not bear pain. The police have preserved the body in the mortuary of Goa medical college (GMC) and hospital at Bambolim for an autopsy to be conducted on Tuesday. A case of 'unnatural death' has been registered by the Ponda police .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14624944", "title": "Liji murder case: Suspect in custody", "text": "Thiruvananthapuram: After weeks of ambiguity, the Varkala police on Monday recorded the arrest of the man suspected to be behind the murder of Liji, who was killed during a molestation bid. The police identified the accused as Biju (34), a close relative of the victim.The police said that Biju was the husband of the daughter of the elder sister of Liji's mother. He was attracted towards Liji and had made several advances towards her in the past. The spurning of the advances had infuriated him.Biju often stalked the victim and she had complained about this to her family and friends. But the family tried to hush up the matter so as not to blemish the reputation of the family.Biju attacked Liji on June 15 and she succumbed to her injuries on June 24. The accused was produced before the court and later remanded in judicial custody.The police kept the progress of the investigations a secret so that Biju did not, know that the suspicion was on him. \"What was interesting was that the accused continued to visit the victim in hospital and provided help to her family. He also cooperated with the police investigation at every stage,\" said Thiruvananthapuram rural SP, A J Thomas Kutty.The police started suspecting Biju after Liji's mother gave contradicting statements regarding a telephone call she received on Liji's mobile phone after she was hospitalized. Though she first said that she had received a call from an unidentified caller enquiring about the health of the victim, she later said that the caller was the husband of one of Liji's colleagues. But the call records of the phone revealed that the caller was Biju.Following this, the police decided to monitor his moves. They found that Biju, who was a construction worker, had not been regular at work following the incident. The police also found that he had taken to alcohol after Liji's death. The fact that he was an accused in several criminal cases, including two murder cases, also helped the cops in their probe.The investigation was led by Attingal DySP P K Prasanth and Varkala circle inspector S Shaji.The police said that Biju was the husband of the daughter of the elder sister of Liji's mother. He was attracted towards Liji and had made several advances towards her in the past. The spurning of the advances had infuriated him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14637552", "title": "Child artist Darsheel Safari charms audiences in Bhopal", "text": "BHOPAL: After having wowed audiences across the country, child artist Darsheel Safari showcased his dancing skills in Bhopal . The child artist shot to fame post role of portrayal of a dyslexic child in the Taare Zameen Par (2007).Nurturing his passion for dance and song, Safari, now a student of class tenth is taking reality television seriously. \"I am being judged by a panel of three titans (Madhuri Dixit, Remo D'souza and Karan Johar ),\" said the teenager.Having picked up different dance forms like salsa, samba, bollywood and freestyle, Safari he says disco dancer Mithun Chakraborty is the best. \"I want to dazzle the audiences and continue to fight the Jhalak dance challenge week-on-week. I had never imagined that I would be their first-ever child artist on the show,\" he saidHowever his power performances , do not satisfy his parents. Safari preparing for board examinations (later this year) is on their priority list. \"I understand that being a part of the film industry requires actors to know how to dance and sing etc. But I have promised myself and parents to exceed in my examinations,\" said Safari.Readying for his next performance being a power-packed samba, the child artist did concede he forgot to carry his school bag, this time round.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14620684", "title": "Left protests price rise, stages walkout", "text": "KOLKATA: Legislators of the opposition party in state assembly on Monday staged a walkout in protest against the increase in prices of essential commodities. They carried empty paper plates with slogans written on them, placards and vegetables and held a demonstration on the floor of the House.Left Front members tried to press an adjournment motion on the subject of price rise. When the speaker disallowed a discussion, members of the opposition raised slogans and walked out. The placards and other slogans were directed against the chief minister. Left leaders said Mamata Banerjee's visits to markets to control prices were ineffective and were aimed at playing to the gallery.Addressing the media, opposition leader Surjya Kanta Mishra said price rise was a serious issue which should have been discussed in the assembly. \"We have not moved adjournment motions at the drop of a hat. It was done only on serious issues. No minister has so far made any statement in the assembly on the issue of prices of essentials. Actually, the government is trying to avoid this topic.\" Mishra said prices of many commodities were increasing for which the state government could be held solely responsible. There were other commodities in which the Centre had a role, but the ruling party, being a partner in the ruling coalition in Delhi, could not deny its responsibilities for these either. tnnHe said the state government had not implemented the Essential Commodities Act to control prices.\"Cold storages are full of potatoes, but potato prices were increasing in the market. The farmers are not getting the benefit of high price either, the middlemen are reaping the benefit. Has the government held any meeting with cold storage owners,\" Misra asked.Chilly is burning a hole in the pocket, but is still not hot enough, opposition leader in West Bengal assembly Surya Kanta Misra lamented on Monday in a news conference. \"Green chilly is selling for Rs 120 to Rs 150 in the open market. But even chilly selling at such high prices is lacking the kick. Only those who are connoisseurs of chilly will know the plight,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14622858", "title": "Marital rows valid for leaving wife out of will: HC", "text": "MUMBAI: Four years after 52-year-old Andheri resident Mahendra Shah died, the Bombay high court has held that his marital disputes could be reason enough for him to leave his wife out of the will. Justice Roshan Dalvi dismissed a plea by Harsha Gutka-Shah that her husband's will had been forged and upheld the document that left Mahendra's property to his sisters.\"The fact that the parties (Shah and his wife) had disputes cannot be disputed,\" said Justice Dalvi. \"Under those circumstances he could make a will largely in favour of his elder sister and partly in favour of all three sisters. His elder sister lived with him during his entire life. He had married late. His marriage was not happy. His elder sister must have surely been his moral support. The will is, therefore, genuine.\"The judge said that there was no proof that Shah had executed the will under duress as alleged by his estranged wife. \"It is difficult to forge as many as nine signatures,\" said the court.\"The evidence shows the deceased was in a situation to execute his will as he did. Its forgery is not proved and neither is the duress practised upon the deceased by any of his sisters who are the beneficiaries under the will.\" One of his sisters who had filed a petition seeking probate of the will alleged that her brother had died of \"tension\".Shah had married Harsha, a divorcee, when he was around 45 years old. Their relationship lasted barely a year before she moved out of her matrimonial home to her parent's house in Matunga. In 2007, Harsha filed a petition for restitution of conjugal rights, even as Shah sought a divorce alleging cruelty and desertion. She had sought maintenance and also filed criminal complaints against her husband and his elder sister Amrut.Shah died at the age of 52 in August 2008, a year after writing his will. In the will, a computer printout running into 9 pages, Mahendra said that he did not wish to give any property to his wife Harsha. He wanted his moveable and immoveable properties to go to his elder sister Amrut who lived with him and some properties to his two other sisters. The will expressed his gratitude towards his sisters and said that he was what he was because of his eldest sister who lived with him.While one of Shah's married sisters, Madhu, moved the court for probating the will, Harsha filed a petition claiming that the will was forged and made under duress. She alleged that Shah was ill and was not in a proper frame of mind to execute the will. She also claimed that the signatures on the will and a leave-and-licence agreement were not of her late husband's. The court however pointed out that Harsha had relied on the same leave-and-licence agreement to seek maintenance. \"The reading of the entire evidence shows that he (Mahendra Shah) was a good candidate for making his will,'' said the judge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14620163", "title": "Where is forensic report in BMW hit-and-run case?", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Even after a month of getting the blood samples, collected from the BMW car and drawn from Suraj Sehrawat, the accused in the hit-and-run case, Madhuban-based forensic science laboratory (FSL) has not been able to come out with the report.The blood samples collected from the accident scene and taken from Suraj were sent to the FSL to confirm the presence of the accused in the BMW on June 1 and the report was expected in a week's time.August 1 is the next date of hearing in the case. FSL officials said that they would release the report next week. \"Our lab technician is expected to be back from Hyderabad any time now and we are hopeful of releasing the report latest by next week,\" said FSL officials.It's been around two months since the BMW allegedly driven by Suraj Sehrawat killed a three-month-pregnant Kshama Chopra but Haryana police have failed to make any headway. Besides blood stains collected from the BMW car and samples drawn from Suraj, FSL has also received the samples of metallic pieces of the BMW car and the car belonging to victims for further confirmation of collision.\"We are also examining impressions of paint marks on vehicles involved in the incident,\" an official said. The accident had occurred on May 5 when a BMW allegedly being driven by Gurgaon Sector 14 resident Suraj Sehrawat killed a three-month pregnant Kshama and the car driver seriously injuring Kshama's family members.Sehrawat's family as well as Haryana police had made the foiled attempts to shield Suraj but was later arrested by Gurgaon police in a case of rash and negligent driving causing death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14620300", "title": "Notice to Deve Gowda on NICE complaint", "text": "BANGALORE: The VIII Additional City Civil court on Monday issued emergent notice to former Prime Minister and JD(S) supremo HD Deve Gowda in a defamation suit filed by NICE Ltd seeking Rs 10 crore as damages. Judge KN Ninge Gowda posted Deve Gowda's appearance/ reply to July 21.NICE Ltd said it filed the complaint against HD Deve Gowda for making false and derogatory allegations against the company, its managing director Ashok Kheny and its employees at various forums and specifically on a TV programme, which has led to irreparable loss of reputation and agony. It further claimed this has directly resulted in delay in implementation of BMIC project and NICE Ltd has incurred financial losses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14620999", "title": "A lesson in grit, serving others", "text": "LUDHIANA: While the doctors in the city observed Doctor's Day, 52-year-old Dr Sandeep Singh Bakshi, a radiologist in city who was diagnosed with throat cancer about a year back, continued doing his bit for the society while battling the disease.Dr Sandeep, who has done his MBBS from CMCH, MD in radiology from Rajindra Medical College in Patiala and MRI course from Mumbai, said, \"A year ago I was diagnosed with throat cancer. I shared the news with my sons, Amol, 21, and Sanjit, 18. My mother Harinder Kaur Bakshi took the news in a very mature manner and encouraged me to fight it. I went to Mumbai with my brother Mandeep and sister-in-law Ritu, where I underwent treatment for few months.\"Back home despite growing very weak, Dr Sandeep continued to do his job and serve people. \"During my career spanning more than 15 years, I have always tried to serve my patients in the best possible way. I even shell out money from my pocket to serve needy patients who can't afford the treatment.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14621191", "title": "Petition wants more ticketing clerks at suburban railway stations", "text": "CHENNAI: Highlighting the issue of serpentine queues of commuters waiting for tickets in suburban railway stations in Chennai and the severe shortage of ticketing clerks in booking offices, a public interest writ petition in the Madras high court has sought urgent steps to set right the problem.The PIL wanted the court to direct the railway administration to take urgent steps to fill up the vacancies and deploy enough ticketing personnel in suburban railway stations in the city.The first bench of the court, comprising Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam, before which the PIL filed by advocate S Sathya Chandran came up for admission on Monday, has asked the advocate to serve copies on the railway ministry, railway board and the general manager and chief commercial manager of Southern Railway.In his petition, Sathya Chandran contended that the already busy suburban railway network in Chennai registered a spurt in passenger traffic after the state government hiked the bus fares on November 17, 2011. In Tambaram alone, against the sale of 7.12 lakh tickets in November 2010, a total of 7.5 lakh tickets were sold in November 2011. The number rose to 8.37 lakh in December last. In January this year, the number went up to 8.71 lakh, the PIL said.The increase in demand for tickets has resulted in people queuing up in front of ticket counters braving the hot sun, it said, adding that only one counter worked in suburban stations, except in places like Egmore, Chennai Beach and Mambalam.Most of the automated ticket vending machines (ATVMs) at big stations were not in working condition and even those with smart cards were unable to use them, it said.Citing media reports, it said that though 136 new clerical posts had been sanctioned for these stations, the posts were still vacant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14624802", "title": "Perjury notice to IAS officer", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Controversial Haryana IAS officer Praveen Kumar, presently posted as administrator, Haryana Urban Development Authority ( HUDA), Gurgaon, may be in deep trouble for filing contrary affidavits and false information before the court.Justice K Kannan of Punjab and Haryana high court on Monday issued show cause notice to Kumar asking him why proceeding for perjury should not be initiated against him for 'misleading' the court. Justice Kannan has already termed Praveen Kumar's justification of slapping his peon as \"outlandish illustration\", in which Kumar had defended that his action of slapping the peon was like a \"surgeon tearing the abdomen of a patient to remove tumour\".The orders were made by Justice Kannan while hearing a petition filed against the officer by his peon Mukesh, whom Kumar had allegedly slapped. Importantly, in an open court Praveen Kumar had earlier conceded that he had twice slapped his peon with the purpose of reforming him and his action was like surgeon tearing the abdomen of a patient to remove a tumour.HC, however, did not intervene in the matter of peon's transfer but took exception to the contrary stands taken by Praveen Kumar before two benches of the HC. On the issue whether peon Mukesh was forcibly sent on leave, IAS officer in one of the affidavits had denied sending him on leave but before another bench he had stated that the peon was sent on leave since he was misbehaving. Now the case would come up for further hearing on July 26.Importantly, Kumar has been involved in a series of controversy. Earlier he had resorted to beating himself with his shoe to calm protestors during an anti-encroachment drive, a dramatic action that hit headlines. During his tenure as Faridabad DC, he had also cleaned a school toilet and carried a filled mud pan on his head.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "dona paula", "code": "14624942", "title": "Social media, a platform for debate", "text": "DONA PAULA: With a large section of the internet accessing population connected to various social media online, it seems like the social media is here to stay. Hence, with people's participation through social media increasing, the medium has given people a platform for debate and discourse.In this context, speakers at the seminar on 'Social media and its role in democracy' felt citizens need to use social media effectively as a tool for participation in democracy.The seminar, organised by the International Centre Goa in association with Media Information and Communication Centre of India (MIand Friedrich Ebert Stiftung - India (FES-India) saw the participation of over 100 students from various media colleges as well as informed citizens from various fields.Bevinda Colaco, editor of a news website, said \"social media is being increasingly used by politicians,\" and went on to list some prominent politicians who had opened social networking profiles before the polls.Colaco felt social media can influence policy decisions, and cited the NoMoZo concept as an example.Niraj Naik, founder of online directory Digital Goa, said \"the media has shown a ray of hope by exposing scams and scandals.\" This he felt has led to people's aspirations increasing. Naik said \"the social media is an emerging media and can play an important role in safeguarding democracy.\"\"It offers freedom and flexibility, but can be misused for personal scores,\" he cautioned.Naik felt there was a \"need for a customised social media solution for India\" as the present \"social media tools are created by Americans for their requirements.\" We must rope in every citizen, as the internet has provided a level playing field for all, he added.He felt the social media could be used as an interface between people and the government.Werner Souza, a mobile entrepreneur, felt people were mistaken in thinking social media is a new phenomenon. Souza said \"the tiatr and zagor -- the Konkani folk theatre -- have been around as a form of social media since 1892.\"He narrated instances when due to its fast reach, social media has been used in times of crisis such as during the 26/11 Mumbai terror attacks.Ameya Kamat, an IAC activist, felt \"democracy is limited to electoral politics.\" He called for e-democracy and suggested that referendums on various issues could be conducted online.Kamat said democracy today \"lacked participation, representation and accountability.\"While stating that electoral reforms have to come, he felt social media could play a role in bringing reform as it gives space for healthy and open debate.Social media censorship is negligible and it has a global reach, said Kamat.He felt chief minister Manohar Parrikar should make government departments accessible online.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14622047", "title": "E-learning, semi-English medium in civic schools for better quality", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) will prepare a plan to promote e-learning and a semi-English medium in PMC-run schools, municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak said on Monday, while speaking in the general body meeting.\"The number of students in Marathi medium schools is decreasing, thereby reducing the student strength in civic schools,\" Pathak said. As a result, the civic body has planned these steps to attract more students to civic schools and to improve the quality of education provided in these schools, he said.\"The PMC and the civic school board will take up an initiative to sharpen soft skills of teachers. An agency will be appointed to provide software and hardware as well as to conduct a training programme. If we decide to train teachers ourselves, three agencies will be required for the three aspects, which may cause coordination problems,\" he said.Corporators raised questions on the functioning of civic schools and demanded that action be taken against those school board officials who were not performing efficiently. \"The civic body has hardly taken any efforts to improve the quality of education in civic schools. There should be specific programmes that can enhance skills of students and teachers,\" said Bharatiya Janata Party corporator Medha Kulkarni.Congress corporator Datta Bahirat said that non-teaching staff in the schools were not performing their duties. \"A case of bogus staff attendance has come to light, where a staff member was shown as present despite his not being in town for nearly a fortnight. The staff member was paid salary for those days. If a scrutiny is carried out, more cases will come to light. Action needs to be taken against those found guilty,\" he said.The PMC runs 306 schools, of which 36 are not functioning as their student strength is less than 200.Corporators also raised the issue of non-availability of educational material like notebooks and uniforms for students. They pointed out the infrastructure problems in civic school buildings across the city.Pathak said that the procurement educational materials will be completed by August 15.Additional engineer Naresh Zurmure said, \"Officials will visit school buildings and repair works will be started in a week's time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14617753", "title": "Ten year jail-term to two for rape", "text": "KANPUR: Additional district and sessions judge of Ramabai Nagar Santosh Kumar Pandey convicted two persons on Monday for kidnapping and raping a minor girl and punished them to ten years of rigorous imprisonment with a fine of Rs 10,000 each.The two were named as Kailash, a resident of Mohana village, falling under Gajner police circle and his relative Sarvesh of Rampur village under Roora police. The ADJ ordered that if the two if they fail to pay fine then they had to undergo a jail term of two more years.Kailash and his relative Sarvesh had kidnapped a minor girl of a fellow villager on February 19, 2008. They took her to various places and physically exploited her. She became pregnant and had given birth to a child. She told the court that the child belongs to one of them.The defense raised the question of age and submitted that she was major and had gone willingly with the accused. The prosecution presented medical opinion in which doctor had stated that girl was a minor at the time of incident.In another case, the judge passed a non-bailable warrant against sub-inspector Avinash Singh, posted at Shivrajpur and asked the SSP to produce him before the court on next date after arresting him.The judge stated that a murder case was passing through prosecution evidence stage and the SI had to give his evidence in that case. But he was flouting orders and not appearing in the court. Notices and warrants had been issued against him.Mound of earth caves in, burying labourer alive: A labourer was buried alive when a mound of earth caved in after being hit by a tractor in Chaubeypur on Monday. The incident took place near Neel factory in Baidan village, where the labourer identified as Sunil Nishad (21), a resident of Madaiyya Singhpur Bithoor was working.Several employees were working near the mound of earth when it was hit by a tractor. The mound caved in on Sunil. A few other labourers sustained minor injuries.It took around half-an-hour to pull out Sunil. He was declared dead by the doctors at the CHC.An FIR was lodged against tractor driver Vishu, a resident of Barhat Bangar in Bithoor under Sections 279/304 (A) with Chaubeypur police.Arrested: Deepak Singh of Gujaini was arrested with 71 pouches of smack. Elsewhere, Jagram Singh of Sachendi was held with 520 gm of smack on Monday. They were sent to jail.Woman's headless body recovered: The headless body of a woman in her twenties was recovered near Ulrapur in Rura area in Ramabainagar district on Monday.The identity of the woman is yet to be ascertained. The head was missing.According to Rura police, a group of villagers spotted the body lying near the bushes in Ulrapur village. It was in a decomposed state and appeared to be partially eaten by wild animals.The police has launched investigations after registering a case under Section 302 of the IPC.Woman commits suicide: A housewife reportedly committed suicide by hanging herself in house in Gunjan Vihar area at Barra here on late Sunday night.According to reports, the police identified the victim as Vidhya wife of Arvind Kumar, a resident of Gunjan Vihar Barra.After discovering the body of Vidhya, they immediately called up their neighbours, who informed the police about the incident. Later, they took her to a nearby hospital, where she was declared brought dead on arrival. No suicide note was found from the place.\"However, when we questioned the parents of Vidhya, they said that the victim was little depressed following harassment by her husband. On late Sunday night, the couple had entered into a scuffle. As there is no suicide note, we do not know why she took this drastic step,\" said a senior Police official.The police after conducting preliminary investigations later sent the body for post-mortem examination. Kailash and his relative Sarvesh had kidnapped a minor girl of a fellow villager on February 19, 2008. They took her to various places and physically exploited her. She became pregnant and had given birth to a child. She told the court that the child belongs to one of them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14618879", "title": "Youth found dead in east Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: The body of a 20-year-old man was found in mysterious circumstances inside his friend's flat in the Kondli area of east Delhi on Monday morning. The deceased, Harshwardhan, stayed in a nearby flat. The body had injury marks on the neck, which suggested there was a scuffle before the murder. Prima facie, the man was smothered. The body has been sent for postmortem and a murder case has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14624436", "title": "District owes its academic record to outsiders", "text": "Mangalore: Students of Dakshina Kannada district are known for performing well in academics. Out of the top 50 II PU and Common Entrance Test (CET) rank holders in Karnataka, 22 students have either pursued II PU or have undergone CET coaching in the coastal city. However, most of these toppers hail from different parts of the state.Seven such students, who are from North Karnataka, took part in an interaction programme with CET toppers, organized by Expert Coaching Classes here on Monday.Narendra L Nayak, the chairman of Expert Group of Institutions, said many people believe that students of Dakshina Kannada were more intelligent than others in the state.\"But if one looks at recent II PU results and competitive exams like CET, COMED-K, AIEEE and IIT-JEE exams, most of the toppers are from other districts. They had come to Mangalore to pursue their II PU. They have performed better than the students of Dakshina Kannada district,\" he added.Narendra said, \"Mangalore is known as an education hub for undergraduate and postgraduate courses. Now, the city has become a destination to pursue PU education.\"CET topper Mohammad Daanish, who came from Dubai to Mangalore to pursue II PU said that teaching methods adopted by faculties in Mangalore was better than Dubai.\"In Dubai, the duration of one class is 30 minutes, but here it is 45 minutes. This helps students better their understanding of subjects, especially science.\"Suraj Deepak Desai, a student from Chikkodi of Belgaum district, who secured 18th rank (medical) in CET, said, \"Quality of education in Belgaum is good till SSLC. But, Mangalore offers better coaching for entrance tests and to appear for II PU. An SSLC topper in Belgaum will fail miserably to secure top ranking in CET due to lack of good colleges and coaching centers,\" he said.Many people believe that II PU science students are forced to study for 12 hours every day in colleges and coaching centers in the coastal city creating more stress for students.But two CET toppers Veeresh LM and Akarsh S Rajput think otherwise. They said, \"Even though it was difficult to study for 12 hours every day in the initial stage, later we got accustomed to it. Practicing yoga helped us to study for longer hours.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14624950", "title": "Can't wait to see them in Brazil: Anand", "text": "They say football is chess at high speed. So who better to explain this champion mentality than the reigning world chess champion Viswanathan Anand , who has been a resident of Spain for over a decade and is a Real Madrid fan? Watching his beloved team from his home town Chennai, this is what Anand had to say about Spain's Euro triumph...I still remember the day the Spanish team came back from Germany after the 2006 final. Raul was a superstar then and had to take a secret exit to avoid facing the wrath of the public waiting outside the airport. Spaniards love their superstars and it was difficult for them to accept that they hadn't won anything for more than 40 years. So, in a way, 2008 Euro was even bigger for them.By winning in 2008, the present generation of players proved they had shed the tag of being talented losers. I would say I was pleasantly surprised when they went on to win the World Cup in 2010. Not that they were short on talent, but knowing Spanish teams for a long time, I did not expect them to keep on winning the way they did. And now, this win is simply mind boggling.People often ask me how players from two teams - Real Madrid and Barcelona - who are bitter rivals throughout the year can come together so well as a team when they are playing as Spain. I understand the sentiment of Catalunya and it's a very complex emotion. People in Barcelona can sway from being a Spanish to a Catalan in hardly any time, but I think this team has been able to overcome such obstacles of the mind. They are one country when they play for Spain and I can't wait to see them in Brazil in two years time.I have defended a few world titles and I know how difficult it is. The pressure is immense and on an individual level, after you have won everything, the hunger seems to die down a bit. The very job of motivating yourself through such competition is a job in itself. I'm amazed that in a demanding team sport like soccer, this Spanish side has been able to do that.The very fact that they have defended the Euro title and won the World Cup should make them the greatest ever football team. And if you talk about style, they play the beautiful game beautifully. And remember, this is coming from a Real Madrid fan who knows that Spain are following the Barcelona model of tiki-taka football. If someone says it's boring, it's his problem, I don't care.If I have to choose my best footballer for the tournament, it will be a toss-up between Iker Casillas and Andreas Iniesta. I know people may think I'm mentioning Casillas because I love Real Madrid, but he has been a real stalwart. I distinctly remember that in the final, he made a couple of crucial saves in the beginning that did make a difference. Casillas makes it look easy and that's why, probably, he goes unnoticed.And Iniesta, well, I have hardly seen him playing a poor game. When he is playing for Barcelona, he has a certain Messi to pass to, but it hardly bothers him when he is playing for Spain. He has a fantastic midfield to help him and Spain have really taken it to another level, winning an Euro starting without a striker game after game.(Viswanathan Anand spoke to Dwaipayan Datta)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "14622507", "title": "Women's gang hypnotizes, strips victims of valuables", "text": "PANCHKULA: In another wake-up call for Panchkulites, police warned them to remain extremely vigilant while going out as these well-off women, coming in big cars could be targeting you. Sehsani gang, the gang of women, is known for striking by hypnotisizing their victims. A 70-year-old woman fell prey to them on Sunday evening and lost her gold bangles.It was on Sunday evening when an elderly woman was robbed of her gold bangles by two women who offered her lift in Sector 17, Panchkula. The victim, Ravi Kant, was on her way to back home when the two women in a white car offered her lift saying that some acquaintance of her's was calling her. Ravi Kant in her complaint to the police said after that what happened she has no idea. She doesn't even remember their faces. According to police, the woman was hypnotized.\"Sehsani gang has come to Panchkula. It is group of 40-45 women, all from well-off families, who come in a big cars and strike by hypnotizing the victim. One must not look at their face,\" said Sub Inspector Balwant Singh, in charge of the Sector 16 police post.This gang that hails from Punjab is involved in robberies and has struck Panchkula a number of times. Recently, even a sub inspector fell prey to them at Pinjore bus stand as he went there to nab them. A number of cases under sections 307 (attempt to murder) and 392 (robbery) have been registered against them at Panchkula.\"They belong to places like Sangrur, Patiala, Abohar, Sanaur in Punjab. They are so well-dressed and soft-spoken that it's hard to believe that they could be robbers. They just look at your face and hypnotize you before ripping you off your valuables,\" Singh added. According to police, the gang comes in this very season only.\"They did not force me to smell any sedative, but they did something that I don't remember a single thing after I sat in their car. I remember seeing their faces but now I can't even recall those,\" said Ravi Kant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14621276", "title": "Inspection of autos to begin in Kochi today", "text": "KOCHI: In an effort to regularise autorickshaw stands and issue new permits, the Motor Vehicles Department (MVD) will begin the inspection of auto stands and autorickshaws plying in the city. The process will begin on Tuesday, and department expects to finish the work in a months' time, said Ernakulam Regional Transport Officer (RTO) T J Thomas.The initiative from the department follows a meeting with the traffic police officials, Kochi Corporation authorities and auto drivers' unions which was held a few weeks ago. Following the inspection, to be jointly carried out by the traffic police and corporation authorities, MVD would finalise the number of autos and stands required for the city.\"After the month-long process, a final list of autos eligible for city permits will be prepared. Auto stands would also be regularized and registered on the basis of the numbers of autos using each stand,\" Thomas said.The RTO has asked autorickshaws plying in the city with permits to come to either Veli ground in Mattancherry or the CF testing ground in Kakkanad for inspection with all documents.The authorities would fix the number autos in each auto stand based on the locality and the number of auto users in each area. MVD officials said that auto stands would be allotted in the city based on certain guidelines from the transport department which include basic amenities such as toilets, resting place and drinking water. Such stands will be given permission only on roads having a width of more than six meters.According to the data available with the RTO, authorities have issued 6,000 city permits till about 2006. Of this about 2,500 autos are currently plying in the city. An MVD official said that though they had conducted many adalats to renew city permits and limit the number of autos plying in the city, they have not been effective so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14624382", "title": "Delhi University cutoff 3: Hope still alive for aspirants", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi University's third cutoff list, which came out on Monday evening, has offered another chance to aspirants for BA, BA (honours), BCom and BCom (honours) courses. In fact, many of the sought-after courses in the 'popular' colleges are still open, though the decrease in cutoff is marginal and in some cases they have retained the second cutoff percentage for admissions . However, general seats for all science courses have been filled up in most of the colleges.In the commerce stream, there is hope as many colleges are still open for admissions. Among the North Campus colleges where BCom (honours) is up for grabs are Hans Raj, IP and Ramjas. But while Hans Raj and IP College retained their second cutoff in the third list, Ramjas dropped it by just 0.5%. The course is also open in Lady Shri Ram with a drop of 0.25% and in Sri Venkateswara with a decrease of 0.5%. Offered in 55 colleges, BCom (honours) is open across 24 colleges in the third list. Admissions to this course have been reopened in Sri Aurobindo, Keshav Mahavidyalaya and Ram Lal Anand.BCom is open in 30 colleges-\u2014second only to BA programme\u2014and there has been a decrease of 3%.In humanities there are 12 colleges which have kept their doors open for BA (honours) economics aspirants, including 'popular' colleges like Hans Raj, Ramjas and Sri Venkateswara, while Kirori Mal College reopened it after closing it in the second cutoff. The biggest drop in this course has been at Kalindi and Shyam Lal (evening) with a drop of 1%. BA (honours ) English is also open in 13 colleges (both CATE and other inclusive), including campus colleges like IP and SGTB Khalsa.BA programme is open in as many as 34 colleges, giving hope for a DU seat to many aspirants. The decrease in cutoff has been reasonably healthy at 1%-8 %. Deshbandhu and Zakir Husain colleges registered a dip of 8%, followed by Swami Shraddhanand at 7%. BA (honours) history is open in 18 colleges, including Hans Raj, IP and SGTB Khalsa. The decrease in the cutoff from that of the second cutoff list ranged between 0.5% and 6%.Majority of the colleges have closed admissions in the science courses. Even those few colleges that have released their third cutoff in science courses have retrained the cutoff of the second list. BSc (honours ) mathematics is open for admissions only in three colleges - Moti Lal Nehru, Lady Shri Ram and Mata Sundri, while at Vivekananda College it is admission against cancellation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14623505", "title": "Rains likely by Wednesday evening in Allahabad", "text": "ALLAHABAD: There is some good news for the Allahabadis. If all goes well, the Sangam city is set to get monsoon showers by Wednesday evening.For the past one week, temperature in the Sangam city has remained over 40 degrees Celsius and the minimum too has been over 30 degrees. The hot condition, when associated with high level of humidity, is making life difficult for the denizens who are waiting anxiously for arrival of rains. Although Met officials had predicted a delay in arrival of monsoon owing to absence of 'Loo' during this summer and also said that it would be weak, the high temperature and humidity are not making things conducive for the onset of monsoon.During the last month the maximum temperature was above 40 degrees Celsius. On June 28, the maximum temperature was 42.1 degrees Celsius while the minimum was 30.3 degrees and the maximum level of humidity was 50%. The maximum temperature on the next date, i.e., June 29 was 43.0 degrees while the minimum was 29.9 degrees and humidity was 56%.Situation was identical for the next two days only to worsen on Monday when the maximum temperature was 41.3 degrees Celsius and the minimum was 31.2 degrees with the maximum level of relative humidity being 67%.Because of the high level of humidity, Monday was a day of profuse sweating for the denizens of the Sangam city and even fans and desert coolers were of no use. People were seen sweating while working in their offices and at homes.\"As per the weather phenomena, during mid May presence of 'Loo' (hot dry winds) is vital in dragging the monsoon winds from the Bay of Bengal. However, the same was absent this year, said Prof S S Ojha, faculty member of the Department of Geography, Allahabad University.Since the hot conditions make a low pressure area over the Gangetic and northern plains, the humid winds of the south-east monsoon rush to this part of India bringing smiles for the farmers and thirsty fields, he added.If the key phenomenon 'Loo' is missing, the entire system could collapse which would eventually mean derailing the monsoon, the satellite pictures or predictions based on data notwithstanding, said Ojha. \"But things would not be the same, not only for Allahabad but entire Eastern UP and later also for the western UP where monsoon rains are expected in the next two days (by Wednesday evening),\" said the expert.\"The air temperature in the upper atmosphere is fast coming down and the high level of humidity is a strong indication of the onset of monsoon. Pushing the monsoonal winds towards the Gangetic plains of Eastern UP from the plains of lower Bihar, blowing of Easterly is another indication of the onset of monsoon in the next 48 hours. The same would continue to bring heavy showers for three to four days after which there would be a dry period of about a week,\" said Dr Anupam Pandey of the Department of Geography, AU.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14624741", "title": "'Govt will promote BJP supporters in service'", "text": "PANAJI: The Congress has raised doubts over the government's decision to implement new promotion guidelines for government servants.Curtorim MLA Alex Reginaldo Lourenco said that the Manohar Parrikar government's new promotion guidelines will benefit BJP supporters serving as government servants in various departments.The government has issued a new office memorandum on the recommendation of the departmental promotion committees and related matters stating, 'The government is pleased to withdraw the office memorandum of even number dated May 31, 2011, with immediate effect. Consequently, the office memorandum of even number date December 12, 1995, is restored with immediate effect.'Lourenco told mediapersons that he requested the government to withdraw this office memorandum.Lourenco said that this means now government will only promote those senior officers and above ranks having a grade as 'outstanding' instead of 'very good' and junior officers and below will be promoted if they are having a grade as 'very good' instead of 'good'. Earlier, junior officers and below rank officers were promoted if they had a 'good' grade and senior officers and grade one officers had required a 'very good' grade for promotions. He also said that now promotions will be done on merits and not on seniority.He also said that the present government has reverted the December 14, 1995, promotion guideline where the benchmark of promotions was more on merit and less on seniority.\"The yardstick concerning the so-called merit credential is more of a subjective issue than an objective matter and now the BJP government can now again skillfully manipulate by juggling out both positive as well as adverse facts concerning the officers it likes and dislikes,\" said Lourenco.\"The good officers who are not good to their directors and who work sincerely and honestly, they will be in trouble because their CR (confidential report) prepared by the senior officers will not give a grade as 'outstanding' or 'very good' which will stop them from getting a promotion and those officers who are doing boot licking of their seniors will get promotion leaving sincere government servants behind,\" Lourenco said.He also said that the Parrikar government, by opting for the 1995 promotion guideline, wants to prop up its own people. He also demanded that the government revert back the transfer order of Loutolim health officer Dr Soccoro Quadros. Lourenco demanded that the government should give an extension to Dr V N Jindal, dean of Goa Medical College and Hospital, Bambolim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "northern railway has claimed that it has been taking measures to curb the tout menace. in a letter to toi, it stated that the part about touts operating in different layers was incorrect", "code": "14618319", "title": "Railways clarifies on touts", "text": "Northern Railway has claimed that it has been taking measures to curb the tout menace. In a letter to TOI, it stated that the part about touts operating in different layers was incorrect: \"Northern Railway is working with full responsibility to curb the practice of touting. During summer rush, NR vigilance department intensifies checks against touts, unauthorized travel agents and passengers travelling on transferred tickets purchased through unauthorized sources. Regular checks are carried out to detect malpractices at PRS, platforms, trains, parcel offices and catering units.\"NR also carries out campaigns through print and electronic media on illegal purchase of tickets. Such a report not only tarnishes the image of Railways, but also affects the credibility of the newspaper. The correspondent did not confirm the facts before publishing the report in the newspaper with the authorized railway officials.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14631098", "title": "RTE does not make it clear what constitutes neighbourhood school: Madras HC", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras High Court has observed that the Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education (RTE) Act does not make it clear as to what constitutes a neighbourhood school.\"If there is more than one school in a neighbourhood, to which institution the parent can have the choice, which authority can direct admission to such school and who will supervise the admission is not clear,\" justice K Chandru said.The judge made the observation while dismissing petitions from M Abimanyou and four others, seeking a direction to identify neighbourhood schools as provided for under the Act.The petitioners also sought a direction to unaided private schools to admit their children in different classes.Justice Chandru said it was only in schools under Sec 2(n)(i) of the Act (schools established,owned or controlled by appropriate government or local authority), that free and compulsory elementary education to all children is to be provided.He said schools cited in the petition admittedly came under Sec 2(n)(iv) as unaided non-minority schools, in which case the process of admitting students with 25 per cent reservation for children of weaker sections and disadvantaged groups started only from Standard one and could grow gradually from there to Standard eight.However, in the case of pre-school education, it could start from LKG, he said.He said the petitioners were under the misconception there would automatically be complete free education for unaided private schools.Justice Chandru said if a child was unable to get admission to Standard I in any unaided private school, the only guarantee for free and compulsory education for children aged six to 15 was under Sec 9 of the Act (Duties of local authority).So the obligation to provide free and compulsory education up to 14 years of age vested solely on local authorities.In the scheme of things, it was not clear if parents of wards of weaker or well-off sections would have any right to get their wards admitted to schools of their choice, he said.Except for a guarantee of 25 per cent of admission to weaker sections, the rest 75 per cent who wanted admission to such private schools were to fend for themselves by paying the fees demanded as per law, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14617099", "title": "Polavaram: SC gives Ch'garh 4 weeks to file rejoinder", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court (SC) on Monday granted four weeks time to the Chhattisgarh government to file its rejoinder to Andhra Pradesh government's counter affidavit which had defended its move to construct the controversial Polavaram project, which is being opposed by Odisha too.A special forest bench of justices K S Radhakrishnan and C K Prasad passed the orders while dealing with environmental issues listed before it. Both Chhattisgarh and Odisha have opposed the construction saying it would submerge vast tracts of villages in the two states.Polavaram dam, now known as Indira Sagar project, is a multi-purpose project being constructed by AP across the Godavari, whose two tributaries Sabari and Sileru flow in Chhattisgarh and Odisha and meet in the Naxal-hit district of Dantewada.AP had taken the stand that it had obtained all necessary environmental and other clearance to go ahead with the project.However, Chhattisgarh had urged the apex court to restrain Andhra Pradesh from continuing the construction of the dam on the Godavari at Polavaram saying that the clearances given to the project are illegal and the project threatens the environment and tribals of the state.Chhattisgarh is the second state after Odisha to move the apex court against the Polavaram project.\"The project will threaten valuable ecology and wildlife. It will bring misery to thousands of tribals by submerging more than 300 villages in AP, Chhattisgarh and Odisha,\" Chhattisgarh government said.The state contended that around 2015.52 hectares of land falling in south Bastar, Dantewada in Chhattisgarh, will be submerged by the dam. According to Chhattisgarh government, the environment clearances have been granted to the project without conducting public hearings in the area. pti\"Chhattisgarh is a tribal state. A very large population of tribals will be displaced due to submersion of areas. The area is a notified area under Schedule V of the Constitution and therefore the permission of Gram Sabha is required under the PESA (Panchayat Extension to the Scheduled Areas Act),\" the petition filed through advocate Atul Jha said.\"In this regard, it may be noted that the ministry of tribal affairs, in its order dated April 17, 2007, granting clearance to the Polavaram project has noted that there had not been any consultation with the gram sabhas in the affected areas in Chhattisgarh and Odisha,\" it said.Chhattisgarh has sought \"removal of all structures related to the Polavaram project\". It pleaded the environment clearance, forest clearance, resettlement and rehabilitation clearance and said that the Central Water Commission (CWC)'s clearance granted to the project should be declared illegal and null and void.\"The project proposals were suitable when they were conceived (in 1978). But over the years, many changes have taken place in the society and its priorities. The proposed displacement of such a huge population and settlement is likely to cause degradation in their lives,\" it said.The state questioned the legality of the project saying its construction is in 'blatant violation' of laws as well as the 1978 and 1980 agreements between Andhra Pradesh, Maharashtra and Madhya Pradesh and the final award of July 7, 1980, passed by the Godavari Water Disputes Tribunal.\"CWC and the ministry of tribal affairs have shown complete disregard to the Godavari Water Dispute Tribunal (GWDT) Award 1980, and illegally facilitated the construction of the Polavaram dam at the cost of Chhattisgarh,\" it said. Odisha too had earlier challenged the project contending that many of its villages will be submerged by the dam's reservoir and a large population will be displaced. pti", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14623460", "title": "Ghatlodia man dies on way to Amarnath", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A resident of Ghatlodia died during Amarnath yatra in Jammu and Kashmir. Ghemar Desai (55) had left the city to undertake the religious yatra on June 23 and had departed from Pahalgam on June 26 to begin his journey to the shrine.On the first day, he had covered 19 kilometres on foot. He is learnt to have collapsed because of fatigue and sustained head injury. Sources say that he suffered a cardiac arrest and died on the spot. He was accompanied by friends from the city who informed his family about his demise. His friend Dinesh Desai rushed to Pahalgam and brought his body back on Saturday evening following which the last rites were performed.Desai is survived by his wife and two sons. He was into the business of selling milk. This was the first time that he had gone for the yatra. Last week another yatri from Gujarat, identified as 40-year-old Rekha , had died of cardiac arrest at the shrine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14624755", "title": "Women's panels in Mysore colleges make girls feel safe", "text": "MYSORE: When Akshara (name changed) faced harassment from a teacher, she did not know whom to go to. Later, she approached Women Harassment Enquiry Committee of her college. She told them about the attitude of the teacher towards her. Akshara felt secure only after her college principal reprimanded and warned the lecturer who allegedly misbehaved with her.Maharani Women's College for Arts and Commerce is focussing on tackling harassment cases seriously. It has not only set up the panel as mandated by the UGC, but is creating awareness about the mechanism to deal with cases of harassment. The panel was started under the guidelines of University of Mysore and the department of collegiate education. The committee, led by women lecturers, comprises a male lecturer, a member from the college administration, a student member, a non-teaching staff and a social worker.Committee secretary Kalashree H M said: \"Many students come to us with their problems. It may be their domestic problems or those faced in and around the college. We counsel and help them overcome their problems.\" At the beginning of each academic year, the secretary and the members of the committee visit the classrooms and enlighten the students about the functions of the panel. A noticeboard has been especially reserved for the committee to give out related information. In the noticeboard, they also put up articles published in newspapers about the problems faced by teenage girls and women, and also their success stories.The committee is active throughout the year. In February, a discussion was organized on 'Problems faced by young girls and measures to overcome them', where students openly discussed about their problems. \"The panel has helped students a lot,\" she added.\"We students usually need someone to share our problems with. We feel supported when someone listens to our problems and stands by us to overcome them. The committee has been of great help to us,\" says Asha M S, a final year BA student. Committee in other colleges should also work efficiently and should be of help to students, she added.Prabhakar, joint director of collegiate education (Mysore division), said: \"Each college in the city has a committee. Its members usually solve cases at the college level. Till date, we have not received any complaints. But committees send their report once in a year.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "14625274", "title": "4-yr-old Kharghar girl survives 10-floor fall", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: There perhaps was a guardian angel protecting this little one. A fouryear-old girl, Aparajita Yadav , has miraculously survived a fall from the 10th floor of a Kharghar building with a fracture and a few injuries.On June 11, Aparajita-Pari to her loved ones-was left in a creche managed by one Kirti Sharma on the 10th floor of Monarch Orchid building in Sector 19. The girl reportedly wandered towards the balcony area and slipped through a six-inch space below the glass barrier put up in the balcony.\"By god's grace, my kid landed on the grass lawn. She was rushed to hospital, and got away with a leg fracture and a minor eye problem,\" Pari's mother Suman Yadav said. Yadav has demanded police action against the creche manager for negligence.\"As I have to attend B.Ed classes, I have been leaving Pari at the creche since June 1. I had told Kirti to put a grill in the balcony or not allow the children to go towards the area. Yet, this accident took place,'' the mother said.Since Pari had to be kept in the ICU of MGM Hospital for ten days, Yadav said, they could submit a written complaint to Kharghar police only on June 23.'Cops acted only after we went to media'Suman Yadav, the mother of Kharghar girl Pari who fell down from the 10th floor of her creche building on June 11, alleged that the police did not take her complaint seriously until she approached the media to publicize the incident. But Kharghar police inspector Ashok Satpute said, \"We received a complaint letter from the girl's parents and are looking into the matter. A formal complaint will be lodged against those found guilty of negligence.\"Kirti Sharma on Monday said she just \"could not believe\" how the child could have slipped through the small space in the balcony. However, she said she was happy that Pari had survived without any serious injuries.Meanwhile, Pari's parents say they are lucky that she landed 10 floors down on the soft ground of the lawn, and feet first. This way, her head remained more or less safe while her spinal column also remained unaffected due to the angle of the fall. Also, the kid being light worked to her advantage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14619287", "title": "Delhi jeweller stabbed at Noida home", "text": "NOIDA: A 60-year-old Chandni Chowk jeweller was stabbed to death at his Sector 50 residence on Monday. The murder weapon, a knife, has been recovered from the house. The domestic help and his wife are missing after the incident.The man, Rakesh Gupta, had shifted to Noida one year ago. \"On Sunday night his wife had gone to a friend's house in Noida. When she returned the next morning, she saw her husband lying in a pool of blood in the bathroom. She raised an alarm and the tenants rushed Gupta to the hospital. However, he was declared brought dead, \" said SP Yogesh Kumar Singh.\"Gupta had employed a domestic help barely a fortnight ago but had not conducted a police verification. The help belongs to Allahabad but stayed in Ghaziabad with his wife,\" Yogesh added. The murderer had stabbed Gupta several times, said cops. Gupta's cellphone and car were found to be missing from the house but other valuables remained untouched.\"It appears to be the handiwork of the domestic help. A team has been formed to nab him,\" Yogesh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh/gurgaon", "code": "14620027", "title": "Mahi death: HC takes suo motu cognizance", "text": "CHANDIGARH/GURGAON: Failure on the part of Haryana government in implementing the guidelines of the apex court issued in 2010 against digging of open borewells came under the scanner of Punjab and Haryana high court on Monday. Taking suo motu cognizance of the death incident of baby Mahi, the four-year-old girl who fell into a 70-foot-deep open borewell in Manesar on June 20, the high court on Monday ordered the Haryana government to furnish details about various measures taken by it to prevent such incidents.The HC has also asked the state government to file a detail reply on the matter by August 21, when the case has been fixed for further hearing.The orders were issued by a division bench headed by Acting Chief Justice Jasbir Singh after treating a note of Justice MMS Bedi of the HC as public interest litigation (PIL).While taking cognizance of the matter, Justice Bedi observed, \"Blatant violations of apex court directions are apparent from the incident and it warrants a suo motu initiative by the HC to protect the life and liberty of the citizens and action is required to direct the state authorities to perform the statutory duty and the SC guidelines.\"Justice Bedi also sought details from the Haryana government about status of borewells/ tubewells found open and the number of such borewells filled up to the ground level in various districts of Haryana. He also said that detailed reports be furnished of the inspection of such borewells by the various officers of the state following the directions of the Supreme Court.Taking strong note of Justice Bedi's recommendations, the Acting Chief Justice ordered the Haryana government to furnish a status report on the matter before the HC.In August 2010, the Supreme Court had issued directions against the abandoned borewells and deputy commissioners of the districts concerned were authorized to keep tabs on such borewells. Thereafter the Central Groundwater Authority had also restrained any kind of water extraction from groundwater resources in Gurgaon district without prior permission of the deputy commissioner.Mahi fell into the borewell at Kho village near Manesar in Gurgaon district of Haryana while playing with her friends on June 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14619781", "title": "FDA begins crackdown on illegal sale of abortion pills", "text": "MUMBAI: A month after the Beed police arrested the doctor couple, Sudam and Saraswati Munde, following the death of a 31-year-old woman during an illegal abortion, now the Food and Drug Administration has found that there was rampant illegal sale of medical termination of pregnancy kits across the state.\"What was detected in Beed was the tip of the iceberg. So far, the health department was able to confirm well over 100 cases of female foeticide against the claim of 5,000 by social activists. Such a large number of cases were detected since the doctor couple was unable to dispose of the female foeticide.In cities like Mumbai, Pune, Nagpur and Nashik we feel that the number of female foeticide might be large, owing to ultra modern facilities for disposal of medical waste,'' a senior FDA official told TOI on Monday.He said in the wake of large- scale illegal termination of pregnancies, the FDA examined the records of 378 medical practitioners, wholesale distributors and 1,936 retailers of MTP kits. \"Medical practitioners are authorized to stock the MTP kits in their nursing homes. They have to maintain specific records, along with the name of the distributor, from whom they purchased the kits and names of the patients. In case of several doctors, they were unable to provide us the specific details. We are in the process of initiating criminal proceedings against them,'' he said.After verification of 1,936 retailers and 500 wholesale distributors of MTP kits, 948 dealers were unable to provide specific details of medical practitioners, who prescribed it and the name of the patients, along with their addresses. \"Since it's a scheduled drug, it is the responsibility of the dealer to sell it on prescription by a specialist doctor. He is also expected to maintain a register, with the name of the doctor and patient. These dealers were unable to provide us with even basic information of doctors and patients,'' he said.On the action for violation of rules, the FDA official said so far show-cause notices have been issued to 948 wholesale dealers and retailers, criminal proceedings have been initiated against 26 firms, while 37 persons, including dealers, medical representatives and medical practitioners have been arrested for breach of conditions.A section of leading pharmaceutical firms has launched incentive schemes for promotion of MTP drugs. The firms promised incentives to both medical representatives and medical practitioners too. We are in the process of identifying such firms. We will initiate criminal proceedings against such firms too,'' he said.The FDA official said in the first survey between June 6 to June 30, while 2,436 wholesalers and dealers were searched for illegal sale of MTP kits, in the second round, it was proposed to survey all the 75,000 and odd retailers and wholesale distributors. It's a social cause. Owing to illegal termination of pregnancies, Maharashtra male-female ration is steadily declining. As per recent data, it was 1000 - 900,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "14624228", "title": "Jhangur faction of JSJMM kills comrade", "text": "GUMLA: Suspected militants of Jhangur faction of the Jharkhand Sangharsha Jan Mukti Morch (JSJMM), an extremist outfit, abducted and killed one of their members at Arangloya village under Bishunpur police station in Gumla district late on Sunday evening. Police recovered the body of the deceased two km away from the village on Monday.The deceased has been identified as Rajendra Oraon who was with Ramdeo Oraon-led Jhangur faction of JSJMM. Police said some eight to nine armed men reached Oraon's house and called him outside. Oraon then left his house telling his family members that he would come back soon.His body, which bore bullet marks, was recovered from near some bushes about two km from the village on Monday. Bishunpur police station OC Anil Kumar Karn said Oraon was involved in cases of loot and murder cases, and a few under the Arms Act. Police suspect internal bickering within group led to Oraon's killing.Meanwhile, police are yet to identify the three youths who were gunned down at Murkunda village under the town police station area in Ranchi by a member of the Patrick Toppo gang on Sunday evening. Police suspect that the victims may be from Latehar district.According to DSP (probation) Arif Ekram, a group of six youths committed robbery in a bus near Ameradih on NH-23 on Sunday while plying between Simdega and Gumla. They then got down from the bus and entered an area regarded as the stronghold of Patrick Toppo gang. It was then that one of the Toppos gang members, Arjun Sahu, gave chase and dead three of them at Murkunda village. The other three managed to escape. One of the deceased had jumped into a well where he was shot dead, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "14624097", "title": "NTCA official bats for ecotourism hub at Kechki", "text": "Daltonganj: The director of the Assam regional centre of the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) Ravi Kiran Gowarker has asked the Palamu Tiger Reserve (PTR) officials to prepare a proposal to start eco-tourism at Kechki. Gowarker was at PTR on a two-day visit beginning June 30.Gowarker is understood to have told PTR officials that Kechki had immense potential for becoming a hub of eco tourism. The regional centre of NTCA, Assam, takes care of PTR. Sources said Kechki has reasons to be upgraded for eco tourism since it is rich in flora and fauna.First there is the confluence of Amanat and Koyal rivers here. Secondly, there are rocks on the river beds which make the two rain-fed rivers extremely turbulent during the monsoon. The PTR has a rest house and Kechki is on the nation's railway map, too.PTR conservators Anil K Mishra and Premjit Anand said the Assam-based NTCA official found the PTR plagued with acute shortage of staff. He also acknowledged the threat posed by Left wing extremists operat6ing in the area. Gowarker was told how a female elephant died of gun shot wounds at PTR recently. The two PTR officials also told the NTCA official how until recently the CRPF used the PTR ground and some of its buildings as camps for its personnel who were deployed in the area for anti-Maoist operations.Sources said the NTCA official, who is also an assistant inspector general (wildlife), reviewed the Centrally funded schemes at PTR with regard to quality, progress and durability. The main schemes which are funded by the Union government are road repairs, grass land management, fire management, water conservancy etc, the sources added.Gowarker is understood to have expressed his resentment over Jharkhand government's dilly dallying attitude in setting up a Tiger Foundation, granting approval to Tiger Conservancy Plan and failing to issue a notification for the buffer zone of PTR.Sources said the NTCA official was told of the teething troubles in relocating/resettlement of four villages that come under PTR. The residents of these four villages -- Meral, Jaigeer, Kujrum, Aadhey -- are in conflict with each other over the relocation issue for which even the basic task like planning is yet to be carried out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "toronto", "code": "14637791", "title": "BlackBerry town on edge as RIM faces extinction", "text": "TORONTO: In 2007, when BlackBerry maker Research In Motion (RIM) was at the top of the global smartphone market, its hometown Waterloo - 100 km south west of Toronto - was recognised as the world's most intelligent community.Today, just days after RIM posted its first quarterly loss in eight years and announced to cut 5,000 jobs globally, the same community is bewildered and confused.RIM virtually owns this town of 100,000 where it employs more than 9,000 people of its 16,500-strong global staff. The company has nourished virtually every family here; for, each job at RIM has created seven jobs. RIM offices and signs hit you wherever you drive.The company's presence here is ubiquitous that that nearly one-third of the city's office space is either owned, or leased by RIM.But today nobody knows how long the fabled RIM story will last as the troubled company faces extinction from the smartphone market as Apple's iPhone and Android devices gobble up its share, which is down to 5% now from 11% last year.As the BlackBerry crisis hit closer to home, after quarterly losses on Thursday, city mayor Brenda Halloran said: \"We don't know how many are going to be affected in our community, but it's significant for people. It's our friends and our families and our neighbours ... My heart goes out to the employees that are going to be affected.\"Canada's minister of state for science and technology, Gary Goodyear, also sympathised, saying, \"My thoughts are with the affected workers and their families.\"Even the country's top daily Globe and Mail ran a front-page banner story, under the headline: A national icon at its breaking point?In a town which RIM nourished for year, a few still hope that the icon will survive. \"I believe in RIM and I'm confident that they're going to come out even stronger,\" said mayor Holloran.As RIM put Canada on the technology map of the world, its co-CEOs Mike Lazaridis and Jim Balsillie, who ran it for 20 years from 1992 till this January, brought world-class institutes such as the Centre for International Governance Innovation (CIGI) and the Perimeter Institute for Theoretical Physics to the town.Lazaridis personally invested $150 million in the Perimeter Institute for Theoretical Physics where the world-famous scientist Stephen Hawking has taught in summers. He also gave $100 million to the University of Waterloo - his alma mater - for setting up the Institute for Quantum Computing.Co-CEO Balsillie also founded the Centre for International Governance Innovation, the Canadian International Council and the Balsillie School of International Affairs.So deep was their commitment to the town that Lazaridis and Balsillie, who were worth $3.6 billion and $3.4 billion respectively in 2008, would often sell own shares to promote charitable causes.All this seems like a distant history now Lazaridis and Balsillie are gone. The town now prays for a sinking icon whose stock plunged 20% to close at $7.54 Friday after Thursday's shattering news.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14625948", "title": "6 more farmers end life in Vidarbha", "text": "NAGPUR: Six more Vidarbha farmers have taken the desperate step of ending their lives last week, taking this year's toll in the unending farmer-suicide saga to 422 in the region, according to NGO Vidarbha Jan Andolan Samiti.Delayed rains have caused panic among farmers who had sowed seeds in early June after there were heavy downpours for two days. The weather department had forecast a normal monsoon. However, there has been no rainfall since then, said Kishor Tiwari of VJAS.Tiwari said those who committed suicide in the last week are Dhyaneshwar Tayade of Akola, Rajendra Wadhai of Gondia, Ramdas Hingwe of Wardha, and Babulal Rathod, Vijay Pimpalshende and Ambadas Hatgoankar of Yavatmal.With irregular rainfall and rising day temperatures, farmers who have already sowed by now are worried that the seeds will be lost before germination. Such farmers could be forced to undertake another round of sowing, incurring fresh expenses on seeds and labour, Tiwari said.He added that widespread use of rain sensitive crops like Bt Cotton was making the situation more difficult. Farmers who planned to shift to other crops, like pulses, were not getting good quality seeds.\"We demand immediate government intervention to provide direct aid and quality seeds for dry land farmers who plan to grow pulses, jowar, bajra and maize,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14619722", "title": "'Drunk youths enter seas, assault us when stopped'", "text": "MUMBAI: The series of drowning incidents in the city, mostly at Juhu beach, is not just due to inadequate beach equipment but drunk teenagers disobeying lifeguards and venturing into choppy waters, say fire officials.In the last two weeks, the civic body has registered non-cognizable offences against a few teenagers who manhandled and abused lifeguards at Juhu and Dadar beaches.\"We have no police protection. The youth come in groups and manhandle us. They verbally abuse us and get into arguments. Nobody heeds our warnings despite whistling and waving red flags. Sunday's drownings could have been averted had the youths listened to us. We cannot remain at the same spot for long. The minute we leave, the boys venture back into the sea,\" said Manohar Shetty (44), a lifeguard at Juhu beach. He said last week a group got into a scuffle with a lifeguard. \"The beat chowky told us to go to Santa Cruz police station. We are government employees and people can't assault us while we are on duty,\" said Shetty.A fortnight back, when Subodh Kadam, a Dadar beach lifeguard, prevented a group of youngsters from swimming during high tide, he was assaulted. Some firemen on duty went to rescue the lifeguard and an NC was registered at the Dadar police station.Mahesh Narvekar, chief of BMC's disaster control cell said that lately the lifeguards have observed a trend of teenagers drinking and venturing into the seas. \"They drink, they are not in their senses and venture into the seas. They are aggressive, disobedient and do not inform their parents of their whereabouts. They play football in water.\"Local residents alleged that the Juhu police chowky is equipped with amphibian boats and all-terrain vehicles that can take rounds of the periphery of Juhu beach to search for victims, but they are never operational.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14619578", "title": "Notary held for 'cheating'", "text": "The MRA Marg police on Monday arrested advocate and notary G K Wadhwa, against whom businessman Nitin Kandhari had filed a complaint of cheating and forgery of property documents to assist in sale.The criminal complaint was filed by businessman Nitin Kandhari whose lawyer Ramson Dias said it was a family dispute involving ancestral property. The police had earlier arrested some persons in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14637502", "title": "Review: Xolo X900 smartphone", "text": "Computing has rapidly evolved over the past few years. From the evolution of the desktop to the laptop and the present onslaught of tablets and smartphones, computing devices are shrinking in size while delivering ever-increasing processing speeds.And one can expect Intel, known for religiously adhering to its co-founder Gordon Moore's law (which guides much of the IT industry's R&D; on computing), to know this better than the rest.However, smartphones was one segment that Intel had yet to make a dent in. With smartphones swiftly overtaking PCs and notebooks in terms of both sales and usage, it was only a matter of time before the world's largest semiconductor chip manufacturer would make its presence felt in the lucrative smartphone market.Though Intel can be considered a late-comer of sorts to the smartphone party, the Medfield powered Xolo X900 -- Intel's first ever Android smartphone produced in collaboration with Indian mobile manufacturer Lava -- leaves a decent first impression. Backed by an aggressive marketing blitz, Intel seems to be pinning its hopes on the first Intel-inside Android smartphone.The phone is powered by Intel's 1.6 GHz Intel Atom processor with Hyper Threading, and a 400 MHz graphic core. It also packs in 1 GB RAM and 16 GB internal memory. All this encased inside a sleek unibody casing, the design of which has an uncanny resemblance to the iPhone. Although built of plastic, it sports a rubberised finish on the rear which makes it easier to grip the phone.The device features a 4.03\" TFT-LCD capacitive touch display under a Gorilla Glass screen with a resolution of 1024x600 that enables it to deliver high clarity. The display is good even under direct sunlight.For its part, the Atom performs as it should and manages to run most applications smoothly with no noticeable lag. Intel claims the X900 is among the very few smartphones that can decode 1080p Full HD videos at 60fps (frames per second) due to the Atom.However, Intel still has some way to go in achieving app-interoperability as far as Android apps are concerned. Presently, the device cannot claim to run all applications available on Google Play (the Android app store) as these have been developed for the widely used ARM processors which differ from the Intel Atom architecture.A spokesperson for Intel while claiming that close to 90% of popular apps work seamlessly on Intel architecture said Intel was working on app-interoperability, and hoped that with the launch of more Intel powered smartphones (having already launched the San Diego in UK, and Lenovo LePhone K800 in China) the app-interoperability issues will be ironed out soon.Another noticeable issue with the device is that the lower end of the device tends to heat while multitasking. Since the unibody design prevents opening of the device, it is difficult to pinpoint the exact cause for this.The single casing design also means the 1460mAh battery of the device cannot be removed. Besides, there is no provision for an expandable memory card for additional storage which may be a disappointment for those wanting to store HD movies on the device, but the approximately 12.5 GB on-board storage available should be sufficient for most users. The device can also be used as an USB storage drive. Alternatively, if you need additional storage you can try a cloud-based storage application such as Dropbox.The HDMI port on the left side of the device lets you connect the device to an HDTV allowing you to watch HD movies or play games using the phone as a controller. The right side of the device houses the micro-SIM card tray slot and also plays host to the volume rocker and dedicated camera button.Though the device features an 8 megapixel primary camera with a single LED flash, the image quality is average and images appear to be dull. Not something one would expect from an 8 MP camera. The camera supports a burst mode which captures 10 images in a second. The device also has a 1.3 MP front-facing secondary camera for video calls.Audio output is decent, but the placement of the stereo speakers could have been better as your hand tends to cover the speakers which are located on lower end of either side of the phone while holding it.The device incorporates the usual set of sensors such as accelerometer, gyroscope, magnetometer, ambient light sensor and proximity sensor as well as a GPS radio.On the connectivity front, the device can boast of being among the newer breed of smartphones incorporating Near Field Communication (NFC) technology, used for contactless data exchange apart from reading NFC tags. It also includes a high-speed USB 2.0 port, Bluetooth v2.1 and Wi-Fi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "14621563", "title": "Another flesh trade racket busted; 5 held", "text": "PANCHKULA: Another flesh trade racket was busted in Panchkula on Monday with the arrest of five persons, including three girls.Interestingly, the accused used to strike deals through phone only. After getting a tip off, the cops posed as clients and struck a deal with the middlemen.\"We came to know about the racket through a tip off. The two boys were putting up in a rented accommodation in Sector 25, Panchkula. One of the cops acted as a decoy and struck a deal with the accused, who told him to meet at Panchkula railway station. They said they would bring three girls with them and he could make a choice,\" said Inspector Narender Singh, SHO of Sector 20 police station.\"The deal was struck for Rs 4,000 Rs and Rs 2,000 was given as advance payment. When the accused came and were about to strike a deal, we nabbed them,\" the SHO added.The accused were produced in a court and have been sent to judicial custody. this is fifth such incident reported from the city in the past few days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14616885", "title": "Bringing the birds and bees out of the closet", "text": "HYDERABAD: Eager students on the edge of their seats in class, their Biology textbooks on the desk in front of them with the 'Human reproductive system' chapter open, looking forward to an interesting and detailed explanation of the topic. The teacher walks in, quickly turns the pages to the next chapter and announces that the previous topic is for self reading. This is the scene that has been played out in high school classrooms across the country innumerable times in the past; teachers have shied away from openly discussing the one chapter in school textbooks that was the closest to sex education. However, there has been an improvement in the situation as currently, many city schools feel it is important to discuss such topics openly with students and encourage them to confide in their teachers with their queries and doubts about the sensitive subject.For the longest time, the talk about 'the birds and bees' has been avoided by Indian parents and teachers in a bid to extend their child's years of innocence. However, as adult content has become more and more accessible to kids, schools in the city have finally realised the need for an open discussion with students and encouraging teachers to talk to the children and explain various aspects about the subject in detail. Premshanker Dubey, director of Shantiniketan Vidyalaya said, \"For students of class VIII onwards, we organise discussions about human reproduction, childbirth and adolescence. We talk to them and explain that although it is a basic need for the body, sex is primarily a means of reproduction. We also tell them about sexually transmitted diseases, especially HIV/ AIDS.\" Dubey also said that they are planning to invite professional speakers and doctors to address the students regarding the same topic soon.He further added, \"It is very important to openly discuss these things with the students as the more something is concealed from them, the more curious they get to try and explore it on their own. They need to understand that there is nothing wrong or shameful about sex and talking about it. If they are not encouraged to have a healthy discussion on the issue, they may resort to other means of obtaining information such as adult content online which is vulgar and may leave a wrong impression on them.\" Highlighting one of the challenges of adopting this open approach he pointed out that in a co-education school, they have to be very cautious about not making the students uncomfortable and encourage the girl students to speak to female teachers and the boys to the male teachers.This problem is significantly reduced when it comes to all boys or all girls schools. Madhubala Kapoor, principal of Nasr School said, \"It is much easier to talk to the students here as all of them are girls and the chances of them feeling embarrassed are much lesser.\" She added, \"We have counsellors who go to the classes every week and talk to students about puberty. Right from UKG, students are told about differentiating between a good touch and a bad touch. During the moral science class too, teachers talk to the students about sex and clarify any doubts that they may have.\"Talking about the shift in the situation over the last few years, she added, \"Earlier people were very embarrassed to discuss such things in class but there is a lot of openness about it now. Teachers even use educational CDs to explain the human reproductive system to them. Kids these days have easy access to online adult content, so we can no longer tell them that a stork brings the baby.\"In an attempt to involve the parents of the kids in the sex education process, Kapoor said that they even send circulars to parents asking them to have discussions on the topic with their children at home. Principals and teachers agreed that this kind of involvement by the parents is essential for a child to be fully aware of things like puberty, sex, pregnancy and sexually transmitted diseases. However, while the situation in the schools has improved, the scene at home remains more or less the same. Many parents continue to shy away from openly discussing sex with their kids and shove the entire responsibility of making the children aware of such subjects on the schools. When TOI contacted a class IX student and asked her if topics like sex were discussed by teachers in her school, her worried mother interrupted and complained that \"innocent\" children will become even more curious if they are asked such questions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14626259", "title": "CBI to probe how rowdies got arms", "text": "BANGALORE: After having seized 22 country-made pistols from two notorious antisocial elements who wanted to terrorize and target their rivals recently, the city police have sought help from the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) to trace the origin of these firearms.\"We have passed the information about the large cache of arms and ammunition we seized to the CBI which as a central investigating agency enjoys interstate jurisdiction,\" said a police officer.\"The firearms were found in the possession of N Balaji Rao alias Tibet, 28, of Vidyaranyapura and Shankare Gowda alias Bettangere Shankara , 29, of Dasanapura near Nelamangala when we arrested them recently,\" a senior police officer said. The duo confessed to have sourced the weapons from Bihar, West Bengal and Uttar Pradesh. '' But we are not sure where exactly they are from, if these anti-social elements collected it from one gun-runner or multiple sources,'' police said.Shankara and Balaji had planned to eliminate Bethanagere Seena, another notorious character. They wanted to distribute these weapons to their associates and let loose a reign of terror, police claimed. '' The kingpin is identified as 'Sardarji' , who has connections across the country . This is a matter that has to be investigated by a central agency, and we have written to CBI to take up further probe into the gun-running racket,'' said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "14623498", "title": "Govt scholarship not reaching kids on time", "text": "Hubli: Nearly 11,000 students of minority communities in Dharwad district are put to hardship over the delay in disbursement of pre-matric scholarship amount, as announced by the state government.To help poor and meritorious students of minority communities, the state government has announced Rs 1,000 scholarship, for classes I to X. The government has tied up with Syndicate Bank to open a zero balance savings account for online transfer of scholarship in the name of each selected student.However, Syndicate Bank is delaying the process of opening saving accounts in the name of students. In the last three months, only 20 to 30 per cent accounts have been opened by the bank. As a result, though it has been over a month since the academic year began, the scholarship amount, which would have helped students in buying books, uniforms etc., has not reached them.Many schools are now apprehensive that if the bank accounts are not opened in the next couple of weeks, the scholarship amount may lapse.According to sources, 11,814 students have been selected for the pre-matric scholarship in Dharwad district, of which, 2,422 are from Hubli city, 2,440 from Hubli rural, 2,349 from Kundgol and 1,096 are from Kalaghatgi. Of the total, so for, only about 1,800 accounts have been opened in district, said sources.Speaking TOI, A M Patel, headmaster, UGS No 3 school, Katigar oni, Hubli, Kurishid Ahmed, teacher, Urdu primary school, Biraband oni and other headmasters, said, as per the government order, accounts of selected students have to be opened with the nearby Syndicate Bank branches. There are nearly 4,862 students in Hubli alone, of which accounts of only 850 students have been opened till date. \"If the bank fails to open the accounts of all students in the next 15-20 days, the sanctioned scholarship is likely to lapse. The bank should expedite the process,\" they said. Shiraj Ahamed Kudachiwale, general secretary, BJP minority Cell, Hubli, alleged that the bank is not taking interest in opening the student account because it is a zero balance account.Staff crunch, says bankHowever, B M Mohanty, senior manager, Regional Syndicate Bank, Hubli, denied that the bank is deliberately postponing the process. \"Our branches are flooded with applications to open new accounts. We have already asked school headmasters to open accounts with other branches of our bank, instead of depending only on the nearest branch to avoid delay. Shortage of staff is an internal problem and it has nothing to do with the scholarship issue. We will take measures to expedite the process,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14619328", "title": "Students hope for drop in cut-off after 2nd merit list", "text": "MUMBAI: With the second merit list for admissions to junior colleges scheduled to be announced on Wednesday, students hope that the cut-offs would fall, so that they could secure seats in colleges of their choice.\"In the first round, I missed getting a seat by just less than a percent because most colleges closed their first merit list at 89% and above. Hopefully, this list will bring good news,\" said Akriti Parikh who scored 88.37% in SSC and wants to study Commerce in Mithibai College. Many, who have already secured seats, are also looking to make it to their preferred colleges under the betterment option.Raising hopes for candidates, most top colleges told TOI that they had very few seats left for the second round of admissions and so, the cut-offs might drop. \"As our college is a minority institute, 50% of our seats are filled before online admissions. As only a few seats are lefts, there might be a marginal dip in cut-offs,\" said Marie Fernandes, principal of St Andrew's College, Bandra (W). Other college principals also said cut-offs would come down, albeit marginally, especially in colleges where only a handful of seats are vacant. In institutes like HR, KC, St Xavier's and Jai Hind, 90-95% seats have already been taken.\"Many candidates who have already claimed their seats offline, still fill online forms and don't even bother to cancel them.Not all students who have secured seats will admit themselves here and so, we still have vacancies in the next round,\" said Harsha Mehta, principal of SIES College, adding cut-offs were now bound to drop. An education official assured that over 40,000 students got through their preferred colleges in the first list, and more will get admissions by the betterment option. Students need not worry, there are enough seats left,\" said A senior education official.Total intake of students in online admissions-SSC - 97,511CBSE - 1,686ICSE - 3,515IB - 1IGCSE - 138NIOS - 143Others - 166Total - 1,03,160Seats remaining for online admissions - Close to 77,000 seats", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "katihar", "code": "14622476", "title": "Mystery still shrouds recovery of rocket launchers' parts", "text": "KATIHAR: Though the mystery behind the recovery of a tranche of 71 'waste' cartridges, and more importantly the front part of what is believed to be obsolete rocket launchers at rail bridge No 10 across river Kosi in Katihar-Barauni section of East Central Railway (ECR) at Kursela in Katihar district,on Sunday morning might still remain unresolved, the scare it created continues to haunt the police.The police heaved a sigh of relief that the tranche of front part of 71 bullets contained in a plastic bag and five so-called rocket launchers were rather obsolete and outdated, investigating agencies are still scratching their heads as to how these could find their way there and were tucked at second pillar of the rail bridge no 10 at Kursela in Katihar on Sunday, railway sources said.The recovery has put the railway authorities on alert at nearby stations and had resulted in suspension of train services for a short while, sources added. However, once the workforce engaged in the repair of the railway bridge tripped on the plastic bag containing the 'waste' cartridges and rocket launchers' front portion and raised an alarm, sensation seeped through the entire railway and civil administration.Katihar SP Lalan Mohan Prasad, SDPO Rajesh Kumar promptly rushed to the spot, besides the GRP and Kursela SHOs. Katihar SP (railways) Sukan Paswan on Monday was rather dismissive of it all, and said all that was found at the rail bridge were parts of used ammunition. \"Waisa kutch nahin tha ( It was nothing unusual),\" he observed. RPF commandant Sonepur division on his part said that since all that was found at Kursela in Katihar district, Katihar SP (railway) could indeed spill more beans on it. Thana Bihpur RPF inspector, who was among the first few along with Kursela SHO Bharat Bhushan to rush to the spot, conceded he could not throw much light as he had scant knowledge of rocket launchers.The railway and other authorities are apparently tightlipped regarding the tranche of outdated bullets and front part of the 'rocket launchers'. They cannot, however, wash off their hands unless they untangle the mystery as to how such a huge tranche of wasted ammunitions could be stacked on the vital bridge at Kursela on the strategic rail link to the North-east region, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14621823", "title": "Chennai attracts learners from across India", "text": "CHENNAI: Tell me who your friends are and I'll tell you who you are. If the Russian proverb is to be applied to a couple of city colleges, the character definition would be unanimous: cosmopolitan.Be it the liberal thinking and the glowing results these colleges personify, or Chennai's image of an emerging education hub, Madras Christian College and Loyola College have come to attract students from virtually every Indian state\u2014and from abroad.If the ivy-covered brick and neo-Gothic architecture symbolize their historic elegance, the new vibrant mix of students is turning these campuses into places of better coexistence and innovation. While continuing to attract students from far-off places, Loyola College, for the first time has got three students from the new politically awakened Myanmar . MCC has registered an all-time increase in the number of Chinese students who come with a thirst for English proficiency. Both Loyola College and MCC have got several students from South Korea, Nigeria, Rwanda , Sri Lanka and Maldives this year.If it is the visual communication and English departments of Loyola that attract foreign students, MCC's BBA, BCA and commerce courses are sought after by students from afar. Loyola College vice-principal Alphonse Raj said the college gives special consideration for first-generation learners and those who come from rural backgrounds, irrespective of their states and countries. \"About 8% of our students are from the north-eastern states. There are 10 students from Bangladesh ,\" he said. Both the colleges have dedicated cells for foreign students to deal with their VISA applications and communication with foreign embassies.D Prince Annadurai, admission-in-charge at MCC said 73 students from Mizoram and 88 from the Andaman and Nicobar Islands have joined this year. \"We've got 40 students from Jharkhand and about 45 students from Karnataka,\" said Annadurai. MCC has got one student from Jammu and Kashmir and 17 students from Uttaranchal. Manipur has sent 56 students to the 175-year-old institution this year.Refugee students, from Sri Lanka or Tibet , have found a special place on these campuses which organize special orientation and training programmes for them. Bernard D' Sami, a senor professor at Loyola College and an expert in international migration, said students moving to southern states is a definite trend. Colleges with innovative academic styles that foster research and development with international scope is one of the reasons. Better quality in teaching, learning methods and infrastructure and an already established network of communities of different ethnic groups also plays a role in attracting more students to Chennai from faraway places,\" he said.Many deemed universities also get a large number of students from faraway places and foreign countries including China. Many such private institutions run recruitment cells and deploy agents to recruit students for professional courses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14624374", "title": "Mangalore University approves 30% increase in B.Com seats", "text": "Mangalore: The academic council of Mangalore University, at its first general meeting for the academic year 2012-13, approved a 30.2% increase in B.Com admissions in 16 government first grade colleges and 17 private colleges affiliated to it on Monday.This move has resulted in an increase of 968 seats - 561 in government colleges and 407 in private colleges. It has been done to cater to the rise in demand for B.Com courses. The total approved intake to these 33 colleges prior to the approval was 3,209 seats, including 1,430 in government first grade colleges and 1,779 in private colleges. Vice-chancellor TC Shivashankara Murthy, who chaired the meeting, said the university, acting on requests from principals of respective colleges increased the approved intake after ascertaining that they had the required infrastructure.\"There is a steady increase in the demand for BCom courses in colleges affiliated to the university,\" the V-C said, adding that even meritorious students, who have scored around 70% marks in their qualifying PUC examinations, have not been able to get admissions in the colleges. The decision has been notified to respective colleges and they have already carried out admissions as per the enhanced intake, he said.The decision of the academic council will now be brought before the Syndicate for ratification when the highest decision making body of the university meets on July 4. Incidentally, the Syndicate at its last meeting had authorized the V-C to take an appropriate decision with regard to the requests from these colleges and bring it for ratification in case the academic council was not able to approve it prior to the end of admission period.A prime reason for the decision has been a higher pass percentage of students in PUC II in 2011-12 across Karnataka in general, and in Dakshina Kannada and Udupi districts, the V-C said. This had created a situation where students in eligible enrolment ratio as defined by the UGC were deprived of an opportunity to study a course of their choice, he said.Incidentally, there are nearly 12,000-odd students who are studying BCom in 164 colleges affiliated to the University. \"These colleges did not approach us seeking an enhancement of seats for BCom courses offered by them,\" he said. The university's move to increase the seats will also enable it to reach and surpass the gross enrolment ratio, a factor in which the university is fairly well placed as compared to other universities, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14622432", "title": "Mayor refutes irregularities in building and layout approvals", "text": "MADURAI: Mayor V V Rajan Chellappa's on Monday refuted charges of irregularities from the Madurai corporation after district collector, Anshul Mishra pulled up the civic body for issuing building plans and layout approvals without obtaining permission from the Local Planning Authority (LPA). Chellappa also states that no such irregularities had taken place after the AIADMK assumed charge of the council.Last Friday, the collector, as chairman of LPA had issued notices to 28 buildings and 20 layouts, which were given approval by the civic body without the approval of the planning authority. The collector has issued a stern warning that he planned to issue show cause notice to the city corporation, as well. He had warned that if the corporation continues to misuse the power, action will be taken to withdraw the power delegated on the civic body.\"We have not received any notice from the district collector regarding the alleged violations in 28 buildings and it is very unfortunate that the collector's warning has been circulated to all the media,\" he said. \"Only 'amma' (chief minister) has the authority to take back the power bestowed upon the corporation if any irregularities are found,\" he harped.However, he was quick enough to say that collector was rendering all his support to the developmental works and his suggestions are considered valuable in the administration.Chellappa insisted that the corporation did not give any permission for buildings with more than 4,000 square feet in case of residential structures and 2,000 square feet in case of commercial buildings. \"All the 28 buildings issued notices were given permission during the previous DMK regime in the corporation. But we will thoroughly investigate the approval given to these buildings\", he said.When some applicants approached the standing committee on town planning of the corporation, after their attempts failed to get approvals in other forum, the committee approved the proposals for only five buildings by a resolution, he added. \"Those buildings were also waiting for the final approval. We will send it to the government after getting thorough legal opinion,\" he said. He also stated that after the AIADMK team took over the corporation administration, permission was granted to a total number of 2,493 buildings, duly following the rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14625969", "title": "Headmaster transferred on complaint by corporator's hubby", "text": "NAGPUR: In a blatant display of political highhandedness and misuse of authority, a Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) school headmaster was transferred because he did not pay heed to a woman corporator's husband.Mohammed Jamal, husband of BSP woman corporator from Thawre Colony ward Shabana Parveen, had approached MAK Azad Urdu School headmaster Farooq Khan to provide the school premises to people from his ward for marriage functions. He had also tried to pressurise Khan to provide the school furniture for private functions in the locality.When Khan refused to provide school premises for private functions, Jamal started harassing him, said a source from the education department. Khan was subsequently transferred to Ambedkar Junior College in Untkhana for his 'uncooperative' attitude towards the people's representatives.Khan had been transferred to the MAK Azad Urdu School as a headmaster about five years ago. During his tenure, Khan has improved the standard of education in this Urdu medium school. The number of students increased from 800 to over 2,000 now. Khan was also instrumental in starting a junior college there.NMC education officer (secondary) Ashok Talatule confirmed the news of Khan's transfer but termed it a regular transfer, and said it had nothing to do with Jamal's complaint. But Talatule failed to give any convincing reply as to why Khan was transferred so close to the beginning of the academic session.Jamal, however, admitted that his complaint had led to Khan's transfer. He clarified that he had asked Khan to provide the school premises, especially the ground, to solemnize marriages of people from poor families, who could not afford to hire halls. According to him, there is no harm in providing corporation school premises for marriages after school hours.The incident had once again exposed interference by kin of corporators, despite a notification by officiating municipal commissioner Saurabh Rao banning interference by spouses of women corporators. This time the civic administration has made the headmaster a scapegoat.Recently, officials of the water works department boycotted the swearing in ceremony of BJP corporator Swati Akhatkar as mini-mayor of Hanuman Nagar. They were opposing Akhatkar as her husband Chandrakant had manhandled Nehru Nagar zone junior engineer WD Firke after being caught red-handed supplying NMC water outside corporation limits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "14626454", "title": "Kaziranga rhino killed", "text": "JORHAT: Poachers killed a rhino in Karbi hills and chopped off it's horn on Monday. The rhino was sheltering in the highlands of the nearby hills after it strayed out of the flood-ravaged Kaziranga National Park.\"We found the carcass of an adult rhino at Tissu village in Parkupahar forest range of Karbi Anglong this morning. The horn of the animal was missing,'' a forest officer said. He added that circumstiantial evidence reveals the animal was killed by poachers while it had taken shelter in the hills.\"On Sunday, poachers killed another rhino near Paharline forest camp in Kohora forest camp of the park. Forest guards said they heard some gunshots in the Haldhibari area at 10 pm on Saturday and launched an operation following the gunshots. They found the carcass of the rhino in the morning. But it's horn was missing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14622570", "title": "Nitish Kumar invites Pranab Mukherjee to Bihar after presidential poll", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar has invited Pranab Mukherjee to visit Bihar after occupying the Rashtrapati Bhavan. \"I have requested him to make his first visit to Bihar, the land of first President of the country, after taking over as President,\" said Nitish here on Monday.The invitation has been extended much before the Presidential election, in which two major NDA partners - the BJP and the JD (U) - are supporting two different candidates. While the JD (U) is backing Pranab, the BJP is supporting P A Sangma.Nitish said his party decided to support Pranab since he is a very senior statesman, served as leader of the Lok Sabha and belongs to Bihar's neighbouring state, West Bengal. Pranab had earlier called up the CM to express his thanks for the JD (U) support to him.Asked if he has some understanding with the UPA to achieve something, Nitish retorted, \"Our support to Pranab is not based on any bargain. There is no question of supporting UPA.\"The CM said on the coal linkage issue, he spoke to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on phone and protested over the Union coal minister's refusal to allocate coal linkage for the two units of Barauni thermal power plant's expansion project. Asked what did the PM say to him, Nitish said, \"He said hum dekhenge (will look into it).\"Bihar, he said, will not remain silent on such injustices to the state by the Centre, and the Adhikar rally on November 6 at Gandhi Maidan will be the beginning. \"We will also hold a rally at Ramlila Maidan in New Delhi to press the Centre to address our justified demands,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14620856", "title": "Spaniards in Kolkata celebrate soccer victory", "text": "KOLKATA: As La Roja created history by lifting the Euro Cup for the second consecutive time on Sunday night, scores of Spanish fans swarmed Sudder Street and broke into wild celebrations. They screamed in delight, danced and hugged each other. Toasts were raised and Spanish songs sung in unison. Many wrapped themselves with the national flag and sprinted down the road, just as they would have done in Barcelona or Madrid .For Spanish tourists and professionals in Kolkata, it was a night they had been waiting for. And none would forget it in a hurry. Even though it seemed to be quite a cake-walk for Spain in the finals, it was still a long match for the supporters. Myriam, an engineer from Spain, was still waving the national flag more than 10 hours after the match. \"We scored early and went ahead. But you can never be sure till the final whistle is blown. Italy are a strong opponent and could have struck back. But we were just fantastic last night and they didn't stand a chance,\" she said, hysterically waving the national flag on Sudder Street.Over 40 people were present at Jojo's Restaurant on Sunday night during the match, with Spaniards being the majority. Sylvia, Aua, Mar Lucia, Ireue, Fatiua and Marta, volunteers at the Mother Teresa House, said they felt proud to hail from Spain and loved watching the game in Kolkata. \"It felt like we were at home,\" said Lucia. \"The people of Kolkata are so vibrant and enthusiastic about the game and supported Spain all the way,\" she said. They thought that the Spain-Portugal semi-final match was the toughest.The Spanish revellers did not miss being at home and participating in the celebrations at all. For them, this new experience was far more enriching. Kolkatans clad in the electric red jerseys and painting their faces in red and yellow, left the Spaniards pleasantly surprised. The restaurant became an extension of Spain and the guests, even Italians, were excited to experience it. Gerard Martinez, a Spanish student now travelling through Kolkata, felt the connection and respect between the Bengalis and the Spaniards was mutual. The match helped him meet new people from his own country and bond over mugs of beer, sandwiches and shouts of \"Somos los campeones (We are the champions). \"I have no regrets that I am out of my country. It is far better to be in Kolkata during such a special victory. Even the local urchins were cheering for us and it was a treat for our eyes,\" said Gerard with droopy, sleep-deprived eyes. Yet, the celebrations were far from over.Sergio Ramos and Iker Casillas emerged as the favourites among the gang of girls. For the men, though, Xavi , with the pass of the tournament, was the showstopper and Alba, the hero. Hannah, a British tourist, too was elated to see Spain \"white-washing\" Italy. \"England never wins, so it does not bother me anymore. But Italy got totally white-washed this time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14618652", "title": "Diwali airfares soaring, book your ticket now", "text": "NEW DELHI: For those planning to travel home for Durga Puja or Diwali, it may be wise to book tickets immediately, though last-minute cancellation can cost one about 25-40% of the fare paid. One-way air tickets on most of the major sectors have already crossed Rs 5,000, and it is mostly low-cost carriers (LCC) that are offering the most expensive tickets.On the Delhi-Kolkata route, the most expensive fare of Rs 9,841 for a direct one-way ticket for November 10, three days before Diwali, is being offered by GoAir. The cheapest ticket on this sector is available on another LCC for Rs 5,058. The cheapest fare for Delhi-Mumbai one way is Rs 5,048 on full-service carrier Kingfisher, while SpiceJet is offering among the highest fares at Rs 8,112.\"Low-cost carriers exist but not low fares,\" says Ankur Bhatia, director of Bird Group. \"The biggest reason for this surge in fares is the Kingfisher crisis. That, combined with frequent strikes in Air India, led to a reduction in capacity while demand remained the same. October-November is a peak travel time and airlines will take advantage of the situation. Carriers should be transparent about their fare structuring,\" he added.Industry experts say while the directorate general of civil aviation is the regulatory body, it really has no teeth to control something like pricing of private airlines. \"What DGCA did try and do recently was to get Air India to bring down its fares and hope that other airlines will follow. This, however, did not happen. Ultimately, these are private airlines that work in a market-driven economy. Depreciation of the rupee is also causing problems,\" said Sunny Sodhi, vice-president, air products, yatra.com.While peak travel seasons may see full-cost carriers offering lower fares, off-season travel doesn't offer much solace either. In August, which is a lean travel period, the difference between LCC fares and FSC fares is only between Rs 100 and Rs 1,000. Anil Kalsi, a leading travel agent, adds, \"One should be prepared to see these fares go up by another 20-30% by October. What one also needs to factor in is the rise in various taxes being imposed upon airlines by Airports Authority of India and private airports. Add to it the newly introduced service tax and airport development fees being charged at a few private airports. The government should now define what a low-cost carrier is, as going by the present situation, none really exists.\"A senior LCC official said, \"Our pricing is strictly based on demand and supply. Airfares keep rising as an aircraft keeps getting filled. The pricing for holiday season tickets may be higher as people book in advance now and the fares may be moving to the higher bucket. There is no foul play here. Airlines in India are not even able to cover their operating costs and that is why all of them are in the red.\"DGCA recently met CEOs of domestic airlines and asked them to address the spiralling airfares. It pointed out that prices had gone up disproportionately in the past month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14617000", "title": "Power company chasing Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation with equity bill", "text": "HYDERABAD: Equity held by the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) in a power generation firm has now led to a row as the latter is insisting that the civic body pay up its share, which the corporation has refused to do. RDF Power Projects Ltd, which has designed a project to generate power from garbage, and GHMC are at loggerheads over equity payments to the company. Both have been exchanging notices for the past few months over the payment. While the company has been insisting that GHMC clear outstanding payments, the corporation wants the firm to first begin work on the project before releasing any funds.The civic body had agreed to buy 26% equity in the company in 2007 and paid about Rs 3.75 crore of the Rs 6.45 crore which was its share.The GHMC had agreed to be a stakeholder in the company as RDF wanted to enter into a power purchase agreement (PPA) with APTransco. However, the firm entered into a PPA with Tata Power Trading Company instead in 2008as it did not find APTransco's offer lucrative enough.\"APTransco agreed to grant concession on open access charges were the municipal corporation to be a part of the firm with an equity share of at least 25%. The then special commissioner of GHMC, CVSK Sarma, thus agreed to buy the 26% equity. But, the RDF had entered into PPA with another firm,\" an official said.That apart, according to officials, the firm missed several deadlines for commencing operations with GHMC even slapping notices on RDF for the slow rate of progress.\"It is true that GHMC had decided to buy equity to pave the way for a PPA with APTransco. But since that did not happen, RDF did not insist on the corporation obtaining equity share. The project is getting delayed due to delay in various approvals by the corporation,\" RDF executive director J Phani Kumar told TOI.Originally, RDF Power Projects Ltd came forward to generate 11 MW power from garbage in 2000. A memorandum of understanding was signed between RDF and the corporation to establish a power generation plant which would use up a daily 700 metric tones (MT) of municipal solid waste with the total project cost pegged at Rs 82.50 crore. The firm purchased 26 acres of land at Chenna Revulapally village in Bibinagar mandal of Nalgonda district for the project. During a review meeting the chief minister held with Non-conventional Energy Development Corporation of AP Ltd (NEDCAP), GHMC and APTransco in May 2007, it was decided to buy the 26% of equity. As part of the agreement, GHMC consented to recommend that APTransco pay Rs 3.40 per unit of power to the company.But the company entered into the PPA with Tata Power Trading Company Ltd which deal was approved by the government in February 2008. The project cost this time was revised to Rs 114 crore for which the GHMC paid Rs 1 crore in March 2008. Another Rs 2.75 crore was released by GHMC in September, 2011.When contacted, GHMC executive engineer (solid waste management) K Sudhakar admitted that RDF had asked the civic body to release the balance amount for which it had been asked to first show some progress made on the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "gunter", "code": "14617282", "title": "Guntur market yard secretary replaced", "text": "GUNTER: In-charge marketing commissioner P S Pradyumna removed Narahari from the post of Guntur agriculture market yard secretary and brought in senior official Sarada Rani. His appointment created ripples as he is only official of the rank of assistant director while the post of secretary is that of a joint director rank. Narahari took charge only on Sunday.According to sources, at least three ministers and a senior Congress leader had asked the marketing commissioner to hold the order and allow Narahari to continue as secretary. Responding to a report carried by TOI, Pradyumna conducted an inquiry into the allegations against Narahari. When contacted, Pradyumna confirmed the appointment of Sarada Rani as new secretary of the market yard at Guntur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "bhagalpur", "code": "14622670", "title": "Railways initiates special steps for Shrawani Mela", "text": "BHAGALPUR: The railways has also geared up its machinery for the month-long Shrawani Mela beginning on Tuesday. It has deputed the area manager of Bhagalpur region under Malda division of eastern railways as the Mela officer at Sultanganj station to oversee smooth running of trains and provide arrangements for the pilgrims during the Mela period.According to railway sources, area manager S K Murmu has been asked to camp at Sultanganj and facilitate the journey of devotees without hassle. Besides assigning an official for special duty, the eastern railways has ordered for the stoppage of all the trains passing through the Malda-Shahebganj-Bhagalpur-Kiul railway section at Sultanganj during the month-long Shrawani Mela. Railways had earlier constructed Mela shed for Kanwarias (devotees) and now it is constructing lavatories and washrooms for the devotees on the Sultanganj railway station premises.ADRM Rajnish Gupta of Malda railway division, who is supervising the Mela preparation by railways, said the railway machinery has geared up to provide facilities at Sultanganj railway station. Special arrangements for sanitation at railway station premises and toilets etc. have been made and services of adequate number of sanitary staff are being utilized, said the ADRM adding care is also being taken to provide safe drinking water to the pilgrims and electricity on the station premises. The ADRM also instructed the Railway Protection Force (RPF) in-charge at Sultanganj to provide round-the-clock security on the station premises and keep an eye on the anti-social elements.Instructing the station manager to make necessary arrangements for providing information related to trains to the passengers, the ADRM said notice and instructions' boards is being fixed so that pilgrims can get information about trains or related matter. He also instructed the health division of railways to be on guard and provide medical services to the people, if required.Station manager, Bhagalpur, D C Jha said the railways has geared up its machinery and would try to live up to the expectations of the people. Senior officials are overseeing the arrangements made by railways, he said adding majority of the trains passing through this section will halt at Sultanganj during the Shrawani Mela period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "14621841", "title": "KSRTC likely to cut project cost of new terminus", "text": "MALAPPURAM: In the wake of poor response from traders to the KSRTC's mega shopping complex-cum-bus terminal projects in Kottarakara and Kasaragod, the officials are likely to revise the design for the complex being planned in the district.The officials of KSRTC and Kerala Transport Development and Finance Corporation (KTDFC) will visit the sub-depot where the proposed bus terminal-cum-shopping complex will be set up on Tuesday.They are like to come up with a new plan to build a three-storey complex in their effort to cut the project cost. Earlier in September 2011 KSRTC along with KTDFC had planned to set up a seven-storey complex at Kunnummal in Malappuram town. The construction work was also scheduled to begin in October 2011. But in the last eight months there was no move from the part of KTDFC to start the work.The district transport officer K P Janardhanan said the team comprising technical experts and engineers will conduct detailed inspection at the site to prepare new design and plan. \"We hope that they will announce the final decision on revised project and its design, after their visit,\" he said. P Ubaidulla, MLA, and representatives of district panchayat will accompany the team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14624829", "title": "No ghar for this panchayat", "text": "In urgent need of new premises, local authorities are facing stiff opposition from some locals over a piece of gifted landSeraulim, a village of about 5,000 people, located on the outskirts of Margao en route to Colva, is facing an odd dilemma: its panchayat has to vacate its present premises and a local group is opposed to the proposed location of the new ghar.The issue dates back to 2009, when the church fabrica committee began serving the panchayat notices to vacate its office at the Our Lady of Pillar Church. In the last notice, dated June 21, 2012, parish priest and committee president, Fr Eremito Coutinho, states the office is reserved for a primary school to be run by the Holy Family Sisters for the benefit of village children.Panchayat secretary Edwin Carvalho says they have till the end of the year to move out. So, at its last meeting, on June 6, a resolution was passed by panchayat members to go ahead with the construction of the premises behind the church. The land, owned by late freedom fighter Fabiano Costa, was given to the panchayat via a gift deed, says Carvalho. Sarpanch Seby Noronha agrees.But a section of locals, under the banner Suravale Gaumkarancho Ekvott, allege the area is low-lying, and are heavily opposed to the shift. \"The construction is proposed on land that is an eco-sensitive zone, in a water body called 'Daclem Tollem', in a paddy field,\" says resident Rodney Almeida. Another local, Tina Rebello, is worried that once the panchayat ghar is built it will cause waterlogging and flooding in the area.Noronha agrees the land \"was a field\", but says there is no cultivation under way now. He adds that the panchayat will make the necessary arrangements to take care of concerns of waterlogging. \"We are under heavy pressure from the church to vacate our premises, so we do need to move,\" he says.Local Carmo Fernandes says many villagers have appealed to the panchayat to go ahead with the construction as it is urgently required.Rebello counters, \"No doubt, the need of the hour is to find a new panchayat ghar, but at the gram sabhas no resolution was passed to go ahead with the construction of the new panchayat ghar.\"While the laying of the new premises' foundation stone and land-filling were done in late December-while the assembly election code of conduct was in place-information garnered by Almeida under the RTI Act shows the same were sans permission.In January, a gram sabha resolution demanded the removal of the foundation stone, while members objected to former sarpanch Seema Shanke's floating of two tenders for building the retaining wall. Shanke had failed to produce any approved documents and drawings including the project's conversion sanad, says Almeida.The Ekvott has asked the panchayat not to proceed with the construction till an alternative site is identified. Group members say they've shortlisted three locations, but have yet to submit the same to the panchayat.\"They have been talking about finding a new place for years, and we have heard what they have to say. We are taking this decision in the interest of the village, as it will benefit them in the years to come,\" says Noronha.Former sarpanch Gaspar Vaz asks, \"The panchayat is operating from a very small office, which is insufficient for our needs. If somebody has gifted the panchayat land what is the problem?\"The Ekvott nonetheless has taken up the matter with the chief minister in a detailed dossier. The CM in turn asked the block development officer (BDO) to pursue the matter. Confirming receipt of the BDO's letter, Carvalho says the panchayat earlier received the technical sanctions to issue the tenders to construct the retaining wall from the BDO itself. He stresses there are no irregularities.But the Ekvott has raised doubts about the gift deed itself. \"The conditional 'gifting' part of the land to the panchayat has been done to accommodate a demand to convert the remaining land for commercial purposes,\" alleges Zefferino Fernandes. Almeida claims that as part of the condition, 40% of the 5,000-odd sq m of land was to go to the panchayat and the rest was to be converted. \"But only 1,000 sq m has been given to the panchayat,\" he says.Calling the allegations baseless, Noronha says the gift deed clearly mentions that only 1,000 sq m has been gifted to the panchayat. \"We are in the process of completing all the legal formalities with regard to this land only, so the question of converting the remaining part of land does not arise,\" he explains.He stresses, \"We are carrying out this work in the interest of the villagers and farmers and there is and will be no illegality involved.\"The Ekvott plans to approach the town and country planning department, irrigation department, directorate of panchayats and environment minister Alina Saldanha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14621658", "title": "One more colonel held in NDA scam", "text": "PUNE: A special court on Monday rejected the interim anticipatory bail application of Colonel Anil Kumar Singh, a physical training officer and presiding officer of the National Defence Academy (NDA) recruitment board, for his alleged involvement in the cash-for-jobs-scam. The CBI arrested Singh immediately after the hearing.Singh had obtained an interim bail till July 2. While granting bail, the special court had imposed several conditions, one of them being that he should cooperate with the CBI. However, the CBI on June 29 filed a plea to cancel Singh's bail application for not cooperating during the probe.Senior public prosecutor Ijaz Khan told the court that Singh and the other accused were communicating using satellite phones to avoid tracking of their discussions. \"The suspects spoke in codes. The CBI has in its possession, about 500 transcripts of these conversations,\" Khan said.Khan said the custodial interrogation of Anil Kumar Singh is necessary because another suspect, Colonel Kulbir Singh, has told the interrogators that of the bribe amount received by him, Rs 52 lakh were given to Anil Kumar Singh. \"The CBI had conducted searches of Singh's house, but are yet to recover the cash,\" Khan told the court.Khan told the court that the CBI suspects involvement of one more person in the scam. And that interrogation of Singh can lead them to that person.Khan said the CBI is also looking for a pen drive in which Anil Kumar Singh has transferred important data related to the recruitment. The CBI wanted to recover that pen drive. \"If the bail application of the suspect is granted then it could hamper the investigations,\" Khan said.Defence lawyer S K Jain told the court that the pen drive was very much at the office of his client Anil Kumar Singh. \"The CBI officials can get it today. The CBI has already conducted searches at Singh's house, but nothing was found,\" Jain said. Jain argued that all the allegations made by the CBI against his client were vague and not specific. \"There is no need of custodial interrogation of Singh,\" Jain said.Special judge D R Mahajan said that he has seen one of the transcripts of the recorded conversations between Singh and other suspects. \"The conversations, prima facie, revealed the involvement of Singh in committing the crime,\" said the judge. Anil Kumar Singh will be produced before the court on Tuesday for seeking custody. While rejecting the interim bail of Singh, the judge stated that considering the gravity of the offence that too committed by the senior officers of the rank of colonel, in the National Defence Academy, the custodial interrogation of Singh was necessary.The CBI officials told TOI that they have carried out searches at Singh's ancestral house and in-law's house in Purnia and Saharsa districts of Bihar.The other suspects, colonel Kulbir Singh, Balkishan Kanojia, Vishnu Prasad Sharma, Ramesh Gaikwad, Manoj Shitkal and Dattatreya Shitkal, were produced at the court onMonday. Kulbir Singh, Kanojia, Sharma and Gaikwad were sent to police custody till July 5. Manoj Shitkal and Dattatreya Shitkal have been remanded to judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14621957", "title": "New LSG order leaves district officials confused", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The move to allow private players like residents' associations or non-government organizations (NGOs) install waste disposal mechanism seems to be caught in red tape. According to district sanitation missions, the government order on this issue dated June 12 does not clearly define the role of local self-government (LSG) in this initiative.The order states that if residential association or NGOs are ready to foot 15 and 25%, respectively, of the total cost of the waste disposal mechanism, then such parties will be allowed to set up the system with the help of the sanitation mission. They need not approach the local self-government bodies to avail subsidy or permission.Contradicting this the order also states that residents associations, government quarters and offices, schools, hospitals, hostels, hotels, marriage halls and meat shops will be given 50% subsidy or maximum of Rs 1 lakh to set up bio-gas plants.For this, the district sanitation mission will provide subsidy on the basis of the project submitted by the local self-government bodies.\"It has not stated the role of local self-government bodies in the scheme that allows the residential associations and NGOs to take up waste disposal management through the mission. If the sanitation mission directly provides subsidies without consulting LSG bodies then it will be bypassing their LSG power,\" said TP Hyder Ali, Malappuram district sanitary mission coordinator.Meanwhile, the LSG principal secretary has agreed to clear the ambiguity in the order at the earliest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14625820", "title": "Three Chhattisgarh students nabbed with brown sugar", "text": "NAGPUR: Ganeshpeth police on Monday afternoon arrested three students for allegedly possessing brown sugar, from a location near Cotton Market. The students, all residents of Durg in Chhattisgarh , had come to city for purchasing narcotics.A police team, led by senior police inspector Dilip Jagdale, nabbed the accused youth Devendra Vishwakarma, Sarique Mohammed Salim Khan and Lolendra Mishra after a constable informed that the trio had arrived from Durg to pick up a brown sugar consignment. They were arrested when they were trying to sneak out with the brown sugar after receiving it from a peddler.While Vishwakarma is a first year diploma student, Khan studied commerce at a Durg-based college. Mishra is preparing for competitive examinations. The cops confiscated 16 gm brown sugar worth Rs16,000 from them. Sources said narcotics are brought to the city from Mumbai and later taken to other states, including Chhattisgarh.Crime branch's Narcotics Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (NDPS) cell too was summoned for assistance and investigation. Zonal deputy commissioner of police Sanjay Darade is supervising the probe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14616946", "title": "Dacoity at Doyen's Colony", "text": "HYDERABAD: Dacoits gained entry into the residence of an ITI college proprietor at Doyen's Colony near HCU bus depot and escaped with Rs 12 lakh worth property on Monday. At about 2am, seven dacoits entered the house of K Kasper, owner of a private ITI college in Narketpally, by forcing the rear-door latch. Kasper, his wife Sevramma and their daughters Namrata and Navyata were present at the house when the break-in occurred. The gang members tied the family members up with ropes andtook away 15 tolas of gold, some silver and a Maruti Estilo car (AP 28 AW 3207). Kasper suffered a minor injury on the leg when one of the dacoits hit him with a stick.The incident came to light on Monday morning when the family's domestic help reported for work. Police have opened a probe into the incident.\"The gang members were talking to each other in Hindi and we have launched a manhunt to nab the offenders,\" Chandanagar inspector N Venkateshwarlu said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14616962", "title": "Hyderabad finds no takers for liquor licences", "text": "HYDERABAD: The continuing cold response to the second round of sale of liquor licences is now set to affect Tuesday's proposed draw of lots for Hyderabad as the excise department received only eight requests for the 65 shops in the city on Monday, the last day for filing of applications.The response was no different elsewhere in the state as only a handful of applications have been filed for the total of 837 shop licences which remained unsold after the first round of draw of lots, held on June 26.While the primary factor deterring the dealers was learnt to be the high licence fee, the reduction in business hours for liquor outlets has only compounded the misery of AP Beverages Corporation Ltd (APBCL) which had been expecting a turnaround in the second round.Recently, the government changed the business hours for liquor outlets to 11am-10pm from the earlier 10.30am-11pm, a step which has drawn loud protests from liquor dealers who are complaining that it would take away almost 60 productive days annually.\"We had 10 productive hours a day on an average. With the peak hours between 10pm and 11pm now taken away, the productive hours have come down to eight hours,\" rued D Venkateswara Rao, president of the twin cities' liquor dealers' association.Only 5,759 of a total 6,596 shops have been taken and licences issued after a draw of lots. The excise department called for fresh applications for awarding of licences for the remaining 837 shops.Now, the onus is apparently on the APBCL to manage the shops. But trade sources say that the corporation is hardly prepared to handle the responsibility. \"We had expected that only a few hundred shops would remain unsold and we would be running them. But the emerging situation is posing a bigger challenge to us. We will chalk out a plan after the draw of lots on Tuesday,\" said a corporation official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14624373", "title": "How can government help in promoting traditional drama, music and dance?", "text": "The government should first identify all forms of traditional dramas, dance forms and music which are existing and those on the verge of extinction. To promote these among the youth the government must establish rural cultural centres across the state and give incentives to youth so that they are attracted to them.Tomazinho Cardozo Ex-president of Tiatr Academy of Goa, CandolimGovernment should first analyse the exact situation of traditional drama, music and dance. Accordingly the government must support artists who can give a boost to such forms of art. The help could be in the form of finance for performers, documentation, grants for research etc. But all care should be taken to ensure that this process should not be politically motivated.Vijaykumar Naik Dramatist, PondaIt is good that the government has created the corpus fund to promote traditional drama, music and dance. The creation of corpus fund is basically to strengthen cultural institutions like Tiatr Academy and others. The artistes can seek help from these institutions in order to develop their traditional art. By focusing on the individual artistes, the government cannot help in promoting traditional drama, music and dance. If the government had to take the initiative to help individual artistes, then there would be a long queue of them to seek the benefits.Prince Jacob Writer and director, MargaoCorpus fund for cultural institutions is a good step taken by the state government to promote traditional drama, music and dance. Although it may not benefit artistes independently, it will reduce the dependence of various institutions on government grants and the artistes can directly avail the financial benefits made available through the existing institutions, which will help boost different art forms.Agnelo Lobo Stage artiste, Carambolim", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14620871", "title": "Protesting Ayush doctors block traffic", "text": "LUCKNOW: Hundreds of ayurvedic and unani doctors on Monday blocked the Vidhan Sabha Marg for more than four hours, throwing traffic out of gear in Hazratganj and on the Charbagh-Nishatganj stretch. The protestors also clashed with the police.Cops say that they had to use force to remove doctors blocking the busy Vidhan Sabha Marg, doctors claimed that the cane charge was unprovoked. The Opposition, however, got an opportunity to attack SP government in the state assembly on the issue. Additional district magistrate (East), RP Singh informed that nine police personnel including women were seriously injured. Several protesting doctors were also injured in the retaliatory police action.Later, Singh said that the doctors had submitted an affidavit that not more than 500 doctors would gather at the dharna sthal for a peaceful demonstration. However, the group was joined by students from the unani and ayurvedic colleges and the strength of protestors doubled. At around 1.30 pm they all dashed through the barricades and clashed with the police on duty.He added that the protestors blocked the area and demanded to meet the chief minister. All this while, they forced the common commuters particularly those on two wheelers to change their route. \"We all arranged for a meeting with the principal secretary medical education JP Sharma, who gave a patient hearing to their demands. But, even after the meeting, they refused to move decongest the traffic. Seeing their adamant attitude, we were forced to take action,\" ADM (East) said.The protestors wanted the chief minister to hear their demands which included permission to prescribe allopathic medicines, jobs in National Rural Health Mission. They claimed that the police resorted to cane charge only curb their voice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14622115", "title": "Urali villagers want less garbage at depot, carcass plant shut", "text": "PUNE: Reducing the garbage load at the depot in Phursungi-Urali and closure of the carcass plant were among the issues discussed at a meeting between MP Supriya Sule and the villagers of Phursungi and Urali on Monday. Techniques currently used for capping the depot were also a part of the talks.The meeting was conducted against the backdrop of the huge fire that broke out at the garbage depot on Saturday evening with villagers threatening to block garbage trucks from entering Urali Devachi.Pramod Yadav, special officer in-charge of municipal solid waste at the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC), told TOI, \"It was decided at the meeting that the amount of garbage dumped at this site will be reduced. The demands of the villagers were heard and discussed and another meeting will be held on August 3 to review the progress.\"Bhagwan Bhadale, president of Kachra Depot Sangharsha Samiti, said ,\"The carcass plant located on a three-acre plot at the garbage depot will be closed down as it leads to foul smell emanating, creating health issues for the villagers. We will wait till October 31 and see what improvements are made by the PMC. If there is no concrete action taken, we will protest.\"The villagers have been opposing the very presence of the garbage depot at Urali Devachi and alleged that the PMC has been openly dumping a big part of the garbage with complete disregard for environmental norms, exposing villagers to health hazards.\"We have already started the process of capping the garbage depot. We are struggling to get segregation done at source and need people's support,\" Yadav said.Meanwhile, Bhadale said, \"The fire has been fully extinguished and there was only a little smoke coming out on Monday morning. However, villagers complained of eye irritation as a result of the fire.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh/gurgaon", "code": "14619875", "title": "Borewell mishaps: Guidelines issued", "text": "CHANDIGARH/GURGAON: In the backdrop of the death of a girl who fell into a borewell near Gurgaon recently, the Haryana government on Monday directed senior officers to ensure strict compliance of the instructions regarding safety measures while digging borewells to avert any untoward incidents.Chief secretary P K Chaudhery gave the direction while presiding over a meeting regarding ensuring strict regulation of borewell, digging and other similar safety potential hazards here on Monday, said an official release.In the meeting, Chaudhery directed that two committees should be constituted to prepare draft safety instructions on the technical and statutory aspects.He said that the Public Works (Building and Roads) department would prepare draft instruction on technical aspects while the labour department would make draft instructions on statutory aspects.Soon after finalizing the draft, a copy of the instructions should be forwarded to the concerned deputy commissioners for implementation, added Chaudhery.Mahi , a four-year-old girl, recently fell into a borewell and three days of rescue efforts failed to rescue her alive.He said that with a view to avoiding any incident due to open manholes, a survey should be conducted by the urban local bodies department to indentify such manholes in cities. Necessary steps should be taken to cover them immediately, he added.Chaudhery said it was also the responsibility of the government departments as well as private agencies involved in construction work to provide security to labourers and their families at construction sites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "14626455", "title": "DC orders probe into mob attack on MLA Rumi Nath", "text": "SILCHAR: The Karimganj district administration on Monday ordered a magistrate-level probe into the attack on the Congress MLA from Borkhola constituency, Rumi Nath, by a mob at a hotel in the border town on Friday night. The MLA and her second husband were badly injured in the attack.Deputy commissioner (Karimganj) Debeswar Malakar in his order asked SDO (Sadar) Shanti Singh to inquire into the incident and submit a report within 14 days.Meanwhile, suspected miscreants attacked a 65-year-old trader in Hailakandi on Sunday night, injuring him critically. The incident took place when the Barak Valley area continues to remain communally tensed over the incident of a mob thrashing Congress MLA Rumi Nath and her second husband Abu Sahid Muhammad Jakir Hussain alias Jacky last week.Reports said some armed miscreants on Sunday night entered into the shop owned by one Sushil Chandra Dev at Narainpur Road in Hailakandi and hit him on the head with a sharp weapon. They also beat him up mercilessly. His family members and neighbours rushed to the place on hearing his screams, but by then, the five miscreants had decamped.After hearing about the incident, police rushed to the place and started a hunt for the culprits. Sushil was first admitted to Hailakandi S K Roy Civil hospital in a critical condition. He was later shifted to Silchar Medical College and Hospital later. Hospital sources on Monday said, the condition of the senior citizen continues to remain critical.The incident took place during the day when a number of minority organizations observed a 12-hour bandh in the district in protest against the thrashing of the MLA and her second husband.Hailakandi police on Monday rounded up two persons suspected of being involved in the attack on the trader. However, family sources alleged that the main accused persons mentioned in the FIR are still on the run.Meanwhile superintendent of police (Karimganj) Pradeep Poojari said another man was arrested on Monday in connection with beating up of the MLA.With this the total number of arrested persons in the case stands six while haunt is on for others, he said. The SP said the situation in the border district in completely under control.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14624023", "title": "IPS officer's teenage son commits suicide", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Hardik, the 17-year-old son of IPS officer Girish Singhal, committed suicide at his residence in Satellite on Monday. The boy, said Satellite police, hung himself in his room on the first floor of the bungalow in Satyagrah Chhavni.Police said that Hardik committed suicide owing to academic pressure. Singhal, who is posted in Kheda district as the superintendent of police (SP), was beside himself with grief and was unable to speak after he reached home.Satellite police said: \"Singhal stayed at his official residence in Kheda, while his family members - wife, son and daughter - used to stay in Ahmedabad. Hardik was a student of standard XII.\"On Monday, after returning from school, he had behaved normally with his mother and sister. At 2 pm Hardik's mother went out to attend some work, leaving the siblings alone at home. When she returned, she could not spot Hardik anywhere. She then went up to his room on the first floor to check.However, she could not get into his room, it was locked from inside. When she did not get any response despite knocking repeatedly and calling out to him, she panicked and called for help. Neighbours rushed into her house and helped break open the door to Hardik's room. They found the boy hanging by a dupatta tied to a metal hook in the ceiling.The neighbours helped the mother and sister take the body down and rushed him to a nearby private hospital. The doctors tried for 45 minutes to restart his heartbeats but in vain. Hardik was declared brought dead. Later, hospital authorities informed the Satellite police about the incident.The police then took custody of the body and postmortem was conducted in Sola Civil hospital. Final rites were conducted at the crematorium in VS Hospital amid a large number of senior police officials of the state.Singhal is among the Gujarat police officials who are under the CBI scanner in the Ishrat Jahan fake encounter case. Ishrat, along with her friend Javed Shaikh alias Pranesh Pillai and two others, was gunned down by city police crime branch officials in June 2004. Singhal was then an assistant commissioner of police posted in the crime branch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "burdwan", "code": "14620306", "title": "Disabled man kills wife", "text": "BURDWAN: Police on Monday arrested a disabled man for allegedly killing his wife. The accused, Jagabandhu Das (48), whose legs had to be amputated due to gangrene, suspected his wife Putul Das (35) of having illicit relationship with several persons. Dilip Ganguly, Burdwan Sadar police station IC, said the incident took place in the wee hours on Monday at Town Hall Para. \"A neighbour, who was watching the Euro final, rushed to Jagabandhu's house on hearing shrieks. came out of the house after hearing shouts of help from the victim. They rushed to Jagabandhu's house to find thatHis clothes were smeared with blood and he was trying to flee the spot,\" said Ganguly. tnnPutul was taken to Burdwan Medical College and Hospital, where she was declared brought dead. Jagabandhu has been booked under sections 302,307 and 326 of IPC. The hammer has also been seized. The CJM of Burdwan has sent the accused in jail custody. The body has been sent for post mortem.\"I have never seen such a crime in my professional life before. This is a brutal act,\" said Ganguly. that a person with such physical disabilities killing his wife due to suspicsion of an illicit relationship by such brutal manner,\"Ganguly added.Burdwan Sadar Police has arrested a handicap person whose both legs have been amputed due to gangrene in his childhood allegedly for killing his wife. Jagabandhu Das (48), used to sell lottery tickets riding his handicapped persons three wheeler cycle in Burdwan town. He used to stay in Town Hall para of Burdwan town. He was married to Putul Das (35) of Nigon area and has two sons. Elder son passed madhyamik examinations this year.Dilip Ganguly, IC of Burdwan Sadar Police Station told TOI that neighbours of the couple were watching euro cup final betwwen Spain and Italy live on television and heard cry of the woman. They rushed out of the thir home and found that Jagabandhu was trying to escape in his vehicle at around 1.30 AM and his dresses drenched in bllod. The entered his house and saw Putul lying in a pool of blood. Immediately they informed the police over phone and police arrest him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14620150", "title": "Guru Purnima celebrations today", "text": "KOLKATA: Guru Purnima-Vyas Jayanthi will be celebrated at Matha Amritanandamayi Math , S M Nagar, Sarkar Pool, Budge Budge with Maha Ganapathy Homam,Guru Paduka puja, meditation satsang and bhajan etc. from 6.30am to 2pm on July 3. The programme will be begin at 6.30am and continue till 2pm. It will be attended by Br Vijayamrita Chaitanya who has come from MAM in Kollam just for the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "14620595", "title": "\u2018Tainted\u2019 IPS officer\u2019s case: Statement of victim registered", "text": "AJMER: The judicial magistrate of Ajmer on Monday registered the statement of victim Bhawani Singh of Bilara block of Jodhpur in the bribe case involving IPS officer Ajay Singh and ASI Prem Singh. The special team of Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) on Monday started looking at the chain of people from whom the accused Ajay Singh and his team extorted money while investigating the MBD case.A team of ACB from Jaipur took statements of half a dozen persons who were interrogated by Ajay Singh during investigation of MBD financial forgery case. These names were mentioned in the case diary of 08/2012 which Ajay Singh and his team were investigating. Another team of ACB will reach Jodhpur on Tuesday to record the statements of few persons who were also interrogated by Ajay Singh.The victim and complainant, Bhawani Singh, on Monday reached court of Munsif Judicial Magistrate here and on the order of the chief judicial magistrate, the court recorded his statement. The court was vacated and Bhawani Singh's statement was registered. It took about two hours in which Bhawani Singh revealed all facts and his complaint in the statement.Last week the ACB had moved the application in the court of chief judicial magistrate to record the statement of Bhawani Singh under section 164 of CrPc. \"Generally the investigation agency records the statements of victims and witnesses under section 161 of CrPc. But the witness could change his statement during trial and become hostile. Playing safe, the ACB arranged to record the victim's statement in court so that he could not go back on his statements afterwards during the trial,\" said a legal source.The recorded statements of complainant Bhawani Singh will now be a strong proof with the prosecution, which it will produce while filing a chargesheet. Sources said that Bhawani Singh in his statement has revealed the entire incident and also mentioned phone calls of Ajay Singh, meeting Prem Singh and Ajay Singh and their threat.Meanwhile, a team of ACB also recorded statements of half a dozen people who were interrogated by Ajay Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14618412", "title": "Gujarat BJP a Hindu divided family", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It is not just Narendra Modi and Keshubhai who are fighting in the Gujarat BJP. Down the line, there is virtually a free for all in the ruling party, particularly the core group which should have been united in an election year.Not just this, almost every Sangh Parivar outfit, be it the VHP or Bharatiya Kisan Sangh, have taken a dislike for the BJP and the chief minister. Former state president Purshottam Rupala, who is now a national vice-president, detests revenue minister Anandiben Patel. It was Rupala who had taken Modi's message to party president Nitin Gadkari that the entire contingent from the state would boycott the recent national executive in Mumbai if Sanjay Joshi was not removed.Anandiben, who hails from north Gujarat, has been telling party leaders from Saurashtra that they should desist from indulging in \"Rupala-style politics\". Two other cabinet ministers, Nitin Patel (urban development) and Dilip Sanghani (law and agriculture) - clash often in cabinet meetings and elsewhere in another indication of turf war between Kadva and Leuva Patels.Gujarat BJP president R C Faldu does not get along with organisational general secretary Bhikhubhai Dalsania, an RSS nominee. As a result, Faldu has not been visiting the party headquarters for last one year. Modi is on Faldu's side and has stopped directly communicating with Dalsania for many months now.Rajkot strongman Vijay Rupani, a former Rajya Sabha MP and once a Modi confidant, has been sidelined, just like another senior BJP leader Jayanti Barot who was Modi's main trouble-shooter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "14624570", "title": "Tibetans advised to remain cautious of land deals", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: At the India-Tibetan meet organized in McLeodganj on Monday, the Tibetans were advised to keep away from touts involved in the sale and purchase of lands that later turn out to be benami land deals due to irregularities. The meeting was presided over by the superintendent of police in the presence of leaders of the local community and the Tibetan organizations. It was decided that orientation workshops on land laws would be organized frequently. Members discussed issues faced by the Tibetans-in-exile while the settlement officers raised the issue of renewal of registration certificates.SP Kangra Diljeet Singh Thakur directed the Tibetan officials to organize sensitization workshops on land laws for Tibetan youths arriving in India, and notify the police of any processions.Steps to reduce the increasing clashes between Tibetans and locals were discussed and the Tibetans were advised to plan workshops for youth who could contribute to the Tibetan and Indian societies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14624738", "title": "Just empanelment, no control: Goa Tourism Development Corporation", "text": "PANAJI: The GTDC's plans to empanel water sports operators in Goa is not a bid to control water sports activity in the state, officials said on Monday.It is only an attempt to provide guests of GTDC resorts and other tourists, a list of water sports operators who comply with safety regulations and other standards as mandated by the concerned authorities, GTDC general manager Sanjay Chodnekar said.Chodnekar's clarification follows the Calangute MLA Michael Lobo's charge that the GTDC's plans to empanel water sports operators are to control the activity in Goa. Lobo also said the plans were \"anti-local\" and a bid to bring in outsiders into the water sports activity.Monday (July 2) was the last day for submitting tenders by prospective water sports operators to the GTDC for empanelment and the corporation has received eight applications.Chodnekar said that GTDC gets many inquiries through email, letters and phone calls from potential guests asking if the corporation also provides water sports to their guests. \"Whenever the GTDC participates in trade fairs within India, our counter often gets such queries,\" he said. For the record, the GTDC runs 12 hotels in Goa, of which, three are beach properties - Calangute, Miramar ( Panaji ) and Colva.Chodnekar said there are often incidents of jet skis dashing and injuring swimmers on the beach, of people falling off during parasailing and other such mishaps that are reported in the media. \"This is giving a bad name to water sports operators, to the government and to the state. That is why we want to empanel some water sports operators who comply with standards and safety norms to recommend to our guests. We want our guests to be in safe hands but in case of any mishap, our guests will be able to claim insurance, etc,\" Chodnekar said.Another concern is the feedback GTDC has got from their guests that the water sports operators charge whatever rate they want. Operators empanelled with GTDC will charge standard rates and run the business in a transparent manner enhancing their own reputation and the reputation of the state thereby boosting Goa's tourism further, Chodnekar said.Chodnekar recalls the tragedy in April 2003, when nine tourists from Andhra Pradesh drowned off the Anjuna beach, after their boat set off from Baga beach with 23 tourists on board and overturned in the sea. Subsequently, the courts also ordered the water sports activity in Goa should be regulated. \"But we do not want to regulate it. Those powers are with the government. And we are not forcing the operators to empanel with us. But if they do, the official recognition will benefit the operators in their business,\" Chodnekar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "hooghly", "code": "14620176", "title": "Pakistan family overstays visa, held", "text": "Hooghly: Five members of a family, believed to be Pakistani nationals, were rounded up by CID officers on Monday. They have been charged with conspiracy under the Foreigners Act.The family came on a tourist visa that had validity till May 2012. They had come to visit relative Osman Gani, who lives on RK Road in Hooghly's Serampore. During their stay, one of the members married Gani's relative and the family did not return to their country.Using the certificate, they managed to obtain other documents like a PAN card and even opened bank accounts like Indian nationals. Everything in place, they decided to stay back permanently in India. Apart from conspiracy, CID officers have arrested them arrested all five for staying in India even after their visa had expired and forging documents.They were also charged with conspiracy. The officers said they will interrogate all the five family members to confirm whether they hold any links with spies or had any plans of sabotage plan in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14619899", "title": "Salman's 2002 accident case in magistrate court", "text": "MUMBAI: It is almost a decade since Salman Khan's vehicle allegedly mowed down five pavement dwellers, killing one of them, not far from Sunday night's accident spot. Trial in the 2002 case is still pending before the Bandra magistrate. On the other hand, the 2006 Alistair Pereira hit-and-run case concluded in six years, with the Supreme Court giving its verdict earlier this year. In both cases, the drivers were charged with driving under the influence of alcohol.On September 28, 2002, actor Salman Khan's Land Cruiser allegedly ra-mm-ed into a bakery on Hill Road in Bandra, killing one worker and injuring four others who were sleeping outside. Khan was allegedly driving under the influence of alcohol and his police bodyguard was with him at the time of the incident.Khan was booked under Section 304 of the Indian Penal Code (culpable homicide not amounting to murder). The sessions court had framed charges against him for failure to take the injured to ho-s-pital, driving without a licence and under the influence of alcohol punishable under the Motor Vehicles Act, apart from an offence under the Bombay Prohibition Act of consuming liqu-or without a licence.Under Section 304, an accused can be punished with a jail term of up to 10 years. Khan had challenged the sessions court decision before the high court, which lowered the charge from culpable homicide not amounting to murder to Section 304-A, for causing death by rash and negligent act. The high court said the actor be tried under Section 304-A, which attracts maximum two years' punishme-nt. After the HC order, the case went to the magistrate's court, where it is pending.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14637706", "title": "Get set for glory and guts on the slush track this weekend", "text": "MANGALORE: Have no qualms or fear about getting dirty in slush? Then head for the slush track prepared at Subrahmanya Swamy Temple at Haleyangadi-Pavanje near this weekend for the Tulunada Kesarugadde Kreedotsava. Organised by the Tulunada Kesarugadde Kreedotsava Samiti, the kreedotsava will give people the opportunity to get a feel of and participate in one of the enduring rural traditions in this part of the state - the slush track sports.The kreedotsava is also an attempt on part of the Samiti to remind people about the rich folk traditions followed by people in this region and inculcate a sense of it among generation next. Separate competitions for students in primary, high school and college students including kesarugadde otta (slush track race), himmuka otta (backward race), hagga-jaggata (tug-of-war), and three-legged race will be held on July 7, and for the general public on July 8.Padma Prasad Hegde, advocate and working president of the Samiti told reporters here on Tuesday that the Samiti is expecting competitors from Udupi, Dakshina Kannada and Kasargod district to come to Haleyangadi to take part in these events. Prizes will be distributed to the winners on the respective days, Hegde said, adding that a paddy field near the temple has been specially prepared to hold the various competitions.Recognising the fact that 'Pardana' is an inseparable part of Tulu traditions, especially with the sowing operations, Hegde said the Samiti has organised a competition in this category too for the first time. Literary competitions on topics connected to the land too will be held for students, he said, adding that traditional Tulunadu dishes will be served to the competitors on both days. Samiti will provide travelling allowance to student participants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14624713", "title": "A complete idea in modern football", "text": "Are World and double European champions Spain the most complete idea in world football? They are looking hungry for more success in the next World Cup in Brazil in two years' time but do they match up to other super teams across the world of sport?Well, watching Spain, parallels can be drawn with the West Indies cricket team of the 1970s and 80s in terms of their sheer talent, and Steve Waugh's Australians for their level of preparation and training. While their paradigm-altering football is there for all to see, Spain can hold their own if they were to be transported to the rough and tumble days of 1960s and 70s - an era in which Brazil excelled. And would the opposite work true for Brazil - can they repeat their success in today's fitter, faster, ultra-competitive, no-secrets-held world of modern international football? Now, that's a real debate.With his stocky built, low centre of gravity and devastating right foot, Pele was the immediate solution to a Brazil approach that had preferred possession throughout early 1950s, but which had little to show in terms of eventual success. Pele's entry as a fearless, attacking 17-year-old in the 1958 World Cup transformed a nation's fortunes, giving Brazil a potency that they had all this while lacked.A large part of Brazil's transformation also came in the way it helped slay the ghosts of the 1950 World Cup - when the overconfident hosts were beaten by the unheralded Uruguayans. Their first win eight years later was to set the template for a glorious period in world football, headed by Brazil in all their attacking flamboyance, and one which ran till the 1970 World Cup. The 1970 final in Mexico City is often regarded as the end of the old era in world football, and the start of the new.It was here that Brazil entered a period of uncertainty, arguably failing to match up to the earlier lofty standards even now. New systems were introduced, new teams - West Germany, Argentina and most notably, the Netherlands - emerged and the game took a definite European tilt. In all this, despite a strong club culture and with the doors open to foreign influences (Argentine, Brazilian and most importantly, Dutch), Spain continued to under-achieve at the international level.Today, a belated education seems complete. To understand this Spain, you will need to first take off the sepia-tinted spectacles and accept that the world of football has changed. Pele's Brazil was shaped around one man. Spain is the epitome of the 11 being one.Unlike in the 1950s till through to the 80s, today streams of influence - footballing concepts and thought - have flowed back and forth. And today, while Brazil famously hold no secrets or surprise any more, Spain have benefitted from these external influences.That is why it is not easy to slot them - not strictly European but rich in South American influences too. It is this easy straddling of two worlds that makes Spain the foremost threat to the once established norms of world football. In two years' time, as the World Cup heads for football's spiritual home, the high priests would be the little men in red.On Sunday, Italy - four-time World Cup winner themselves - were rudely made aware of Spain's depth when the masters of the stranglehold defence in football, chased shadows all through. In the run-up to the clash, Spain were being derided as boring, too self-indulgent in their passing and scoring too few goals. Before kick-off, Xavi had apparently logged in 435 passes for the tournament - a cool hundred more than Andrea Pirlo , his opposite number in Italy.On the night, Spain replied with a four-goal rout - it was reminiscent of the 3-1 rout of Manchester United at the hands of Barcelona in the Champions League final a year ago. It is the same Barcelona philosophy that Spain has adopted and polished to make their own.Spaniards make their football look very easy. However, it is extremely demanding to keep up with this passing game for entire passages of play without ever losing shape or composure - try making a few passes around with the same tempo, precision and shape. Clearly, a result of intense training from the junior levels, Spain also excel in immediately winning the ball back. It is a much lesstalked about feature of their game, but as equally crucial in keeping the 'passability' going.One of the most fruitless, taxing and maddening things in football is to keep running without the ball, and Spain are masters in wearing you down. It's a classic lift from the game of the street - it makes you look foolish, it is also hugely physically and mentally draining. Spain repeatedly saps teams this way. If they keep the same game going till 2014, their standing as the world's greatest team ever won't be a matter of debate but a matter of celebration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14619156", "title": "Was Purohit an Military Intelligence mole who went rogue?", "text": "NEW DELHI: With more details emerging about the Malegaon blast case, intriguing questions have surfaced including if Lt Col Prasad Shrikant Purohit was part of a larger official project to infiltrate Hindu extremist groups. Or worse, was he part of a strategy to prop up Abhinav Bharat to counter Islamic terror?According to several military sources and proceedings of a Court of Inquiry (CoI) against Purohit, he had kept Military Intelligence brass informed of his contacts with members of Abhinav Bharat, the radical Hindu group that carried out the Malegaon bomb blast of 2008 and was involved in many other terrorist activities. The jailed Military Intelligence officer had shared with his bosses, within days of the Malegaon blast, his assessment about the involvement of Sadhvi Pragya Singh and other activists of Abhinav Bharat in the plot.The disclosure is at odds with Maharashtra ATS's charge that Purohit was part of Abhinav Bharat's plot to hit at Muslim targets to \"avenge\" jihadi attacks on Hindus and their places of worship. Correspondingly, it strengthens Purohit's defence. The jailed officer has all along maintained that his collaboration with Abhinav Bharat was not part of right-wing Hindu conspiracy but flowed from his official assignment as a Military Intelligence (MI) official to track the activities of extremist Hindu outfits. It also conflicts with Military Intelligence's decision not to stand by Purohit when, as the inquiry proceedings suggest, he could have been carrying out his official brief.The attack on the Malegaon mosque, along with explosions at Ajmer's Sufi shrine, Hyderabad's Mecca Masjid, an explosion in Delhi's Jama Masjid, bombing of Samjhauta Express and an explosion in Gujarat is linked to a terror campaign that Abhinav Bharat, a group of ultra-radical Hindus, allegedly unleashed to avenge jihadi attacks.Many sources in the military, with access to information about the period when Purohit was posted in Deolali, say that there are clear indications that Purohit did not hide his contacts with Abhinav Bharat. More importantly, his colleagues have deposed before the CoI conducted by the Southern Army Command that Purohit passed on his contact, Sudhakar Chaturvedi, a key member of Abhinav Bharat, to his intelligence unit when he was posted out.While it muddies matter for the prosecution, the admission by his MI colleagues that Purohit kept them informed about his liaisons with Abhinav Bharat raises serious questions about the purpose of what the jailed official insists on calling an MI operation. How much did the MI leaders know about Abhinav Bharat's plans and the extent of Purohit's involvement in it, are parts of the puzzle.It is not known, for instance, if MI kept other agencies in the loop about their plan to penetrate Abhinav Bharat, or that they tipped off other agencies about the impending threats from the right wing groups. There is no clarity as to whether they shared with other agencies the inputs they received from Purohit even after the explosion at Malegaon. Sources say that it is important to ascertain whether MI's silence has to do with factors apart from the silo mentality which prevents agencies from collaborating.The proceedings of the CoI suggest that while Purohit had successfully penetrated the right-wingers, he could not gauge the specifics of their plans for Malegaon and other Muslim targets. Or was it that he did not share all that he knew with his bosses because he himself subscribed to Abhinav Bharat's objective of retaliation against jihadi terror?Officials tracking the case see this as an important question that has been thrown up by the CoI proceedings. There is a school which holds that while Purohit started as part of an official mission, he turned rogue because he subscribed to Abhinav Bharat's objectives. Purohit's long association with Hindutva sympathizers is cited as supporting evidence.The disclosures in the CoI underlining that Purohit kept his bosses in the loop, are being seen in the light of inputs about a possible plan to prop up groups in various parts against security threats. The plan, it is felt, resulted in support for minority groups in Bangladesh , for Madhesis, Indian origin people in the Terai region of Nepal , as well as those affected by terrorist and insurgency in J&K; and Northeast. This may have involved collaboration with the right-wing extremists belonging to the majority community, it is felt.Significantly, even an investigation by the CBI into \"Hindu\" terror attack pointed to the possibility of intelligence agencies being very familiar about some radical groups. However, the probe did not reach anywhere, and it is doubtful that the testimonies will lead to a full disclosure on perhaps one of the biggest covert operations of Indian intelligence agencies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14620917", "title": "'Coconut: Price stability is prime concern'", "text": "KOCHI: Sustainability of the coconut industry and ensuring price stability for farmers is of paramount importance, said Union minister for consumer affairs, food and public administration K V Thomas on Monday.He was speaking at the inauguration of Cocotech, a meeting of coconut producing countries, organized by Jakarta-based Asian Pacific Coconut Community (APCC) and the Coconut Development Board (CDB) in Kochi.\"In Kerala, about 35% of agriculture income is derived from the coconut sector. The contribution of this sector to the annual income of the state is 15%. About 98% of the coconut holdings in the country are less than 2 hectares, and the average size of a coconut holding in Kerala is 0.2 hectare,\" Thomas observed. \"Coconut was predominantly considered as an oil seed crop in India. Global competiveness in coconut products could be achieved only through increased productivity. The potential of coconut as a food and beverages crop should also be fully exploited,\" he added. Lowering of import tariffs, increased market access and free trade agreements have had a great impact on our agricultural sector,\" he noted.Around 200 delegates from different countries are attending the five-day meet to share their knowledge and expertise as well as deliberate upon the future course for APCC. The conference, with the theme 'Inclusive Growth and Sustained Development of the Coconut Industry' is being held in India after a gap of 12 years. The meeting will cover a comprehensive range of technical sessions and topics on the success stories of model coconut farmers and small-to-medium scale coconut processors. Experts from the scientific and corporate sector are attending the conference which will also discuss issues and topics relating to financial crisis and climate change, as well as the carbon credit market.The opening session of the meeting was attended by Romulo N Arancon Jr, executive director of APCC, Ashish Bahuguna, secretary for agriculture with the central government, Le Mamea Ropati Mualia, minister for agriculture and fisheries of government of Samoa, K Jayakumar, chief secretary to the government of Kerala, S Damodaran, minister of agriculture, government of Tamil Nadu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14626279", "title": "BJP announces jumbo executive committee", "text": "NAGPUR: In an apparent move to accommodate maximum number of party members from almost every level, the BJP has declared a jumbo executive committee for the city on Monday. East Nagpur MLA of the part Krishna Khopde, who declared the list, said that a large number of members have given posts in the new list.The body has four secretaries general, Sandeep Joshi, Rajesh Bagade, Ravindra Bhoyar and Pramod Phendke. The number of vice-presidents has now gone up to 46, with similar number of party members being special invitees on the committee. The special invitees include senior leaders like Banwarlilal Purohit, Rajya Sabha member Ajay Sancheti and MLA from West Nagpur. The new body also has over 40 executive members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14619573", "title": "Glimpses of \u2018Maya majesty\u2019 at Sector 14 park", "text": "The Sector 14 park, named after Netaji Subhash Bose, misses its glory days. There was a time, not too long ago, when it was considered one of the best in the city and was the venue of the annual Gurgaon flower show. It has neither of the distinctions today. The Sector 29 Leisure Valley claims both. What has been left is a decrepit and dreary ruin of what were once a verdant garden and a thriving nursery.To their credit, the present HUDA administration has woken up to the task, and has initiated steps to revive its appearance. Unfortunately, development of parks is not all about spending money. It also involves landscaping, which is a matter of aesthetics. This is where HUDA appears to be going horribly wrong.First, they have taken a leaf out of Mayawati's book and decided to install stone or concrete animals all over the park \u2014 not of the same size, maybe, but the concept is similar. Atop two of the entrance gates baby elephants flanking a stone object that suggests birds on a leafless tree, have been constructed. In one corner of the nursery attached to the park a menageries of concrete quadrupeds in white awaits deployment all over the park.Second, the colour scheme chosen for the boundary wall and some of the structures is so loud that it can make even a visually challenged person wince. Sections of the wall look like patches taken from a shade card of psychedelic paints. Kanwal Singh Yadav, president of Sector 14 RWA, who raised this issue with HUDA authorities, was told, \"Kuchh rang biranga hona chahiyee.\"Landscaping is primarily about arranging things as close to nature as possible and the more verdant and green, the better it is. It has to be \"natural\", not artificial, which is, sadly, what the new avatar of the HUDA park will look like once it is done.The entire area measures about 15 acres. Occupying half of it on the north side, lies a nursery which once supplied plants to every newcomer to Gurgaon. This, too, is crying out for attention. Just inside the main entrance on the Old Delhi Road is a dump for wrecked cars, some of which are so old that anthills have grown on them. Currently the nursery has only shady trees' saplings for sale. Plants that bear fruits or vegetables, or are expensive, would probably be commandeered by local bigwigs, so it is considered prudent not to stock them at all. Most of its area is lying unutilized because of the lack of funds and enough staff. It is run on contract and that means that corners are being cut wherever possible.Bina Pandya, a resident of sector 14, who is actively associated with INTACH, says, \"HUDA will give the pride of place to Leisure Valley. Even so the Sector 14 park can be developed with its own distinct character, taking a cue from our ancient heritage when \"gyan\" was imparted under trees, in natural surroundings.\" She suggests that, apart from providing a green lung to the area, it should inculcate awareness of the need to protect the environment. Recycling bio-waste, conserving water, using solar power and growing herbal plants are some of the features that should have a better claim on funds than stone animals and other things so very unnatural.A platform, somewhat like a village \"chabootra\", lies in the middle of the park. There was a time when it was used for cultural events. That could be revived, even though now its sides are, as HUDA bosses would put it, \"very rang-biranga\".Across the road towards sector 17 is an area where a large number of immigrant workers live. Their hovels do not have proper toilet facilities, so many of them use the \"green belt\" between the park and the roads around it to do the needful. It is also used as a dump for rubbish. Fortunately, this belt is being cordoned off. The Y-shaped steel angles with barbed wire and concertina wire on the top makes it look like it is dsabeing fortified as a high security facility, but as long as it keeps the belt green and clean, no one will complain.Landscaping of parks is not rocket science, but it should be left to people who appreciate and understand nature. More trees, bushes, flowers and green lawns with simple pathways intertwining between them are any day preferable to garish colours and stone figures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14620841", "title": "CM ignores Sikha barb, harps on party unity", "text": "KOLKATA: A day after Trinamool Congress MLA Sikha Mitra minced no words in criticizing her party's \"politics of sycophancy\", chief minister and Trinamool chief Mamata Banerjee on Monday didn't even take Mitra's name in a party meeting. Mamata's choice of ignoring Mitra's comments was seen as indication to her party MPs and MLAs of how she rates the latter.\"It doesn't make any difference if some one says something,\" the Trinamool chief said on Monday. Earlier in the day, seniors such as state commerce and industries minister Partha Chatterjee had said the Trinamool MLA was free to leave the party. However, Mamata made it sure that the defiance doesn't spread among the ranks.\"We are nothing as isolated individuals. We are a party when we stand together. The party won't tolerate our going beyond the party line,\" Mamata said. She urged upon the public representatives to shed their ego and work together with the people.On the party's stand in regard to the presidential poll, the chief minister kept the cards close to her chest and told the partymen that she would announce her stand three days before the July 19 poll.Mamata also stuck to her stand on the Singur issue on Monday. \"We won once and lost once. Let the law take its own course. But the government won't acquire land forcibly from farmers,\" Mamata told partymen in the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14620619", "title": "Heat can take a toll on health", "text": "With no respite from the soaring mercury, heat-related illnesses including heat cramp cases are on the rise in Tricity hospitals. Doctors are seeing around 40-45 such cases, every day. Though heat illness is self limiting, it can progress to heat exhaustion and heatstroke - both being severe forms.Doctors opine that children and elderly are most at risk when the humidity is high. \"We are seeing more and more heat illness cases, every day. Patients usually complain of fever due to the rise in temperature and exhaustion,\" said Dr Vikas Bhutani, medical specialist at a Mohali-based hospital.Those at risk of heat-related illness include infants and children up to four years of age, people above 65 years of age and older, overweight people and people who are ill or on certain medications.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "on sunday evening, anyone who asked ustad rashid khan how old he had turned on his birthday, the answer was", "code": "14634310", "title": "Ustad Rashid Khan's b'day bash", "text": "On Sunday evening, anyone who asked Ustad Rashid Khan how old he had turned on his birthday, the answer was: \"Dil toh bachha hai ji\". \"I am 25 and getting younger every year,\" said the maestro, before he hit the makeshift dance floor on the lawns of his Naktala residence.But before that, there was more entertainment in store. His students performed his favourite songs but what left the guests, including Usha Uthup , Swastika Mukherjee, Pt Tanmoy Bose, Nandita Pal Chaudhuri, among others, pleasantly surprised was a dance medley put together by his children. His eldest daughter, Suha, had choreographed a show as a birthday gift for him. Daughter Shaona burnt the stage when she shook a leg to \" Chikni chameli\" . Eight-year-old Armaan was spotted running around flaunting a pair of spectacles. \"But mind you, these are my dance spectacles!\" he said before rushing to the stage. As the crowd stood in front of the stage, the little one began his act with \"Dil toh bachha hai ji!\" Taking out a rose or kerchief (depending on what the lyrics demanded), Armaan was at his entertaining best when he shook a leg to \"Pungi\". What was endearing to note was how Suha stood on the right hand side of the stage to prompt her brother lest he forgot a few steps!\"I though my son had two left feet but today, he rocked!\" said the maestro's wife, Shoma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14622103", "title": "Proposal to shift airport to Nalanda not mine: Nitish Kumar", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar stoutly denied that he was behind the reported move to shift Jaya Prakash Narayan International Airport from Patna to Nalanda. He said an airport in Nalanda has been proposed in the light of the terms of reference of the upcoming Nalanda International University, which would require air connectivity.Talking to media on Monday on the sidelines of 'Janata ke darbar mein mukhya mantri', the CM said he came to know about it during the last week meeting of the monitoring committee for Nalanda University, which has been constituted by the Prime Minister. The chairman of Airports Authority of India (AAI), who was also present at the meeting, said an airport could be made there. The committee is headed by Planning Commission deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia. \"When they take the final decision, we will start land acquisition process between Nalanda and Pawapuri,\" Nitish said.About the expansion of the Patna airport, the CM recalled that in 2007 he had met the then civil aviation minister Praful Patel and a map for expansion plan of Jaya Prakash Narayan International Airport towards Phulwarisharif had been handed over to him during his meeting with the officials of civil aviation ministry and the AAI. He had also asked Patna DM to inspect the place and explore land to be given to the airport. But the idea was suddenly shelved by a joint secretary-level official of the government of India, who visited the site and said it was not feasible, the CM said.He further recalled that a few years back the issue of shifting the airport was raised by the AAI. Its team came for survey of an alternative place. They visited Bihta but were told that land acquisition was not possible there as large chunks of land of farmers had already been acquired for various projects. The team found Nalanda-Pawapuri an ideal place, Nitish added.About the cutting of the trees at Sanjay Gandhi Biological Park, the CM said the pruning of trees was a normal practice but felling hundreds of tress was not permissible. \"This is the only green belt here and it cannot be finished,\" he added.He was also critical of the policy of civil aviation ministry and the AAI and said they just forgot the renewal plan of the Patna airport. The state government officials had to rush to Delhi pleading for renewal of the airport. \"The running of an airport is not the responsibility of state government but of the AAI,\" the CM said.To a query that once the Patna airport is shifted to Nalanda, it would cause great difficulty to the local passengers, Nitish said, \"Many four-lane roads are being constructed to connect Patna with Nalanda and one can reach Nalanda by road within 50 minutes. All the airports in the country are located far away from the cities.\"However, he said the civil aviation ministry and the AAI would make the final decision to build an airport at Nalanda. The state government would extend its support and assistance to the project, he added.About the airport at Gaya, the CM said more land had been given for its expansion and now aircrafts of all sizes could land at the Gaya airport. The civil aviation ministry should consider starting operation of commercial flights from there, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14624873", "title": "WHO recognition for Pallium India", "text": "Thiruvananthapuram: Trivandrum Institute of Palliative Sciences (TIPS), the flagship program of Pallium India has been declared a World Health Organization Collaborating Centre.The designation has been accorded for a period of four years in the areas of \"Training and Policy on Access to Pain Relief. \"We are honoured and pleased to receive this designation, which allows us to link up our work in the relief of pain and suffering in India to the national and international bodies that seek the same outcome,\" said Dr M R Rajagopal, chairman and founder of Pallium India and TIPS.Today in India, more than 99 percent of the patients have no access to pain relief. Twenty-five years after WHO came out with a viable protocol for pain relief, oral morphine is still not available in the majority of hospitals . With this announcement, the WHO is showing its commitment to turning the situation around for India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14626833", "title": "Pranab Mukherjee in Bhopal on July 11 for campaign", "text": "BHOPAL:United Progressive Alliance (UPA) presidential poll candidate Pranab Mukherjee will be in Bhopal for campaigning on July 11. The value of votes of the legislators from Madhya Pradesh is 30,130 out of the total 10, 97,012 votes of the Electoral College.Congress Legislature Party (CLP) meeting, which was earlier scheduled for July six in connection with the upcoming monsoon session of the assembly, has now been postponed to July 11 in the wake of visit to presidential aspirant Pranab Mukherjee for campaigning, CLP leader Ajay Singh said. He said Mukherjee will address the gathering of party legislators.With 230 legislators, the value of votes of MLAs from Madhya Pradesh is 30,130; with value of vote of each MLA is 131. Value of vote of an MLA is calculated by dividing the total population of the state by number of elected members multiplied by 1000. In other words, value of a MLA vote is no. of thousands of people represented by the legislator.Congress, which is in opposition in Madhya Pradesh, has 66 legislators in the assembly. The strength of the ruling BJP is 154 (including the speaker) while Bahujan samaj Party has seven members, three independents and one MLA of Samajwadi Party .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14635829", "title": "I M 24", "text": "CreditsWriter-Director: Saurabh Shukla Cast: Rajat Kapoor, Ranvir Shorey, Neha Dhupia , Manjari Fadnis, Saurabh Shukla, Vijay Raaz, Lilette Dubey, Delnaz Paul Producer: Arindam Chaudhuri Genre: Romantic ComedySynopsisThe film is about a balding writer (Rajat Kapoor) who falls in love with a beautiful young girl (Manjari Phadnis) over the internet and is forced to lie about his age and appearance. What happens after they both meet and the girl doesn't find him the way she imagined is the story that follows.Saying the truth was always difficult, and lying, they say, is much simpler. Shubendu (Rajat Kapoor) lives by the tougher option. But when this honest, 42 year old balding writer falls in love with a 22 year old beauty queen , he is tempted to lie. What's more, his jerk of a roommate, Gagan (Ranvir Shorey), who swears by the magic of lies, helps him cook up stories. What follows is a hilarious ride of lies, cover-ups, goof-ups and contradicting tales. Shubendu begins enjoying this ride. Why didn't he know that lying was so much fun?! But at some point, the madness has got to stop. The question is: When?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14617026", "title": "3 MCA students nabbed with 500gm of charas", "text": "HYDERABAD: Task force sleuths on Monday arrested three MCA students and seized 500 grams of charas, worth Rs 4 lakh, from their possession.Acting on a specific alert, a task force team laid a trap and nabbed the three MCA students - Joginder Singh of Himachal Pradesh's Shimla, Bikash Mohanty from Pulbani in Orissa and R Venkat Subbaiah from Budvel in Kadapa district - near a shopping mall at Ameerpet.Prime accused Joginder, an MCA student of Alard Institute of Management Sciences in Pune, was in the city to attend a course on ASP (advanced server page) at a private institute in Ameerpet. The other two are MCA students of St Martin's College of Engineering, Kompally.A few days back, Joginder had sent his friend Manas to his native Himachal Pradesh and made him purchase 500 grams of charas for Rs 45,000.Manas handed over the contraband to Joginder in Hyderabad and the duo contacted their friend Bikash seeking his assistance in selling the product for Rs 2 lakh. Bikash in turn approached his classmate Venkat, who agreed to help them for a commission of Rs 30,000.\"The trio was planning to sell the product for Rs 4 lakh. We arrested them while they were waiting for a customer,\" task force DCP Ch Ramchander said.The fourth associate, one Manas, is absconding. The arrested trio have been handed over to the Punjagutta police for further investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14620991", "title": "UP government can engage lawyers of its choice: HC", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court has ruled that the state government has right to engage lawyers of its choice to defend its cause. \"But, the government should exercise its discretion fairly and justly so that, competent and qualified counsel are available for defending the state government's cause and assist the court as its officers,\" added the court.A division bench of Justice DP Singh and Justice Satish Chandra passed the order on the PIL challenging the recent appointment of government lawyers in the high court levelling allegations that the state government adopted pick and choose approach in the appointments. The bench admitted the PIL for final hearing and directed the state government to file counter affidavit within four weeks, indicating particulars of recently engaged government lawyers.The court said that in case unqualified and incompetent lawyers are appointed as brief holders, standing counsel or additional advocate general, then it shall hamper administration of justice and also affect the quality of judgement.Additional advocate general Zafaryab Jilani strongly opposed certain allegations pleaded in the PIL. On his insistence, the court permitted him to move 'proper application' for deletion of alleged objectionable allegations. The matter will come up for next hearing after six weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14632679", "title": "Akshay Kumar's son joins him for adventure holiday", "text": "Travelling without his mother or his nanny for the first time, Akshay Kumar's 10-year-old son gets an opportunity to bond with his khiladi dad in Singapore and MalaysiaWith Twinkle expecting their second baby, Akshay Kumar is suing the opportunity for some father-son bonding. The actor left for Malaysia last night to shoot an ad film over two days and will go to Singapore for a seven-day adventure holiday. And since Twinkle cannot travel at this point, Askhay wanted his son Aarav to be with him. Not only is this the first time father and son are headed for a vacation together, for 10-year-old Junior Kumar, this marks the start of his nanny-free years.A source told us, \"As a child, Aarav always a nanny to take care of his basic needs. Even when the Kumars travelled as a family, they always had a nanny with them. Well, Aarav is a grown up boy now and can travel without one.\"As for Akshay's plan after the shooting of the ad the source adds, \"He is taking Aarav to Singapore for a week long vacation and he will indulge in some outdoor sports with his son in true Khiladi style. He had cancelled his annual family vacation because of the ongoing construction of a nursery in his house but at the first opportunity, whisked Aarav away for a vacation.\"Akshay Kumar was unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14627037", "title": "2 kumkhis to start work soon at Chadivayal, will don safari hat in non-conflict periods", "text": "COIMBATORE: Tamil Nadu's first Kumkhi elephant camp in the plains will start functioning at Chadivayal near Kovai Coutrallam at the foothills of Siruvani on Wednesday as part of Rs 4.36 crore human-animal conflict mitigation project. Two kumkhi elephants (tamed tuskers) from the elephant camp at Kozhikamudhi near Top Slip reached the new camp premises on Sunday morning. Nanjan (51) and Pari (31) will now start work with the forest department to scare away wild animals which stray into human habitats. During non-conflict periods, the duo would be used for safaris for visiting tourists in the Siruvani forests.According to District Forest Officer V Thirunavaukarasu, this will be the third elephant camp in the state after Top Slip and Mudumalai. Facilities for the camp have been made at an expense of Rs 58 lakh. Forest Minister K T Pachaimal will inaugurate the camp in the presence of Agriculture Minister S Damodaran and all the MLAs in the district.Faced with recurrent elephant incursions into homesteads and plantations in the area, the department decided to set up a forest camp with two kumkhis to ward off wild jumbos. Many people have been killed and crop destroyed due to forays of wild elephants here in the recent past. The kumkhis will also be used to run an elephant safari in the forest. In one shot, the department plans to keep wild jumbos at bay as well as create a new avenue to attract tourists. Earlier, kumkhis were taken to Coimbatore from Top Slip and Mudumalai but the process was too time consuming and was logistically complex. A truck to carry the elephants to conflict zones and a mini truck to carry their fodder have been arranged.A tier-2 city, Coimbatore is surrounded by forests. The rapid growth of the past decade has taken the city close to the Western Ghats. Animals including wild elephants and gaurs are frequently sighted in areas like Vadavalli and Maruthamalai, which are now part of the Coimbatore corporation.\"The forest department has nearly 60 kumkhi elephants at its elephant camps in Mudumalai and at Anamalai Tiger Reserve and they are being used for elephant safari. Chadivayal will be the third kumkhi camp in Tamil Nadu and the first one outside a sanctuary area,\" said Thirunavukarasu.The camp in Chadivayal has separate shelters for the two elephants, quarters for mahouts, a cooking shed and a store room. Twenty hectares in Chadivayal have been allotted to construct the civil structures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14619049", "title": "Bad rains to hit govt\u2019s growth plans", "text": "NEW DELHI: Deficient rains this monsoon are expected to make it more difficult for the government to meet the growth and deficit targets as the agriculture sector will be impacted.While the government is yet to acknowledge the impact of a 31% deficit in rainfall, in private, officials admit that they are already worried. To begin with, the farm sector, which grew 2.8% during the last financial year, could pull down the overall growth rate below the 6.5-7% levels that the government is estimating.\"A sub-par monsoon is negative for growth, inflation and the fiscal deficit. A poor monsoon could shave off 40-80 bps off growth to 5.6%-6% from 6.4% currently. Taking into account domestic factors, our 7.5% average WPI estimate could be breached... but key to watch is the interplay of global prices (commodities and currencies),\" Citi India economist Rohini Malkani wrote in a recent note to investors.\"Indicators such as sowing of food grains and other crop reports need careful monitoring during the coming season, as they will be critical in gauging the impact on growth and inflation,\" added Barclays' Siddhartha Sanyal.What the finance ministry is also worried about is the overall deficit situation. While expenditure levels may go up to meet the higher spending requirements due to a drought, even revenue collections could fall short of the targets given that rural demand, a key driving force for the economy in recent years, would be impacted by lower demand for two-wheelers and white goods.Already, excise duty collections are estimated to have decreased to Rs 10,820 crore during April \u2014 May 2012, compared to Rs 11,343 crore a year ago, according data available with the Controller General of Accounts.Planning Commission deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia, however, played down the concerns. \"It is true that monsoon is late... may be a week to 10 days late. Just because monsoon is one week late does not mean that it is gong to have hugely negative effect,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14620804", "title": "Bus owners threaten to pull out services", "text": "KOLKATA: The bus operators on Monday threatened to withdraw services after the Mamata Banerjee government turned down their plea to raise fare.Representatives of Bengal Bus Syndicate and Joint Council of Bus Syndicate met transport minister Madan Mitra at the Writers' Buildings during the day. But the meeting was unsuccessful with the operators staging a walkout after the minister put his foot down on fare hike. Both the operators have threatened to stop services instead of going for a strike, to which, according them, the government has now become immune.Tapan Banerjee of the Joint Council of Bus Syndicate said: \"The system based on which we run our business will die a natural death if the government does not agree to a fare hike.\"\"We are extremely disappointed with today's meeting. We have waited for 14 months since the Trinamool Congress came to the power. Fuel price has seen repeated jump, without corresponding rise in fare. This cannot go on, and 40% of the buses are not even running on a regular basis,\" Banerjee added.He said since February 2010, the price of diesel has gone up seven times, but there was no bus fare hike. Members of Joint Council of Bus Syndicate will sit for a discussion on July 7 and decide on \"putting an end to the services\". It may be noted that 6000 buses, plying in the city, operate under this council. The council has members with 6,000 buses running in the city.According to Bengal Bus Syndicate vice president Dipak Sarkar, \"it is not possible to wait further. We are unable to pay bank instalment for loans and the buses will soon have to stop running completely,\" Sarkar said. Interestingly, TMC MLA Swarnakamal Saha is a member of the association.Transport minister Madan Mitra said: \"We have told them that there is no scope of increasing bus fare anytime in the near future.\"Meanwhile, Mitra on Monday hinted at introducing a fare structure for auto rickshaws in the Kolkata Metropolitan Area. \"We will soon make public a report on auto rickshaws,\" he said. A committee headed by Ashis Thakur has submitted its recommendations before the transport department. Mitra, however, did not want to make the government's stand clear on this immediately.Now, the fare of auto rickshaws is fixed entirely by the associations. it is decided random and also keeps changing. It may be a good idea for the government has to fix a fare structure the way it exists for buses and taxis,\" said an official.Also, the state government has to take a call on reining in the huge number of illegal autos.\"Despite conversion of the autos to clean fuel, many of the old, illegal autos are still plying on city roads,\" said an official.In the report, comparison was made with autos in other cities, and according to Mitra, autos are perhaps the worst in Kolkata. \"Elsewhere, they run on meters and never carry more than three passengers,\" Mitra said, adding that the findings of the report will be made public shortly.The Mamata Banerjee government on Monday turned down the plea of bus operators to raise fare, leading them to threaten pulling out services altogether.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "14620948", "title": "'Mani should not challenge law': Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan", "text": "Alappuzha: Home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan on Monday said that senior politicians like CPM leader M M Mani should not challenge the law. Instead, he should show the courage to abide by the law of the land, he said.The home minister was speaking to reporters after inaugurating the newly-constructed building of Kainady police station in Kuttanad on Monday.\"The CPM should make M M Mani aware of our legal system. The government will not go back from the legal action against M M Mani in connection with his controversial speech,\" Thiruvanchoor said.\"Director general of police (DGP) Jacob Punnoose has already constituted an investigation team to probe into the allegations against Congress leader K Sudhakaran,\" he said referring to the allegations by Sudhakaran's former driver Prashanth Babu that the former had hatched a conspiracy to kill CPM leader E P Jayarajan. Earlier, Punnoose told reporters here on Monday that the special investigation led by Thrissur range IG Gopinath would probe the allegations by Prashanth Babu.\"We will check the old files in connection with the case and if Prashanth Babu's allegations are found genuine, we will go ahead with legal actions against Sudhakaran,\" DGP said.The DGP also said that as former CPM Idukki district secretary M M Mani did not appear before the police in connection with his controversial speech, the investigation team has the freedom to take appropriate legal action against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14619512", "title": "Drunk man beats up cops", "text": "Five cops were beaten up by a 36-year-old under the influence of alcohol, cops said. Satish Alekal, a car sales firm employee, allegedly turned violent when confronted by a cop.He is said to hit Chaughule on his chest and fisted him on his face. Four other constables who tried to intervene were also said to have been attacked by Alekal in his drunken stupor.He was caught and forced into the police jeep where he kicked the glass and broke it. The Shreenagar police have registered a criminal offence against Alekal and sought his custody from the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14623522", "title": "Health department covers 75% of immunisation target", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The health department has been successful in achieving 75% of immunisation coverage task in both rural and urban sectors under the special immunisation programme being launched by the Centre. In fact, more than 79% children of set target were administered BCG, measles, DPT, Polio and other essential vaccines during four days special drive in the district.District immunisation officer Dr Ashutosh Kumar told TOI that 5,560 out of set target of 7,057 children were administered BCG vaccines. Similarly, 4,360 out of 6,000 children were administered DPT and polio vaccines. He further maintained that 5,030 out of 6,490 children were administered Measles vaccines, while 4,273 out of 5,693 children were covered under anti-natal care including TT first and second dose. He further informed that special drive would be further taken on July 25, 26, 28 and 29.Dr Kumar pointed out that routine immunisation services were offered to the children living in priority areas after the Centre declared 2012-13 as the year of intensification of routine immunisation. Under the drive, the health department teams had covered low performing areas including urban slums, migrant and mobile populations and marginalised population etc with an objective to improve the health scenario.He also added that primary targets were the children below two-year age-group and pregnant women who have not received all due vaccines under the National Immunisation Schedule. However, other age-group children coming for vaccination were also covered.Meanwhile, CMO Dr Ramesh Kumar said that under the Universal Immunisation Programme, children were provided vaccination to prevent DPT, Polio, Measles, severe form of childhood Tuberculosis, Hepatitis B and Tetanus for pregnant women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14636770", "title": "British Council announces Young Creative Entrepreneur 2012 awards", "text": "British Council has recently announced the Young Creative Entrepreneur (YCE) 2012 awards in two sectors, which include YCE design for social impact and YCE digital for creative industries.The award is open to Indian entrepreneurs between 21 and 40 years with at least two to three years' experience, working within these sectors in India. Applications are open till July 10.The winners from each sector will go on a networking tour of their respective industry to the UK. They will interact with peers and industry leaders in the UK and attend a relevant trade event along with winners from other countries. This is an opportunity for them to broaden their horizon and play a key role in increasing collaborative opportunities between the UK and India.The YCE award goes beyond simply recognising the achievements of these entrepreneurs but aims to reward them for their contribution to their respective sectors and provide them a platform to begin a dialogue with their UK counterparts.For the digital entrepreneur, it would be London Book Fair, the London Film Festival or Power to the Pixel event while the design entrepreneur would participate in the London Design Festival or the London Fashion Week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "14624160", "title": "Chakka jam ordeal for commuters", "text": "DHANBAD: The statewide \" chakka jam\" called by various transporters' associations on Monday turned out to be a pain for commuters who suffered due to the strike of commercial vehicles on the road.The state capital was most affected by the agitation as not only the long distance vehicles but the commercial vehicles like autos and buses did not ply in Ranchi. Most of the private schools of city were closed but the students of Class XI in government schools had to suffer the most as their final examinations started on Monday.Vishal Kumar, a student of Bal Krishna Uchcha Vidyalaya, said, \"I was worried about reaching the examination hall on time as none of the public transport facilities was plying so I started one and a half hours early from home and walked all the way to my school, 7km away.\"Not just the school students but the office-goers also suffered because of the strike. Kusum, a government employee, said, \"I started from home and waited at the auto stand for an hour but when I could not find an auto I took leave from office.\"The associations which called the strike also disrupted the traffic by burning tyres and demonstrating at many places of the city including Albert Ekka Chowk and Ranchi-Tata road. The strike supporters became violent against those commercial vehicle owners who did not support the cause. Shankar Prasad, an auto driver said, \"I was not supporting the strike but when I took out my vehicle, the strike supporters threatened that they would harm my auto so I decided to stay out of the whole matter.\"Ranchi City SP Ranjit Prasad said, \"More than 50 strike supporters including their leader Uday Shankar Ojha have been arrested for creating nuisance on the road.\"The strike was called against an Jharkhand high court order for not issuing permit to commercial vehicles which are more than 15 years old. Chairman of the Jharkhand Truck Owners' Association Uday Shankar Ojha said, \"More than five lakh people throughout the state will be affected if the order is implemented. The government should take back this order otherwise we will protest on a bigger level.\"Birendra Sahu, an employee in a private firm said, \"The court order is welcome as it will reduce pollution but the government should also think of an alternative for those who rely on these autos and buses so that neither the drivers nor the public have to suffer.\"In Lohardaga, nearly 800 trucks, 800 autos, buses and many other vehicles remained off the road. Mainly passengers from the Lohardaga-Ranchi local train were affected as they had to walk miles to reach their destination. Members and supporters of the Lohardaga-Gumla Truck Owners' Association demonstrated their anger on roads. \"Nearly 50,000 people in Lohardga and Gumla are directly or indirectly dependent on bauxite trucks and auto rickshaws. In the entire state the affected number of people will cross five lakh if they go unemployed because of this decision of the government,\" said Kanwaljeet Singh, the association president.The strike was also effective in Gumla, Latehar, Ramgarh and Hazaribagh. In Deoghar, the strike was not much effective as the transporter associations were not informed beforehand.In Jamshedpur, a modest number of long distance passenger buses were plying on the streets despite several transport organizations calling for a dawn-to-dusk strike in the state. The Tata-Ranchi route private passenger buses that were off the roads till afternoon were back to business in the early evening hours.The private buses that were traveling on the Bokaro-Purulia-Dhanbad route from Tata were very much running on their scheduled route since morning.\"It (chaka-jaam) was a token strike called to give vent to our resentment with the state transport department against a particular directive,\" said a member of the long route private passenger bus owners association.\"We are booking the seats on the Bihar bound buses but there hasn't been even 50 percent booking so far,\" said ticket booking clerk of Chetak Travels, a Bihar bound bus, at Bhuyandih bus depot.Even the passenger buses that defied the strike call witnessed low occupancy rate on their respective routes. \"Given that there was general information to all the passengers about the chaka-jaam in advance, passengers decided to postpone their travel plan or took to train,\" said Ranjit Singh, a bus owner.However, the passenger buses that were scheduled to leave for Ghatshila, Musabani, Chaibasa, Kharswan, Bahragora, among other places in the three districts of the Kolhan division stood canceled for the day.A section of the industrial goods-ferrying vehicles also remained out of service for the day owing to which few of the industries postponed their export plans for the next day.In Dhanbad, buses and three wheelers were off the roads in Dhanbad on Monday following a call given by the auto and bus unions protesting against the government decision to ban 15-year-old vehicles.The Bartand bus stand and railway station bus stand were the worst affected as no buses moved out of the two stands. Buses going to Giridih, Katras, Jharia, Govindpur and Nirsa did not go out of their stands. The three-wheelers plying between different places in the district were also off the roads.Schoolchildren were the worst affected as the buses and auto engaged by their parents did not operate their services.The bus operators created road blockade opposite the Bartand bus stand by setting up burnt tyres on the road linking Dhanbad to National Highway 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14619661", "title": "Body found in nullah", "text": "The body of a man with an artificial right leg was found in a Goregaon nullah on Monday. The unidentified deceased was between 30 to 35 years of age. tnnHis body was fished out of the nullah, located close to Ambedkar chowk, after locals informed the police control room around 11.40 am.The body was sent to the Borivali post-mortem centre for au autopsy.\"Prima facie, we believe the deceased fell into the nullah and drowned. A case of accidental death has been registered and a probe is on,\" said senior inspector Jaywant Mane of the Dindoshi police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14616928", "title": "The three letter word on prime time TV", "text": "HYDERABAD: Today's children know that storks don't drop babies in mother's laps. In fact, they know a little more than that. In an age where the friendly Google can guide a five-year-old's curiosity to find out where babies come from, sex education starts not in school but in living rooms. City parents who have children in the age group of six to 15 years say that it's television and internet which initiate children to the concept of sex.Parents say that it is almost impossible to keep the child from getting exposed to adult content online. \"We do have child locks on television and internet. But among young boys multimedia message clips circulate in rapid speed. There is nothing much any parent can do,\" said Vineetha Nambeeshan, a city parent. Parents said that even if children do not get direct access to adult content in movies, sitcoms on all channels these days have various references to sex. \"Most of the sitcoms which children watch today have references to sex by the minute,\" said Sajeev Gudavarty, a parent, who describes these serials as titillating. Studies say that children get accustomed to the idea of sex through images or conversations at least by the age of nine. \"The adult education which we initiate children to at 13 or even 15 years of age is giving the child too little scientific information and too late. There should be a new model which starts at a younger age where children are taught step by step,\" notes a study done by Kripa, a Bangalore based textbook reviewing committee.Schools too are helpless in dealing with the information overflow. For teachers who are asked to guide children in basic body development and adolescent character development, talking about sexual attractions is a little more than what they bargained for. \"We conduct counseling classes once or twice in a year as adult education is not part of the curriculum. But children already know so much. Besides we as teachers and counselors cannot venture too much into the topic as it is still taboo. Boys and girls are spoken to differently in different classes,\" said Swaraj Lakshmi, teacher, Army School, R K Puram. Children do not always turn to adult content online out of curiosity, teachers observed. \"There is pleasure associated with going through such content and children enjoy it as much as adults do. But there is a need to shield them from sexual perversions which are propagated online,\" said a teacher.With the information overflow through exposure to multimedia messages children are not just attempting teenage sex but also dealing with the consequences in their own misinformed ways. City doctors say that exposure to sexual content among children of a young age has complicated things a bit further than the usual fears about collapsing traditions and morality. While the number of teenage pregnancies among urban children has dropped over this decade, it is balanced out by an increase in the sale of condoms and emergency contraceptive pills among youngsters. Gynaecologists said that over the past five years an increasing number of teenagers are found to access condom vending machines placed at various locations in the city. Over the counter sale of emergency contraceptives has increased by 20 per cent among girl children in 13 to 17 age group, doctors said.\"Emergency contraceptive is the option that children of today turn to as an answer to all pregnancy related complications. Guided by online media, they try to self medicate. Sex education in schools hence should be updated to incorporate the changing trends of media influence,\" said a city gynecologist. With the internet and file sharing opening a gamut of half baked knowledge systems children should be better shielded from hardcore adult content till sometime.All the stake holders in the sex education debate, however, agree that talking about abstinence is not the only way to drive in the message. The counseling classes should be informative and apt for different age groups with different needs, city parents said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14625769", "title": "Nagpur University to have semester pattern for BSc too", "text": "NAGPUR: After implementing in the credit-based system for postgraduate courses this year, Nagpur University (NU) will now be adopting the same in its undergraduate courses from next academic session (2013-14). \"We will also be revising the syllabus,\" science faculty dean KC Deshmukh told TOI.\"All over India, universities are opting for semester pattern as it reduces load on students. Pune and Aurangabad universities have already started the semester pattern. Keeping all this in mind, the National Assessment and Accreditation Committee (NAAC) recommended semester pattern for NU also,\" he added.When asked about the proposed changes in the curriculum, Deshmukh replied that since the course load would be divided into two semesters of six months each, the stress on students would decrease considerably. \"The new syllabus will be upgraded with the latest developments. For MSc students, we have already upgraded the syllabus. The syllabus for BSc will be revised in one year after taking inputs from all the councils and boards. A meeting of the Board of Studies (BoS) is being held for this purpose,\" he informed.Ambedkar College principal KM Reddy said, \"the new semester pattern is both advantageous and disadvantageous. Students will be continuously on their toes as the frequency of exams will increase. They can also focus more on individual topics. However, the same will cause an increase in workload on the teachers as well as college administration.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14622991", "title": "10 injured as bus turns turtle near Sainik School in Bhubaneswar", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A bus overturned near Sainik School, injuring at least 10 passengers here on Monday. Police said the driver lost control while negotiating a sharp turn in heavy rain.\"Since it was raining heavily, the vehicle skidded off the road and turned turtle. Luckily the passengers received minor injuries. They were immediately admitted to Capital Hospital,\" a police officer said. The bus driver fled after the incident. \"We will arrest him soon,\" the police officer said.Sources said altogether 25 passengers were travelling in the bus, returning from Nandankan zoological park.The Sainik School turn has of late become an accident-prone zone with locals accusing police of poor traffic regulation on the route.\"We have been demanding construction of road humps at the turn, but police has not paid any heed so far,\" said Ranjan Hota, a shopkeeper in the area. Commuters travelling from Nalco Square towards Sainik School often face problems when motorists suddenly come out of the school, leading to accidents. \"It will be good if police deploys a traffic cop there,\" Hota said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14631355", "title": "No tiff between Salman and Katrina", "text": "A friend of Katrina Kaif rubbishes reports of Salman Khan getting violent with the actress on the sets of Ek Tha TigerA magazine recently reported that Salman Khan went back to his bratty ways during a patchwork shoot of YRF's Ek Tha Tiger in Film City. Apparently, the actor known for his mercurial temper blew his top on seeing his on-screen and former off-screen love interest Katrina Kaif step out of her vanity in a figure hugging, cleavage revealing short dress. And after showering the unsuspecting actress with a torrent of foul words, the actor in front of everyone, picked up a stick lying nearby and allegedly hit Kat.A friend of the actress chose to vehemently deny the act of violence. \"This is completely untrue. Salman and Katrina chose to work in the same film because there was no animosity between them. They got along famously during the Dublin and the Istanbul schedules. Salman cares for Katrina a lot. She is like family,\" said the friend.Lashing out at the magazine, the friend added, \"People make up a lot of stories. Only because they couldn't keep up to their commitment of making an appearance at an awards function, rumours started flying.\"According to the magazine, retreating into her vanity to escape the wrath of Salman, Kat called up Kareena Kapoor , who was shooting nearby. Kareena, who is friends with the actor, came by immediately to calm him down and no further harm came to Kat. \"How did the magazine know what happened inside Katrina's vanity when she had locked it? Kareena visiting her friend Salman doesn't necessarily have to be instigated by a phone call from his co-star,\" added the friend.Katrina who is working on two films (both for the same production house, YRF) currently and has more ventures lined up, chose not to react. However, her friend added, \"Kat has many projects lined up. She doesn't have time for silly rumours generated by the media. In fact she had to turn down Karan Johar's offer of Dostana 2 because she couldn't adjust her dates.\" But we have learnt that KJo and Dostana director Tarun Mansukhani is trying hard to convince the actress to clear up her calendar for them. Though that surely seems unlikely.\u2014Inputs by Subhash K", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "nagri (ranchi)", "code": "14624128", "title": "Tribal students on dharna to resist land grab", "text": "NAGRI (RANCHI): Dreams of over 70 students in Nagri village located about 40 km from Ranchi to become engineers, doctors and government servants have been dashed -- or so their parents think.Along with parents, the students have been sitting on a dharna since March 4 to resist forceful acquisition of 227 acres of land by the government to set up the proposed Indian Institute of Management (R) and Central Law University.Over 70 students of this tribal-dominated village have failed in their matriculation and intermediate examinations -- the results of which were declared recently. The current state of affairs suggests that the protests will continue.Subash Toppo, 18-year-old student of St Joseph's High School Kanke, has failed in his intermediate exam. It is for the first time that Subash, who wants to become an engineer, has failed an examination in his life. \"Subash could not study properly due to the protests which is a shame for me,\" said Ramanand Toppo, his father. The boy, who had passed matriculation in 2010 in first division, secured only 24 marks in maths and similar marks in physics and chemistry. Ramanand, whose 13 acres of land has been acquired, has been at the protest site day and night along with 12 members of his family. On the other hand, Amar Toppo failed in the 10+2 (commerce) examination. The boy, student of Marwari Boys College, Ranchi, failed in accounts. Similarly, Abhishek Toppo, a student of St John's School, Ranchi, scored poorly in mathematics, physics and chemistry and failed. Priti Toppo of Ranchi Women's College and Kundan Oraon of Gossner College Ranchi have also failed to clear their examination.\"Mathematics, physics and chemistry are difficult subjects. It is only after working extremely hard that good scores are obtained. The students could not put in their 100 per cent effort as their home and hearth is in disorder. Over 70 students have failed,\" said Dayamani Barla, a local leader who has been spearheading the movement .Manti Oraon, whose son also failed the examination, said: \"We may be poor but we never let poverty come in the way of the education of our kids.\" Manti's 50 acres of land, which supports her 60-member family, has been acquired. Students from Manti's family study at St Joseph's High School, St Xavier College, and other good institutions.Many students have failed in matriculation, too. Babita Toppo and Roshni Toppo of Anita Girls High School, Kanke, have failed in Jharkhand board examination. Both the girls, good students throughout their academic period, have failed in mathematics. Rajendra Toppo of St Joseph's School, Kanke, has also scored poorly in mathematics and failed.People's Front of India state secretary Arun Pradhan said though the villagers live in extreme poverty they are not academically weak. \"Several students from this village have become engineers, doctors and managers. The number of students who qualify the Short Service Commission (SSC) examination from this village is no less either,\" Pradhan said.Ambitious SSC examinees from the village are a disappointed lot. Ravi Oraon, Kamal Oraon, Amrit Toppo, Birsa Kujur, and Ravi Toppo are few of the students who have failed to qualify SSC exam which were held in April.Former Jharkhand HRD minister and legislator from Mandar Bandhu Tirkey is serious about it. \"It is equal to human rights violation. The students' future is at stake,\" Tirkey said.These unfortunate students, who along with 500-odd agitators are still sitting on a dharna, hope that luck will come their way soon. For, the villagers have decided to file a review petition in the apex court. The Supreme Court on Thursday had rejected a petition from a group of villagers who hadchallenged the order of the Jharkhand high court. The high court had directed the state government to start the construction of the land in May.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14633302", "title": "After Best Exotic... Tena bags first B\u2019wood lead", "text": "Tena Desae's Bollywood debut, Yeh Faasley, died without a whimper. But after bagging a role in the 2012 British comedy drama The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel opposite Dev Patel , the model became the media's sweetheart.But unlike her predecessor Freida Pinto , who interestingly was first noticed in a Hollywood venture opposite the same actor (now her boyfriend), Tena has decided to stick to the Hindi cinema industry. Her next will be Table No 21 opposite Rajeev Khandelwal - a project that went on floors on June 26.When contacted, Tena confirmed the news and added, \"Working with Rajeev is going to be interesting. I am really looking forward to it. The film also stars Paresh Rawal and I am very excited to work with such a senior artiste.\"Tena, who has already worked with stalwarts of British cinema - Dame Judi Dench , Tom Wilkinson and Maggie Smith , is now excited to work with Bollywood stars. \"She is very excited to be working with Rajeev. She loved his work in Aamir,\" said a friend of the actress.Table No 21 is directed by Aditya Dutt and produced by Eros International and Nextgen Films.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14619294", "title": "Power 'less' Raj feels the heat", "text": "JAIPUR: With the demand for electricity in the state breaking all records for the month of June-July, the shutdown of power generating units has further aggravated the power miseries of the state.With the monsoon's arrival being pushed to second week of July, and the dithering supply of wind energy; power distributors in the state are facing a huge challenge to meet the escalating demands.Six of the power generating units at various places in the state are not functional. The Kota Thermal Power Station ( KTPS) with a capacity of 210 mega watt (MW) has been shutdown for the past one month due to maintenance. The second unit of Chabra with a capacity of 250 mega watt (MW), unit three of Kota thermal power station of 210 MW, Dholpur unit of 110 MW, one unit at Raj West of 125 MW and one unit at Giral of 100 MW are not working. Another unit at Dholpur with generation capacity of 110 MW is operational for 5-6 hours due to short supply of gas.\"Some of our power generating units are shutdown due to unavoidable reasons. However, we have made the best arrangements we could. The uncertainty over the supply of wind energy is also a cause of concern for us,\" said Kunji Lal Meena, chairman and managing director, Jaipur Discom.The late entry of monsoon this year has added to the state's cup of woes. The electricity demand in June has been the highest in the state's history, claimed sources. The average demand for June 2012 stood at 1,484 lakh units (LU) with the highest at 1,606 LU on June 29. The demand on the same day in 2011 was recorded at 1,212 LU while the average for the month was 1,351 LU.\"Every year, we anticipate the monsoon's arrival by June 25. Even if it gets slightly late in Rajasthan, at least it reaches the adjoining states by June-end. With arrival of monsoon, the demand reduces drastically. However, this year, even in first week of July the monsoon is yet to enter the state and with the temperature hovering over 40 degrees, the power demand has only increased. Not only domestic but even the agricultural demand has seen a rise,\" said CS Chandaliya, chief engineer (power trading).The power generation through wind energy has also seen a dip. The installation capacity of wind-based plants is 2,000 MW but on an average only 400 MW is being generated from these plants. The supply which was earlier recorded at 300 LU in mid June has now come down to 150 LU by the end of the month.To avoid any deterioration in the situation, the Discom has canceled all the maintenance approvals of power plants. It is also buying power at whooping cost of Rs 17.46 per unit. Despite all the measures taken, power cuts---scheduled and non-scheduled-have been witnessed. \"As per grid regulations we can overdraw only when frequency is more than 49.7. If it dips lower than 49.5 it is not permissible and we need cut power supply\" says Chandalia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14618163", "title": "JK Hospital dumping medical waste in open", "text": "KANPUR: After Lala Lajpat Rai and its concerned hospitals, now the authorities of JK Cancer hospital are dumping their bio-medical waste in open.Decomposing hazardous bio-medical waste in open grounds and municipal dustbins seems to be a habit of hospitals associated with Ganesh Shanker Vidyarthi Medical College. On Monday morning, heap of bio-medical waste was dumped into the municipal garbage bin kept in the premises of JK Cancer hospital. Hundreds of used gloves, syringes and medicine bottle were rolled in poly-bags and were dumped in municipal waste bin.TOI when contacted the authorities of JK Cancer hospital Dr Avdhesh Dixit, Director of JK Cancer hospital claimed that he is strictly following all bio-medical waste handling norms. He also refused that any hazardous medical waste has been thrown in municipal bin by JK Cancer hospital employees.\"It is not possible that doctors or even class IV employees of JK Cancer hospital throw bio-medical waste into municipal garbage bin. Everyday MPCC van come here and collect all medical waste. You can ask them that we are very regular in decomposing this hazardous waste,\" added Avdhesh Dixit.Contrary to the claims of JK cancer hospital authorities, the officials of Pollution Control Committee (MPCC) said that they are receiving negligible medical waste from the respective hospital.Talking to TOI, Dr Vinay Verma, secretary of MPCC informed that though MPCC van is regularly visiting JK Cancer hospital, but the bio-medical waste they are collecting from there is minimal in quantity. The official also asserted that despite several reminders from the Uttar Pradesh Pollution Control Board (UPPCB) and Medical Pollution Control Committee (MPCC) no change has been noticed in the lackadaisical approach of the hospitals associated with GSVM Medical College towards 'bio-medical waste management'. Huge amount of used needles, syringes, human anatomical waste, contaminated cotton bandages and discarded and expired medicines are being thrown in open for rag-pickers.\"The average bio-medical waste from JK Cancer hospital is 250 grams per bed. Though, the hospital is having hundreds of beds, yet we are collecting least amount of waste from there. It seems that they are doing formality only,\" added Dr Vinay further.Its important to mention here that TOI brought the matter into light of hospitals associated with GSVM Medical College flouting bio-medical norms.\"One can term it as a daring attitude of the authorities of Lala Lajpat Rai and its associated hospitals or the irresponsible approach of the district administration and municipal department that huge medical waste is being disposed off into municipal garbage bins by LLR staff even after several complaints and notices,\" said an official staff of LLR in the condition of anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14624820", "title": "Kodi Suni popular among FB users", "text": "Thiruvananthapuram: A facebook fan page for a notorious hoodlum might not seem odd in a state where even snake catchers boast of fans associations. Kodi Suni, one of the prime accused in T P Chandrasekharan murder case, who was arrested a week ago, suddenly seem to have generated a wave of interest among the social networking site users.Several fake profiles in the name of the assailant have recently found their place in the popular networking site facebook ever since his arrest on June 14.A search command with the key words Kodi Suni returned with over ten results, including fake profile pages and a closed user group. All the pages displayed the photographs of Kodi Suni as profile image. One of them even spotted a cover picture of several deadly weapons, including rifles and swords displayed in a neat array.Meanwhile, the closed user group, titled Kodi Suniyum Pillerum (Kodi Suni and his kids) seems to burgeon ahead with as many as 57 active members in its credit.The law enforcers, when learned about the new online trend, have also taken the matter on a serious note. ''We do not know the real intention behind the creation of these groups and fake profiles. If it is proved that any dubious intention is behind the activity, the police would take strict steps,'' said a senior police officer.According to N Vinayakumaran Nair, assistant commissioner, Hitech Crime Enquiry Cell, there is nothing to worry about the phenomenon. \"This is just like fake profiles being created in the names of film stars,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "14624047", "title": "Governor lauds DPS students", "text": "BOKARO: Jharkhand governor Syed Ahmed on Monday praised the steel city for its good education environment. He said the schools here have carved a niche in providing quality education to students. He, however, asked students to become good human beings and to contributefor the development of the nation.Ahmed was participating in the Silver Jubilee function organized by Delhi Public School (DPS) to mark its completion of 25 years. Ahmed, who was the chief guest of the function, inaugurated smart classes in the school.Bokaro Steel Plant (BSL) CEO Anutosh Maitra was the guest of honour.Earlier, IG (North Chottanagpur Zone) M L Meena, DIG (coal belt region) Laxman Prasad Singh, Bokaro DC Sunil Kumar, Bokaro SP Kuldeep Dwivedi and other officials gave a warm welcome to Ahmed on his arrival at Bokaro airport. Ahmed during his stay said he is impressed with the greenery and educational environment of the city.Addressing the students at function, the governor said DPS students were a very talented lot. He also appreciated the girl students saying despite facing all odds they have been performing better than boys these days. Ahmed asked students not to take to bad habits as it will spoil their future.Pointing out that Jharkhand has a very good future, the governor said he was keen to know whu despite being a mineral-rich state, development in Jharkhand has been slow. \"I have constituted a committee which is looking into the reasons behind the slow development of our state,\" Ahmed said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14626955", "title": "Man who claimed wife was killed by burglars confesses to crime", "text": "COIMBATORE: Residents of Kottur near Anamalai in Pollachi woke up on Monday morning to gruesome news of the murder of a 26-year-old housewife by intruders who stole 60 sovereigns of gold. Television channels and dailies covered the incident quoting the victim's husband who claimed to have had a narrow escape as the intruders had tried to strangle him to death.As dramatic as this incident is, this is not the whole story. In a startling turn of events, police arrested on Monday evening, the victim's husband, a 27-year-old farmer who had confessed to killing his wife following an altercation. Police clarified that the robbery was fabricated, and there was no gold stolen. Neither was the farmer attacked or strangled as he had initially claimed.The murderer has been identified as K Sivakumar, hailing from Iswarya Nagar near Rangasamuthiram in Kottur. According to police, Sivakumar, a native of Pakkothipalayam village near Pollachi, had married S Sowmya, whom he had fallen in love with, five years ago. The couple has a four-year-old son S Sukash. The family was residing in a rented house at Iswarya Nagar in Kottur.Sivakumar has 15 acres of agricultural land. He was also engaged in the emu rearing business. On Sunday morning, Sivakumar took his son to Pakkothipalayam and left the child with his father Kalimuthu. When he returned home, the couple quarreled over financial issues.On Monday at around 3.00 am, Sowmya had asked her husband for Rs 5,000 to buy gifts for a marriage function. Sivakumar told her he required two days to arrange the money. An altercation arose between the couple and Sowmya picked an iron rod and attempted to attack Sivakumar. But he managed to grab the rod and attacked her with it on her head. She died on the spot.Sivakumar attempted to avoid arrest by tying his hands and legs and gagging himself. He then informed the police that a four-member gang broke open the door and attacked him and murdered his wife. They also stole some gold and money. Neighbours admitted him in a private hospital. Initially, he had told the police that he was unconscious when the murder happened. Later, he changed his story, telling the officials that he had seen his wife fall on the floor with injuries. Due to his contradicting statements, police took him into custody and interrogated him. He eventually confessed to the murder.According to a senior police officer, Sivakumar had sustained no injuries. But he claimed that the robbers attacked him severely. The doctors also certified that he was okay.\"Sivakumar's statements were contradictory and thus we began to suspect him. Later, he confessed to the crime and we arrested him,\" said E S Uma, superintendent of police, Coimbatore district. Kottur police have registered a case under section 302 (murder) of IPC and arrested Sivakumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "14622072", "title": "4 coaches record statements", "text": "PANCHKULA: Four coaches, including three of badminton and one of cricket, on Monday recorded their statements before vigilance sleuths in the connection with a bribe case against cricket coach R P Chopra, who was arrested on June 22. DSP (vigilance) Nihal Singh said the coaches have also submitted written records and the same were being scrutinized. The coaches were asked to appear before a vigilance team on June 24. However, district sports officer (DSO) Aswhani Kumar failed to appear before the investigation agency.Chopra was arrested while for accepting a bribe of Rs 10,000 from a cricket aspirant, Krishan Kumar, at Tau Devi Lal Stadium, Panchkula. A senior vigilance official said, \"Preliminary investigations have revealed that Chopra used to take money from players on the pretext of giving them an opportunity to participate in state and national-level tournaments.\"Chopra had also allegedly taken Rs 2.50 lakh from one Vikram of Naraingarh in Ambala district and selected him in a Cricket Premier League team in March 2010. The team won a prize of Rs 50 lakh. However, Chopra did not give Vikram anything from the prize money. The victim has filed an affidavit in Panchkula district courts against Chopra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14633745", "title": "Focus on inclusive education for SC, ST and persons with physical disabilities", "text": "CHENNAI: The ministry of human resource development is turning its attention towards inclusive education for individuals belonging to the scheduled castes and tribes, and persons with physical disabilities.The MHRD has decided to set up a standing committee under minister of state D Purandeswari to monitor the implementation of schemes amed at providing opportunities for education to people falling under these categories, and to suggest measures for enhancing their access to quality education.At the first meeting of the national monitoring committee for the education of SCs, STs and persons with disabilities in late June, MHRD minister Kapil Sibal said, \"Equitable access to education is an essential prerequisite for ensuring equality of opportunity and this calls for addressing the issues for enhancing the participation of scheduled castes and tribes, and person with disabilities in education to make inclusive development a reality.\"The national monitoring committee is being formed for the first time by the MHRD to advise the government on all issues pertaining to education for marginalised groups in society. The committee will also review the functioning of various schemes launched by the ministry for the purpose of promoting students from SC, ST backgrounds and those with physical disabilities in education.The committee has planned to set up task forces for each of the socially backward groups. Each task force will have members of the national monitoring committee and field experts. The task force is expected to review the implementation of MHRD schemes aimed at the education of these children, identify factors for the dropout of children belonging to these categories at the primary, secondary and higher education levels.The task forces will suggest monitoring mechanisms for the implementation of MHRD schemes for these students and suggest strategies to enhance the educational attainment of these children including suggesting changes to existing schemes and new proposals. The task forces will lay special emphasis on the empowerment of girl children. They will also be given the authority to oversee the convergence of MHRD schemes with those of other ministries to bring about a synergy in schemes targeted for the educational development of these communities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "dibrugarh", "code": "14626665", "title": "Pradyut Bordoloi wants flood loss estimate", "text": "DIBRUGARH: State power and industries minister Pradyut Bordoloi on Monday said the government has directed officials of all flood-affected districts to submit an estimate of the losses suffered by the people for early clearance of compensation package.Addressing the media persons here during his tour to flood-affected areas in Upper Assam, the minister added that over 11 lakh people have been affected by floods across 22 districts. \"In all, 92 villages of Dibrugarh district were affected and 66, 601 people took shelter in 35 relief camps. However, as of today, not a single person is there in the camps as all of them have returned to their respective homes because of the improved flood situation,\" said Bordoloi. He added that health officials have been directed to take adequate measures to prevent outbreak of water-borne diseases during the post-flood period.On the other hand, BJP national general secretary Kiran Maheswari, who is leading a 3-member delegation to assess the flood situation in the state, has demanded that the flood problem of Assam should be declared a national calamity. \"The Centre should immediately declare Assam floods as a national problem. The issue needs a permanent solution. Merely making aerial surveys of flood-affected areas in helicopters is not going to serve any purpose when the whole of Assam is reeling under floods,\" said the senior BJP leader after visiting the flood-affected areas of Dibrugarh and Tinsukia districts. In the last two days, more than 2000 people were rescued by army personnel in the flood-hit upper Assam districts with the aid of army boats and helicopters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "14624514", "title": "Bag with articles worth 50k stolen from scooter", "text": "CALANGUTE: A tourist from Jalandhar, Punjab, Major Himanshu Thapa, has lodged a complaint with the Calangute police that some unknown persons opened the dicky of his rented Dio scooter, GA-03-K-4870, and took away a bag containing several articles all worth 50,000.The bag that was stolen contained two mobile phones, a Kodak camera, two wallets containing cash amounting to 3,500, two driving licences, four ATM cards, car papers, a Jet Airways ticket, pan cards and some other items, all worth 50,000.The incident occurred on the intervening night of June 30 and July 1 at around 2am, Thapa has stated in his complaint.The Calangute police have registered an offence under Section 135/12 and Section 379 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14616777", "title": "Lissome Lisicki scythes through Sharapova", "text": "LONDON: Sabine Lisicki smiles and laughs on the court even when she makes a mistake. She can afford to. Her rapier-like groundstrokes are breaking through the defences of the world's best players and her sledgehammer serve is finding targets with amazing regularity. When asked about pressure, she counters, \"what pressure?\" On a blow-hot, blow-cold day at Wimbledon, Lisicki put out world No. 1 Maria Sharapova , who was out of range on her strokes and serves and failed to counter the 22-year-old German's dazzling brilliance on the day.Lisicki came through 6-4, 6-3 in 83 minutes. In the quarterfinals, the 16th seed will play compatriot Angelique Kerber , who put out Kim Clijsters 6-1, 6-1. The Belgian, who is set to hang up her racket later this year, is on a farewell Tour. On Monday, she played her last match at Wimbledon.Lisicki, who lost to Sharapova in the semifinals here last year, hadn't beaten her in their three previous meetings. When asked if it was revenge for last year's last-four loss, the stocky German replied, \"It was revenge for all three. On grass you have to have a good serve. It's a huge advantage. That's what I have. I like playing aggressive tennis, that's why grasscourt suits me. I also like to move on grass.\"Sharapova, who won the French Open last month to complete her career Grand Slam, said, \"I had my chances in the first set, but I didn't take them. A lot of the credit goes to my opponent. She played extremely well and did many things better than I did. You just have to hand it to her. The serve is a big part of her game. It helps her great. Of course, I could have done things differently, but not on this particular day.\"Sharapova, who beat Lisicki in three sets in the pre-quarterfinals of the Australian Open in January, battled back from 2-5 down in the opening set to bring the set back on serve in the ninth game. Lisicki then broke Sharapova in the tenth game to take the opening set.Play was stopped for 50-minutes when the skies opened up early in the second set. But if anyone was expecting a change in momentum it wasn't happening on this day. The German broke early in the second set, taking a 4-1 lead. \"As soon as I got the break of serve in the second set, I was sure I was going to take it home,\" the 22-year-old said.However, Sharapova is hardly the kind of player to hand over the keys and walk away. She fought on gamely, looking for various ways to stall the game and throw her opponent off balance. Lisicki, who needed three matchpoints, closed out in style, a second serve ace that saw the 6 ft 2' Sharapova in full stretch. The German sank to the ground to celebrate her win.In other fourth round women's matches, four-time champion Serena Williams shut out an inspired Yaroslava Shvedova 6-1, 2-6, 7-5 in 1 hour 54 minutes, in a match in which the momentum swung back and forth. If in the third round against China's Jie Zheng , it was Serena's serve that won her the day, on Monday it was her return.The American will play defending champion Petra Kvitova in a high-voltage quarterfinal. The Czech ace put out Italian Francesca Schiavone 4-6, 7-5, 6-1 in a last sixteen clash. Poland's Agnieszka Radwanska put out Camila Giorgi of Italy 6-2, 6-3. Radwanska goes up Russian Maria Kirilenko , who outpaced the 30th-ranked Shuai Peng of China 6-1, 6-7 (6-8), 6-3. In the bottom quarter of the draw, unseeded Austrian Tamira Paszek stopped Italian Roberta Vinci 6-2, 6-2. Second seed Victoria Azarenka , meanwhile, reached the quarterfinals with a 6-1, 6-0 mauling of Serb 14th seed Ana Ivanovic .Among the men, six-time champion Roger Federer battled past Belgium's Xavier Malisse 7-6 (7-1), 6-1, 4-6, 6-3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14623877", "title": "The holy river Ganga declining on a dangerous note", "text": "VARANASI: The Ganga, the holy river that provides physical and spiritual sustenance to millions of people living in its basin, is in pain because of less water. In comparison to last year's water level during this period the Ganga, is flowing at lower level (over seven metres below the last year's level) this year in this region.The records of the Middle Ganga Division-3 of the Central Water Commission (CWC) suggest that the Ganga was flowing at the mark of 58.480-metre on Monday while the water level of the river on this very day last year (July 2, 2011) was at 65.720-metre mark. The records clearly indicate that on Monday the Ganga was flowing 7.24 metres below its water level recorded on July 2, 2011 in Varanasi.\"It is a drastic deterioration in Ganga's health, and it is mainly due to the blockage of streams by dams and barrages in Uttarakhand,\" said Prof BD Tripathi, noted environmentalist at Banaras Hindu University (BHU) and one of the expert members of National Ganga River Basin Authority (NGRBA). The construction of dams caused reduction in the natural flow of Ganga that ultimately resulted in reduction of the dilution capacity of the river, he said.According to CWC records, the water level of the Ganga crossed the level of normal flow of the river in Varanasi on June 26, 2011 and continued to rise flowing 5.735 metres above the normal flow on July 2. But, this year the river was still flowing below the normal flow. The normal flow of the river is the mean of the measurements of the water level of a particular place taken in last 20 years.However, the authorities of CWC put the blame on poor monsoon for the reduced flow in the river. \"The low level of water is mainly due to poor monsoon and scanty rain in this season,\" said RK Dubey, the scientific assistant at the CWC. In support of his observation he also presented the records of rainfalls during this period in 2012 and 2011. According to CWC records, the region right from Fafamau to Varanasi recorded 934.2mm rainfall from June 15 to July 2 in 2011 while there was only 59.8mm rainfall during this period in 2012.But, Tripathi, who was on a 17-day intensive Ganga Yatra in Uttarakhand and field based ecological study in May, is not ready to buy the argument of CWC authorities. According to him, the natural course of streams was diverted through tunnels in several kilometers for power generation in hydroelectric projects. It resulted in drying of old stretches of water streams. The uninterrupted ecological flow of water is the most essential condition for the sound health of a river. According to Tripathi, In Uttarakhand, natural flow of majority of rivers has been obstructed by a series of hydroelectric power projects. As many as 16 hydroelectric projects have been commissioned on Ganga and 13 projects are under construction and 54 projects are proposed. Similarly six hydroelectric projects have been commissioned, eight projects are under construction and 24 projects are proposed on Alaknanda.According to a report -Floral and Faunal Diversity of Lower Middle Ganga (Varanasi-Farakka) prepared by the Ecology and Biodiversity Group of the IIT- Guwahati, the water supply depends partly on the rains brought by the southwest monsoon winds from July to October, as well as on the flow from melting Himalayan snows in the hot season from April to June. Due to construction of dams, a great ecological disturbance is produced in this area. The Summary Report Assessment of Environmental Flows for the Upper Ganga Basin of WWF-India also suggests that rainfall and water from snow and glaciers are the main sources of water in the river Ganga.\"There should be an ecological flow in the river for performing its natural functions,\" said Tripathi. According to a report prepared by the Consortium of seven Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), environmental flows refer to a regime of flows that mimics the natural pattern of a river's flow, so that it can perform its natural functions such as transporting water and solids from its catchment, formation of land, self-purification and sustenance of its myriad systems along with sustaining cultural, spiritual and livelihood activities of the people or associated population. E-Flows assessment is based on the assumption that there is some 'spare' water in rivers that can be used without unacceptable impact on the ecosystem and societal services that the river provides.It may be mentioned here that the central government has constituted NGRBA as a planning, financing, monitoring and coordinating authority for strengthening the collective efforts of the central and state government for effective abatement of pollution and conservation of the river Ganga. One of the important functions of the NGRBA is to prepare and implement a Ganga River Basin: Environment Management Plan (GRB EMP). A Consortium of seven IITs has been given the responsibility of preparing GRB EMP.Water level receding at the ghats of GangaVARANASI: The steps of the ghats along the banks of Ganga, which normally get submerged during monsoon, remained dry so far this year due to lack of sufficient water in the river.In 2011, the increasing water level of Ganga had inundated the Sheetla temple at historic Dashashwamedh Ghat and adjoining shrines along the riverfront when the holy Ganga river was flowing over five metres above the normal level. As a precautionary measure, the local administration had also restricted boating in small boats in Ganga in view of the rising water level.But this year, Ganga is still flowing below the ghat steps and sand bed is visible. According to the daily record of the middle Ganga division-3 of the Central Water Commission (CWC) on Monday, the river was flowing at the mark of 58.480 metres, which was 1.784 below the normal level.tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14622635", "title": "200 top officers enjoy best of both the worlds", "text": "PATNA: Over 200 senior officers of the Bihar government, despite residing in government quarters and bungalows in the state capital, have also been drawing house rent allowance (HRA) along with their monthly salaries, in gross violation of rules. Around 30 senior IAS and IPS officers figure in the list of defaulters.Moreover, though the state government raised salary and allowances of its officers and employees twice during the last 15 years, it has forgotten to revise the rents of its residential premises for the last 20 years.Expressing serious concern over the non-deduction of house rent from the officers' salaries and non-revision of rents, Principal Accountant General (PAG) Rajiva Bhushan Sinha recently shot-off a letter to the state government, asking it to take immediate action for deduction of house rent from the monthly pay of all those officials who have been allotted government residences.The startling revelations were made recently in course of random check of some treasury vouchers by a team of audit officers from the Accountant General's office. Consequently, the audit team conducted an in-depth verification of records of the Building Construction Department (BCD) Rent Division, which has the onus of calculating and realizing house rents/licence fees of government residences in Patna . It revealed that proper records for monitoring of realization of rent were not being maintained, said BCD sources.PAG Sinha also asked the government to take urgent steps for the revision of rent of government residences, so that no further loss of revenue occurs to the government exchequer.\"No revision of house rents/ license fee of government residences have been done since 1991...The state government revised pay of its officials twice with effect from April 1, 1997 and January 1, 2006 (with implementation of Fifth and Sixth pay commission recommendations, respectively), but no corresponding revision was done in the house rent though it was due in 1990 itself,\" the PAG has pointed out in his letter.Sinha has also pointed out that non-revision of house rents for over 20 years has resulted in a loss of several crores of rupees to the government exchequer. The audit team, in an internal report, said the revenue loss due to non-revision of house rent and non-deduction of HRA might exceed Rs 25 crore.Executive engineer, Rent Division, BCD, Awadhesh Kumar Tiwary on Monday admitted the receipt of a communication from AG in this regard and said the BCD principal secretary had written letters to all the departmental heads and DMs asking them to deduct house rent from the salaries of employees and officers concerned. He said necessary steps were being taken to comply with the AG's directives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14619324", "title": "Goons thrash builder in Nizamuddin", "text": "NEW DELHI: A south-Delhi based builder was allegedly assaulted by armed goons in the Nizamuddin area on Monday. The builder claimed that he had been receiving extortion threats from the men.The incident took place around 10.45pm on Saturday night when the builder was on his way to his in-laws' house. \"I was going to pick my children up from Chilla Sharif area in Hazrat Nizamuddin and had reached near Sunder nursery when a white Scorpio overtook my car. Three men approached me and forced me to come out. When I insisted that I did not owe them any money, they began to hit me with baseball bats,\" Ali said.The men allegedly made Ali sign a few cheques and then dumped him near his car. The victim was spotted by his brother-in-law who was passing by. He rushed Ali to the hospital. Ali has suffered multiple fractures. The victim has claimed to have identified one of the goons. A case of causing hurt, wrongful restraint and criminal intimidation has been filed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14619009", "title": "Seize actor Raghubir Yadav\u2019s property to pay wife: Court", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has ordered the attachment of actor Raghubir Yadav's properties after he failed to pay the monthly maintenance of Rs 40,000 to his estranged wife for last several months.Metropolitan magistrate Monika Saroha directed attachment of Yadav's properties and sought the compliance report of her order from the police by September 10.The counsel for Yadav's wife, Poornima Yadav, had told the court that Yadav was supposed to pay arrears of alimony of over Rs 10 lakh to the woman, who had approached the court in 2006. The court's order came on the plea of Yadav's wife that the actor, who has featured in films like 'Lagaan', 'Peepli Live' and 'Gandhi to Hitler', has again failed to pay monthly alimony to her.The court earlier in March too had begun proceedings for attachment of the actor's properties, forcing the latter to pay Rs three lakh to Poornima Yadav as alimony. The court had asked him to pay the maintenance saying he was doing well in commercial cinema.According to Yadav's wife, he owns properties in Mumbai and Jabalpur. She, in her plea, had told the court that Yadav deserted her in 1995.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14620687", "title": "Akhilesh govt targets 10% annual growth rate", "text": "LUCKNOW: Holding the first review meeting of the state planning department after 22 years, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav , on Monday said his government would create employment for 10 million people and achieve a 10% growth rate for Uttar Pradesh during the 12th Five Year Plan period from 2012 to 2017.Making a pitch for the all-round development of UP, Akhilesh has also said a proposal of Rs 3.61 lakh crore would be sent to the Planning Commission for the entire Plan period.Presiding over a meeting of state Planning Commission, a tradition most chief ministers including Mulayam Singh Yadav have not followed in the past two decades, Akhilesh said also said the government was aiming to make the agriculture sector grow at 5%. Also targeting a growth rate of 11.2% for the industries sector, the government, Akhilesh said would ensure the service sector in UP grows at 11.9% during the 12th Plan.Besides new policies for sugar, agriculture, food processing, biotechnology and renewal energy, Akhilesh also reiterated the state government's decision to put in place new policies for industrial development, higher education , IT and housing and rehabilitation. These, he said would attract investment from private sector. To ensure that the agriculture sector grew at 5% during the 12th Plan period, a proposal of Rs 33,677.44 crore, Akhilesh said, was being made for agriculture and agri-based sectors.He also said the state government, in the next 5 years, would ensure technological upgradation in 17.94 lakh hectares of farmland in UP, to ensure increased income for farmers. In the dairy sector as well, the chief minister said an additional 65% targets had been assigned for milk and egg production in UP.In Monday's meeting, Akhilesh also laid emphasis on the need to continuously verify and review development works in the state. Laying emphasis on the need for technological advancements in the way the government machinery functioned, he also said e-payment, e-procurement and e-tendering schemes would be implemented, shortly, in UP. Taking up the government's initiatives in the power sector, Akhilesh said the government would work to complete power sector projects with more than 75% work done.To improve the power situation in the state, Akhilesh also said an additional generation of 16,274 MW has been targeted, for which efforts are being made to purchase 10,868 MW from private sector.Directing officials to make serious efforts to strengthen food grain storage capacity, the chief minister also instructed Chief Secretary Jawed Usmani to continue reviewing the progress of under-construction godowns with a storage capacity of 10.5 lakh tonnes. This, Akhilesh said, was in order to prepare ahead of paddy purchase in the state.Taking up the concerns voiced by cane farmers and to boost the economic growth of UP, Akhilesh said a new integrated policy for co-generation and setting up of new sugar mills would be prepared soon. Saying sectoral allocations to the tune of Rs 1,25,835.16 crore have also been made for developing energy, irrigation and traffic sectors, Akhilesh said all district headquarters would be linked with four-lane roads.The state government also, on Monday, said an allocation of Rs 1.01 lakh crore was proposed for human resource development; the state government would also, AKhilesh said, work towards bringing down the drop our rate of children from schools to under 5%, apart from ensuring clean drinking water facilities to all urban areas of the state by 2017.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14620298", "title": "Red trouble may shut Bhilai plant", "text": "NEW DELHI: Facing serious threat from Maoists to iron ore mines which cater to the government-owned Bhilai steel plant in Chhattisgarh, the Centre has decided to deploy additional paramilitary forces in the area to guard an ambitious mining project of Steel Authority of India Ltd (SAIL) and help in construction of a 235-km railway track to transport ore slurry through the Naxal-hit area.The decision was taken at a high-level meeting chaired by Union home secretary R K Singh and attended by steel secretary D R S Chaudhary and others here on Monday.\"The steel ministry has told the home ministry that the public sector steel plant may face closure in three to four years if adequate security is not provided to the nearby mining project,\" said an official.SAIL had recently sought five battalions (5,000 personnel) of paramilitary forces to guard the Rowghat iron ore mines, spread over 2,030 hectares in Kanker and Narayanpur districts, which feed the Bhilai steel plant that may have to stop production in 3-4 years if new source of iron ore is not found.Official sources said at least two battalions would be provided in the first stage to guard the proposed project as it has huge economic prospect in the future. Large presence of Maoists in and around Rowghat is hampering SAIL's plan. It has agreed to pay for the security forces.The steel maker had approached the home ministry seeking its help for the development work of Rowghat mines which has over 500 million tonnes of iron ore reserves. SAIL had received environment and forest clearances in 2009 for developing the prolific mines, located in the Bastar region of the state, but could not make much progress because of Naxal activities in the area.The problem is so acute that Australian consultancy firm Hatch Associates, appointed by SAIL to prepare a detailed project exploration report, could not move ahead due to Maoists threat.SAIL plans to invest Rs 5,000 crore in the Rowghat mines, including Rs 702 crore for laying of a rail line from Dalli-Rowghat. The construction of the line has also faced resistance from Naxals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14622666", "title": "Power-starved residents have a harrowing time", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Residents in parts of Chandigarh, Mohali and almost the entire Zirakpur spent hours without power on Sunday night and Monday, as the electricity departments took hours to fix breakdowns.For hours together on Sunday night, there was no power in Chandigarh's sectors 35-A, 48-C and 44, as an electricity pole caught fire due to the showers. And a technical snag plunged Sector 45, Burail and Maloya into darkness.On Monday afternoon, too, supply to many areas was snapped. These included sectors 35, 37, 43, 44, 45 and 52. And at night outages hit sectors 43, 44, 37, 35, 36, 19 and 27, which also had to face an erratic supply all through the evening.Zirakpur residents had a harrowing time as there was no electricity the entire Sunday night and most of the Monday. \"The supply was suspended on Sunday night and restored on Monday evening. Even our invertor had stopped working. We could not sleep the entire night,\" said Archana, a Zirakpur resident.Tina Gupta, a resident of Maloya, said, \"Cuts are an everyday problem. These are not only frequent, but long as well.\"Gagandeep Singh, a resident of Sector 45, said, \"Power cuts are a menace. My two kids give me a tough time whenever there is a cut, as the weather is quite hot.\"Rude StaffIt seems the officials at Zirakpur electricity department are as 'powerless' as the town residents. When the power supply was snapped the entire Sunday night and for most of the Monday, a hapless Zirakpur resident called in at the department. When she asked when the supply would resume, an official said, \"Don't you have power back-up?\" Later, he said, \"Lodge your complaint with Mr Badal. We are paid to do nothing here.\" Well, if the state government cannot ensure sufficient power supply, it can at least provide some etiquette lessons to its power department officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14621424", "title": "Expect some relief from heatwave in next 48 hours", "text": "LUCKNOW: Even as heatwave conditions continued unabated in the city on Monday with mercury touching 41 degrees Celsius, the weatherman predicted relief during the next 48 hours. Pre-monsoon showers are expected in the state capital on Wednesday and arrival of monsoon by Thursday-Friday. The Met department forecast also said that are becoming favourable for the revival of monsoon and it may cover the entire state by June 8-9.State Met director JP Gupta said that the wind pattern has changed from westerly to easterly. The moisture in the atmosphere, responsible for high humidity levels, has been brought by the easterly winds coming from the Bay of Bengal.The easterly winds would push the monsoon currents into UP, he added. During the next 48 hours, he said, the east UP would receive light to moderate rain. The city is expected to receive rains on June 4-5, he said. \"If conditions continued to be favourable, as they are now, the monsoon currents would cover the entire state by the weekend but the intensity will depend on the energy it gets from the Bay of Bengal,\" he said.On Monday, maximum temperature in Lucknow was 41 degrees Celsius, five degrees above normal. It was second consecutive day that the city recorded above 40 degrees Celsius temperature in July.Earlier, it was on July 14, 2002, when mercury had touched 42 degrees Celsius mark and on July 1, 1954, 41.7 degrees Celsius. However, a change in the weather pattern was also witnessed on Monday. The wind velocity was high and sky was partly cloudy, which the Met department said a 'positive signs' of monsoon revival. The monsoon arrived in UP on June 21 but lost steam thereafter and has not arrived in the city as yet.The monsoon this year arrived in the country four days behind schedule on June 4 and its movement has been erratic since then. The Arabian Sea branch is stable since June 17, the Bay of Bengal branch is static since June 21. In fact, after entering UP on June 21, the wind pattern changed from easterly to westerly, which diverted the monsoon towards northeast leading to widespread rains in Assam, resulting in floods.Now, the easterly winds have gathered momentum again due to formation of cyclonic circulation over the Bay of Bengal. These winds are expected to make monsoon currents over the northeast recurve towards UP.On Monday, the other parts of the state also continued to reel under heat wave. Etawah was the hottest with maximum temperature 43.8 degrees Celsius followed by Fatehgarh and Jhansi 43.6 degrees Celsius each, Agra 43.4 degrees Celsius and Hamirpur 43.2 degrees Celsius. Alllahabad recorded maximum temperature 42 degrees Celsius, Varanasi 40 degrees Celsius and Kanpur 40.2 degrees Celsius. All these temperatures were 4-7 degrees above normal. During the next 24 hours, the state Met department predicted there are some possibilities of rain or thundershowers in the eastern UP at isolated places but the western UP would mainly remain dry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14618372", "title": "Dead donor\u2019s kin demand justice", "text": "GURGAON: Angry relatives of the late Rohit Chadha, who died in May during a liver transplant operation at Medanta Medicity allegedly due to medical negligence, want the \"influential doctors\" to be punished.The FIR (of which TOI has a copy), filed on June 30, names Dr Naresh Trehan, noted cardiologist and managing director of Medanta, and Dr Arvinder Singh Soin, a 2010 Padmashree winner, among the team of doctors.Chadha (40), a Delhi-based businessman, donated liver for his 54-year-old brother-in-law, Sunil Bedi. \"I feel sorry and guilty as he died trying to help me. My wife lost her brother and my sister-in-law is all alone,\" Bedi said.The FIR refers to a pre-operation medical report dated April 5, 2012, saying Rohit's liver was not ideal for donation. According to Chadha's relatives, the doctors at Medanta didn't refuse to perform the operation. Dr Soin issued a certificate declaring Rohit as a \"potential donor who will be hospitalized for eight days\".Bedi, who lives in Pitampura, said, \"Since we have learnt that Rohit's liver was not fit for donation, I'm now worried about my own health in the near future.\"The family was \"not asked to pay for Rohit's treatment for the last 10 days amounting to at least Rs 30 lakh because they know they are at fault,\" said Suman Chadha, Rohit's brother. The family has paid earlier bills of almost Rs 40 lakh.Bedi has two children \u2014 his daughter is married while his son is studying in London. He is now staying in a rented apartment near Medanta with his wife for his alternate day check-up. Rohit also lived in Pitampura with his wife Deeksha. They did not have any child.Rohit's body was handed over to the family at 2am on May 29. The family alleges that at least 15 police officers, including the SHO, and hospital security officials were called at such late hours to avoid any trouble \"because they suspected we would lose our calm, given the outcome of their irresponsibility\", said Sagar Kohli, Rohit's cousin.Soin operated on Rohit on May 7. But within a week after the liver transplant operation, he was again operated upon and the family was told it was a minor operation for the intestine, said relatives. But he was kept on ventilator ever since and he eventually died.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14625166", "title": "Maharashtra Regional Town Planning Act sections challenged", "text": "NAGPUR: Two lawyers knocked the doors of judiciary challenging certain provisions of Maharashtra Regional Town Planning (MRTP) Act, 1966, alleging its misuse by the civic officials to harass the citizens. A division bench of justices Pratap Hardas and ML Tahaliyani issued notices to chief secretary of state Urban Development Department, secretary of General Administration Department (GAD) and Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) returnable within three weeks.According to the petitioners, the MRTP Act, which concerns the development of the city, land layouts, and public projects, is being invoked by the NMC to issue notices to citizens regarding unauthorized construction. However, Sections 53 and 54 of the Act, under which the notices are issued, have certain loopholes that render them unfettered and open to misuse, they contended.If action is taken under these sections, there is no immediate remedy available to citizens to challenge it. The government has not delegated any powers to its officials to hear appeals at Nagpur or other district places, the petitioners argued, adding that those can be filed only with the government. Moreover, to file the appeal at Mantralaya for relief, the aggrieved persons are required to spend a minimum of Rs 30,000. Thus, middle class and poor persons are unable to get their grievances redressed, claimed the petitioners.The petitioners demanded that the powers to redress grievances should be delegated to the district collectors. They also prayed for declaring Sections 53 and 54 of MRTP Act as uncontrolled and provide for suitable remedies. They also pointed out that in most cases, corporation authorities were issuing notices arbitrarily under Sections 53 and 54 of the Act on the basis of false complaints. The notices were not amenable to scrutiny by any authority. The doors of the civil court are also shut for citizens. Therefore, citizens are practically remediless if a false notice is issued. Taking advantage of these provisions, NMC officials were misusing their powers, the lawyers alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14624825", "title": "Cruise tourism ready to make a splash", "text": "PANAJI: The rapid growth of the middle-class segment with rising purchasing power in Asian and South-East Asian countries holds great potential for cruise tourism in the country, Biplav Kumar, director of India Tourism said.Speaking at a cruise tourism workshop organized by the Mormugao Port Trust (MPT) in Vasco to highlight the importance of marketing and infrastructure in the case of tourism, especially in Goa, Kumar said, \"Several studies show that India will be the hotspot for global tourism in the next eight to ten years.\"But cruise tourism is still in its infancy. \"Only one lakh cruise passengers in 2010-11 and only 129 cruise ships came to Indian ports in 2010-11,\" he said. This is a meagre share of 6.29 million foreign tourist arrivals in 2011.MP and chairman of estimates committee of Parliament, Francisco Sardinha explained, \"Many people have preconceived notions of India and as a consequence of Goa.\"He termed advisory reports by some countries and reports in the media an effort to project stray incidents as everyday occurrences, adding that Goa is one of the safest places in the world.\"But care should be taken that all places and people of tourist contact, namely, customs, police, hotel staff, etc should come across as friendly,\" he added.P Mara Pandiyan, Mormugao Port Trust, said, \"Coordination between all those involved in tourism, namely, hospitality, travel agents, and other service providers is important as this will ensure an increase in potential.\"\"The Mormugao port has recently been upgraded and now has a longer berth which was built at the cost of around 100 crore. This berth is capable of receiving a 360m ship or around 8,000 passengers,\" he said.Yashveer Singh, director, India Tourism, government of India, spoke about problems plaguing the industry, while managing director of GTDC Nikhil Desai and chairman of the de Souza Group Ralph de Souza also made presentations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14623619", "title": "Shopkeepers unhappy with removal notice", "text": "RANCHI: The city is gearing up for Shravani Mela starting July 4, but the shopkeepers near Pahari Mandir, who are expected to benefit most, are not happy.\"The authorities have given us notice to remove our shops from here as, according to them, we are a hindrance to the devotees. We have not bought new stock of 'prasad' and flowers as we still don't know if we will be allowed to put up our stalls here or not,\" said Ramashish Tiwari, a shopkeeper.Secretary of the Pahari Mandir Development Trust (PMDT) and SDO Shekhar Jamuar said the shops were a hindrance to the easy movement of devotees. \"So they (shopkeepers) have been asked to remove their shops.\"The city administration and the PMDT are gearing up to provide better facilities to devotees visiting the temple during the fair.A road is being constructed next to the main gate which will make it easier for the devotees to go up to the temple. Jamuar said, \"People will climb the hill from the new route and come down from the main entrance. A partition will be made from the 250th stairs to make separate rows for men and women.\" A platform has been made in front of the main temple atop the hill where people can wash their feet before entering the main temple, the SDO said.Loudspeakers are being installed at various corners of the temple and LCD screen televisions are to be installed at the main gate to telecast the puja outside the temple for those who are unable to get in. Water filter and cooler have been installed at the top of the hill for the convenience of devotees.Ranchi deputy commissioner Vinay Chaubey has directed the civil surgeon to install a healthcare clinic on the temple premises.The temple trust is also planning to launch its website and open its office on the temple premises on July 4. Jamuar said, \"The office is important as it will have a TV which will display the footages of 16 CCTV cameras installed in the temple. It will help us survey the security measures in the temple.\"This year, photographers have also been given permission to set up their stalls and take photographs of tourists on the temple premises. Sonu Kumar, a photographer, said, \"I have been permitted to put up our business here and in return I have to pay Rs 2,000 to the temple trust every month.\"The shops in the city are also seen flooding with saffron clothes and green bangles on public demand. Harish, a bangle store owner on main road, said, \"The women have already started buying green bangles as it is auspicious to wear them in Sawan.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14622579", "title": "Movie treat for school students in temple city", "text": "MADURAI: Schoolchildren in the city on Monday were in for a surprise as they were treated to a feast of some children's films being screened in local theatres. Immediately after the school assembly sessions, the students were taken to the theatres to watch the films screened as part of the National Children Film Festival, which is being held from July 2 to 18.District collector, Anshul Mishra, officially inaugurated the film festival at the Sakthi Theatre in North Veli Street where Sundarkanda Mahabaratham was screened for the children. As part of the inauguration, movies were screened in 11 theatres in the city and students from many city schools were taken to the theatres accompanied by their teachers. The films included Sundarkanda Mahabaratham, Chellam, Mahek Mirza, animation movie Krish, Trish and Baltiboy, Lilki, Vettripathai, Aruper Arpattam, Engalal Mudiyum and Mudalai. These films will be screened free of cost for the next few days in the local theatres on a rotational basis.Chief education officer, S Nagaraja Murugan said that students from city schools were taken to nearby theatres for the shows. \"We have given the schedule to the schools to take their students to nearby theatres. All the city school students in the vicinity will be taken to the nearby theatres during the festival. The children's film festival is a good opportunity for the students to watch good movies with strong messages,\" he said.RM M Annamalai, state president, Tamil Nadu Theatre Owners Association said that all the 24 theatres in the city received the film schedule where they will be screening the children's films during morning show. \"We will screen the children's movies for three consecutive days as morning shows. Theatres were divided into four batches and students from nearby schools will be brought to watch these special movies. We will cover two to three schools in a day,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14620045", "title": "'Why would we bargain on my son's body?'", "text": "BANGALORE: Life has become a nightmare for P Anjaiah, whose only son Pawan Kumar, a techie with Cognizant , committed suicide in the US last month. He now has to deal with all the confusion surrounding procedures to bring his body back from New Jersey.\"The last time he spoke to me, three days before he ended his life, Pawan told me how good the climate was in the US. Pawan said he intended staying on till the project was completed,'' Anjaiah told TOI on Monday.Expressing anguish at reports that the family is demanding money from Cognizant, he asked: \"Remember, I am a father, not a trader. Why would we bargain on my son's dead body? All we requested is a job for my daughter in the company. Beyond that, we have not asked for anything else.\"Making it clear that they will not sign documents to facilitate the return of the body till they are convinced about Pawan's suicide, Anjaiah said: \"These are mere allegations and we should go through the US police reports first.\"Anjaiah spoke more about his son's last call: \"Pawan told me about his plans to buy a new car. He called me around 3.30pm and spoke at length, longer than usual. His mother spoke about his marriage. And he told her he would discuss it when he came to India in July. Little did we know it would be his last call.\"When asked if Pawan discussed anything about the 26-year-old teacher Danielle Mehlman, whose has allegedly been murdered by Pawan, Anjaiah said: \"He never spoke about her. We don't know anything about it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14621948", "title": "New system to distribute sand passes on the anvil", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Efforts to put in place an effective and hassle-free system to distribute sand passes in the city gained momentum on Monday with corporation planning to consider three new proposals.The move comes in the wake of increasing complaints against the existing system which is considered tedious and prone to corruption.Currently under the Nirman online sand distribution system, customers who need sand at economical prices have to first collect application forms from the corporation office.The forms to register their names are distributed every first and third Saturday of the month. Then the applicants need to go to nearby Akshaya centres to register their names and get the sand passes issued.But frequent clashes between people due to discrepancies in issuing tokens at the corporation office and instances of sand being resold after buying it at subsidized rates have put a question mark on the efficiency of the system.A tonne of sand costs Rs 409 at Vadakara and Koyilandy, and Rs 376 in Kozhikode. This excludes the transportation and loading costs. In the open market, a load of sand costs over Rs 8,000. Now one of proposals being considered by the civic body is to make sand allotment part of the process to approve building plan.The second proposal is to allow customers to enrol their names at corporation office itself so they need not visit Akshaya centres. Another plan is to allow people to apply for sand pass only through the Akshaya centres.To avoid manipulation of system, an area-wise quota of sand will also be fixed. Mayor AK Premajam said a final decision will be taken at the meeting of officials of the departments involved in the online sand distribution system.Under the existing system, a consumer can get up to 7.5 tonnes of sand per month for building a new house. The full quota of sand sold to build a house is 60 tonnes. For repair works, 3.5 tonnes of sand is issued per month per person. The maximum limit is 15 tonnes.Even though 4,250 tonnes of sand is mined a day from 91 places across the district, the civic body is reeling under sand shortage. A town planning official said that sand allotted to the corporation is not sufficient to meet the demand in seventy five wards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14621804", "title": "Euro Commission's 'Women in science' campaign gets a drub on networking sites", "text": "KOCHI: A video ad campaign by the European Commission, designed to attract more women to a career in science is drawing a lot of flak in the social networking sites.The European Commission's public-service campaign calls on young women to \"get involved in science.\" The one-minute video, 'Science, It's a Girl Thing!' which has invited a horde of hostile comments and 'dislikes' looks like a mix of a music video and a cosmetic commercial. A tube of lipstick forms the \"i\" in the word \"science\" in the title.The video shows three girls in mini-skirts, donning heavy make-up dancing and posing with lab equipment and mathematical proofs, as a male scientist watches intriguingly.While the original post was removed the very next day from the European Commission's website after it received so many negative comments, someone has uploaded it in youtube , where it is getting a lot of criticism.\"Because taking science and dressing it up in pink and high heels as a way to get women interested in it is condescending and offensive. Also, the part where the male scientist eyes the girls implies that women should get into science because men will find you attractive if you do, which is incredibly sexist\", read one comment.\"Am I the only one who felt like watching a makeup commercial or something??!! As a woman scientist, I feel extremely offended and disgusted by such ignorance and discrimination!!! This is the real world people; not Hollywood-made scientific barbies!!!\", read another.\"Good luck with the Nobel prize ! Just wear a short skirt and you'll be fine!\" wrote someone sarcastically. Meanwhile, the commission said that the video had to \"speak their language to get their attention\" and that it was intended to be \"fun, catchy\" and strike a chord with young people.\"I would encourage everyone to have a look at the wider campaign and the many videos already online of female researchers talking about their jobs and lives,\" the spokesperson tweeted.Commenting on the overawing negative remarks, the European Commission spokesman Micheal Jennings has tweeted, \"Commission doesn't really do irony. Hope was to get young people onto site. That seems to be happening!\"\"There is a lot of negative commentary on this on various social media,\" Jennings said, \"but some of (the commenters) are saying, 'OK, it got me to go to the website, and if I look at the website it is good and it is proper science and proper women in science and that is what the campaign is largely going to be about.' So I hope we don't reduce it to one video.\" It's the second time this year that the European Commission has invited controversy over a video promoting its activities. In March, a television spot promoting further EU enlargement was taken down after a storm of protests accused it of racism.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14620838", "title": "Langur kept in captivity dies", "text": "LUCKNOW: A langur, which is protected under schedule II of the Wildlife Protection Act of 1972, reportedly died of ill treatment at a prominent school in Aliganj area here on Monday afternoon. Members of the Animal Welfare board of Indian have alleged negligence on the part of the school authorities which hired the langur to get rid of the problem of monkey menace in their premises. They have also blamed the state forest department officials for directing the school staff to the man who had illegally tamed the protected animal and kept it in captivity. According to reports, the langur was not given any food or medical attention even though it was throwing up violently. Member, AWBI Kamna Pandey wrote to Governor BL Joshi and has sought action in this regard. tnn\"The incident smacks of gross negligence and lawlessness and it is requested that the matter may kindly be investigated so that the guilty are brought to book and such untoward incidents are averted in the future,\" read the letter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14622524", "title": "Kochi flight takes off", "text": "MADURAI: Monday marked the dawn of a new era in the aviation industry, as the newly-introduced Air India Madurai - Kochi service took off on its maiden flight from the Madurai airport. The new destination flight, AI 9504, left the airport with 19 passengers on board at around 4.45 pm.Flight AI 9503 from Kochi that reached Madurai at 4.15 pm also carried a reasonable number of about 21 passengers on its first trip to the city. The new flight service between Kochi and Madurai is operated on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays with an ATR type aircraft that has a capacity of 48 passengers and takes 55 minutes to travel.Travel Club, that has been promoting this flight had earlier planned to organise a small inauguration function in the airport premises but they were denied permission on security grounds. Most of the passengers are from Travel Club as the part of promotional activity and they said their travel was comfortable in spite of the heavy rains in the Western Ghats.G Vasudevan, former president of Travel Club who was one among the passengers from Madurai said, \"We were little disappointed that we cannot have any inaugural function. It was cloudy due to heavy rains in Western Ghats, but we had a safe and peaceful journey\", he said.Travel Club has seen the new connectivity to Kochi as the opening for international connectivity as Kochi airport has better international connectivity especially to the middle eastern countries. It is speculated that the new destination will attract good number of passengers from the southern districts bound to Gulf countries.\"It is a new destination and the flight services have to be promoted well. We will know the traffic trend probably in a month's time,\" Vasudeven stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14626811", "title": "High velocity winds of 160 kms wreak havoc", "text": "BHOPAL: Normal life in the state capital was thrown out of gear as high velocity winds with at a speed of 100 miles and more accompanied by thunder showers shook the city on Monday evening. It was a total blackout, as the city went powerless for five minutes.Power was restored in some hospitals and the state secretariat on priority. However, majority of the city remained in darkness for five hours while power remained disrupted in other parts late night as over 700 personnel of the Madhya Pradesh Madhya Kshetra Vidhyut Vitran Company Limited) struggled hard to restore services.D P Dube, the director of Met centre said, \"It was Cumulonimbus cloud that wreaked havoc on the city. It was accompanied by a high velocity wind of about 160 kms per hour\".\"They are typical pre-monsoon weather conditions when such cloud is formed. It was 8 to 10 kms in height\".The winds that swept past most parts of the city had its instant affect. \"More than 100 trees were uprooted that fell on the power cable lines\", said M S Yadav, General Manager of Bhopal MP MKVVCL while talking to TOI.\"In the first five minutes of the storm, the whole of Bhopal was plunged into darkness\", he said adding, \"in the next five minutes, we restored power supply to the Secretariat and the city hospitals\".\"The hoardings proved to be more dangerous as they were damaged and dangled dangerously, some of them later fell on the power cables snapping power, said Yadav.The effect of the storm was felt more in Idgah hills and Arera colony region. Yadav sad that power supply was restored in large part of the city however, parts of Idgah and Arera colony were still under the cover of darkness\".TOI office was flooded with telephone calls from residents across the city who complained that power has not been restored in most parts. Till late in the night, many parts of BHEL locality, Sonagiri, Ayodhya by-pass, Karond, Khajuri Kalan, Awadhpuri, and large number of localities on the Hoshangabad road, the Press Complex, Kolar road still experienced power cuts.Yadav said that when the power goes off after a storm, safety of the residents is the first priority before the efforts to restore the power supply starts.Similar weather conditions were witnessed on June 11 when high velocity of wind of about 75 kms per hour, damaged electricity supplies. This time the wind velocity was almost double and hence the damage was also more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14623727", "title": "Ramesh admits Abhujmaad in Chhattisgarh 'liberated' zone", "text": "RANCHI: The Union rural development minister has endorsed the claim that the Maoists have been making since long.Jairam Ramesh here on Sunday admitted that Abhujmaad is a liberated zone of the Maoists where both central and state governments have no reach. Talking to TOI, he said his ministry was unable to take up development projects in the region because of lack of administration.He was answering a question as to why Saranda or Sarju in Jharkhand were picked up for accelerated developmental action plan, while the Bastar region in Chhattisgarh, especially the southern part of the state where the forests extend to Maharashtra, Odisha and Andhra Pradesh and is more under-developed and has been serving a fertile ground to the Maoist movement, was not. Ramesh said he was aware of the remoteness and underdevelopment of the region but no government schemes could be floated in the region because of robust presence of the Maoists and lack of administrative approach. \"Abujhmaad is a liberated zone where governments have not been able to reach. It is not possible for our ministry to carry out any development programme there,\" he said.Abujhmaad is a forest region spread over 4,000 sqkm in south Chhattisgarh that extends to Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh and Odisha.\"We decided to launch Saranda and Sarju action (development) plans because the necessary security actions were successful in these parts,\" he said adding that some effort had been made in Sukma district of Chhattisgarh. \"There are certain pockets in southern Chhattisgarh that have been out of our touch since Independence and places like Bijapur, Narainpur, Dantewada and Sukma in Chhattisgarh, Malkangiri in Odisha, Gadhchiroli in Maharashtra have come under the influence of the Maoists,\" he said.Speaking about his plans to deal with the Maoists so that the government can penetrate into the liberated zones, Ramesh said a four-fold strategy was required under which development and security action must be followed by political mobilization and justice to the people. \"Unless political parties of different hues initiate and intensify their activities, the youths will be attracted to the Maoists, the only voice heard in these regions,\" he said.Asked about the logic of confining Saranda action plan to Jharkhand whereas the Saranda forests extend deep into Odisha as well, Ramesh said his ministry was now planning to incorporate the plan into parts of Odisha. \"During this visit I was told by the local MLA Gurcharan Nayak that several districts of Odisha come under Saranda and there is an urgent need to initiate developmental plans there,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14617567", "title": "Humidity level rises, predictions of rain", "text": "KANPUR: The easterlies winds brought down the maximum temperature on Monday. Humidity gave a tough time to the people.The maximum temperature stood at 39.8 degrees. This was 3.2 degrees less than that of Sunday. The minimum temperature touched 28.2 degrees, around one degree higher than the previous day.The humidity was 70% in the morning, which reduced to 45% in evening.According to the predictions of met department of Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology, the change in wind directions from westerly to easterly had developed cyclonic conditions and this may cause rain showers soon.The weather scientists have also predicted isolated rains across the region in the next 48 hours.City facing severe power cuts: The city continues to face rampant power rostering especially at a time when it has missed date with monsoons. The rostering hours have also increased manifold. If a fault occurs in a transformer or electricity pole, the number of hours of rostering goes up. On an average the city is just getting power for some 16-18 hours a day. The power production has declined considerably at various power plants in the state. As a result, leaving apart the cities like state capital, Allahabad, Kannauj, Etawah, Mainpuri, other districts of the state are facing severe power rostering including Kanpur.The power scenario is so poor in the city that rostering (though done in phases) is witnessing powercuts for nearly five to seven hours each day. The repairing of the faults (if occurs any in transfromers) takes another two-three hours. The total number of rostering hours therefore, goes upto 7-8 hours each day. This stepmotherly treatment is being given to the industrial city at the hands of Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Limited and Kesco. The Kesco officials claim that the rostering done in phases is actually the prerogative of UPPCL and that they have nothing to do with it. They claimed that the rostering is not done by Kesco.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "green park (civil lines)", "code": "14620707", "title": "Kauras make a splash at home", "text": "GREEN PARK (CIVIL LINES): Nothing helps beat the heat like jumping in nice cool water. While the rest brave the rising mercury in city, the Kauras enjoy keeping cool in their very own splash pool at their residence in Green Park area in Civil Lines.Naval Kaura, 45, who is a businessman, was inspired to have a splash pool built when he saw one in a house in Surrey in 1986. He said, \"When I was a student of Bachelors in Arts at Arya College in Civil Lines in 1986, I went to England to meet my sister Neena and my brother-in-law Pawan Nayyar. One day I got a chance to visit a house in Surrey, where I saw a beautiful splash pool. I fell in love with it instantly and decided to have my very own back home.\" He added, \"After I returned, I completed graduation and started my own business. In 1990, I fulfilled my long desire and had the same splash pool constructed at my house, which took us literally four months to build.\"Later, Naval got married to Deepti, a fine arts teacher, and the couple was blessed with a daughter Lakshmi and son Raghav. Naval said, \"Having a pool at home is a great way to beat the heat while enjoying the company of loved ones in the comfort of home. We all love to take a dip in the pool and spend quality time with each other.\"Detailing the splash pool, Naval said, \"It has a diameter of about 9 feet and is around 2 feet deep. It's capacity is around 3,000 litres and four people can easily take a dip in it. The pool has water drawn by submersible pump, which throws it from a height of eight feet into the pool. It also has a fountain with a water motor connected.\"He added, \"Also keeping in mind acute scarcity of water everywhere during summer, we make it a point to not waste used water from the pool. We use it for watering our trees and plants in the garden.\"Naval's son Raghav, who studies in Class VII at KVM Civil Lines, said \"I love to take a dip in the pool during summer. It's the best way to beat the heat - even better than sitting inside an air conditioned room! The best thing is that we recycle this water for gardening.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14619739", "title": "Yet again, Madhya Pradesh tops in cases of feticide", "text": "INDORE: If the National Crime Record Bureau (NCRB) report is to be believed, the state has yet again achieved the dubious distinction of being the feticide capital of the country, that too with a higher number this year. Ironically, the state holds the record even after campaigns like \"save girl child\". However, the infanticide cases have shown a minor improvement as compared to last year.The data collected by the NCRB from the state show that out of the 132 cases of feticide reported in the country in 2011, Madhya Pradesh tops with 38 cases in the country with a rise of 20 cases as compared to last year. In 2010, a total of 111 feticide cases were reported in the country, out of which 18 were from the state. Indicating a rise of 18.9 per cent in these cases Madhya Pradesh ranks first (38) followed by Chhattisgarh , Punjab, Rajasthan and Uttar Pradesh with 21, 15, 13 and 12 cases respectively.These five states together account for 75 per cent of such cases reported in the country. The report, this year, shows more dismal picture of the society as such a crime has surpassed the last three years figures.Actual feticide figures could be higher: ExpertsIn 2009, the cases of feticide reported in the country were 123, which declined in 2010 with 111 cases being reported but again in 2011 the cases in the country along with Madhya Pradesh have seen a rise. Though the yearly report has been indicating a fluctuating trend of feticide in the country, health activists believe that the figure does not present the real picture. The actual figure is high.\"NCRB figures under-report crime. The crime rate has increased. Recently, a few centres were penalized for non-maintenance of records,\" said Mukesh Sinha executive director of Madhya Pradesh Voluntary Health Association. According to the annual survey - Sample Registration Survey, conducted by the United Nations Population Fund , it is estimated that more than 6 lakh girl child in the country are aborted due to sex selection. The figure in MP is around 17,000. According to the census 2011, the state has lost 20 points in the child sex ratio since 2001. The girl count in state has come down from 932 girls per 1,000 boys in 2001 to 912 in a decade. Experts fear that if trend continues in the years to come then 2021 could show these figures below 900 posing a serious problem similar to Haryana in the state. The NCRB report also reveals that the state holds first rank with Uttar Pradesh in infanticide cases with both reporting 13 cases each out of total 63 in 2011. Last year, state was second in infanticide cases (20) next only to Uttar Pradesh (31). Both the states had accounted for 51 cases out of 100 reported at the national level. The cases of infanticides in the country have shown downward trend. In 2010, the number went up to 100 cases from 63 in 2009, which are again 63 in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "srikakulam", "code": "14617257", "title": "Lakshmipet case: RDO shifted", "text": "SRIKAKULAM: Soon after the suspension of two police officials, two revenue officials on Monday came under scanner in connection with the Lakshmipet carnage. in which five dalits were killed by their opponents three weeks ago.Palakonda RDO Venkateswara Rao was shifted by posting Dayanidhi in his place while Vangara tehsildar A Simhachalam was suspended by the district administration for not discharging his duties. The Rajam tehsildar was given the additional responsibility.The investigating agency CID, has arrested 66 persons, including prime accused, former ZPTC members Botsa Vasudeva Rao and Congress party worker Avula Srinivasa Rao.The district authorities have already suspended the Rajam circle-inspector and Vangara sub-inspector.Principal secretary of social welfare department Raymond Peter, who visited the village, said that the failure of the revenue officials in controlling the situation at Lakshmipet was glaring. President of Madiga Vidyardhi Trust AV Patel, who visited the village, demanded the government to provide revolvers to all the dalit families for self-protection.Dalit rights leader Katti Padma Rao urged the government to order a CBI inquiry and allot five acres of land to each dalit family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14626201", "title": "Two held with desi katta", "text": "NAGPUR: Koradi police have arrested two people for possessing country-made gun and some other weapons. Sayyed Imran (30), a resident of Jai Hind Nagar, and Shaikh Nadim Jiyauddin (28) from Pension Nagar were granted police custody till July 4. They were produced in the district court on Monday afternoon.They were arrested on Sunday evening near Mankapur railway crossing. Police said the youths were found loitering suspiciously near the railway crossing. On interrogating them, they started giving contradictory statements. On further checking, cops found the desi katta and few sharp weapons from them. Police suspect they were planning a major robbery.Police said Imran has many offences of rioting, looting and other serious offences registered against him at many city police stations. Jiyauddin also has many minor offences against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14617117", "title": "Arrest cuts short Naidu's dharna for ryots", "text": "HYDERABAD: Telugu Desam Party (TDP) president Chandrababu Naidu was taken into preventive custody on Monday along with CPI secretary K Narayana and several others when they tried to march towards the Secretariat to confront the chief minister over the plight of farmers.Soon after staging a dharna at Indira Park to protest against the government's apathy towards farmers' problems, Naidu and Narayana proceeded along with their followers to the Secretariat where they had planned to hold a sit-in. However, they were stopped midway by the cops. Although TDP workers tried to resist the cops, Naidu and Narayana were taken into custody and driven away to Banjara Hills police station. Later, the police released Naidu along with Narayana.Earlier, Naidu launched a scathing attack on the Kiran Kumar Reddy government for neglecting the farmers' needs. He said that the government could not even ensure adequate supply of inputs to support agricultural operations in the kharif season. He complained about the severe shortage of seed and fertilizers and alleged that tenant farmers were being deprived of bank loans.Naidu had last week staged a dharna in Vijayawada demanding that the government construct a flyover at the foot of Indrakeeladri hill.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14622234", "title": "2 projects to boost shopping tourism", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A multi-level parking with space for 900 cars and multi-media water laser show for promoting shopping tourism has been approved by ministry of tourism for Chandigarh's commercial hub, Sector 17. The parking lot, which will have three levels under the ground, will come up at Inter State Bus Terminus (ISBT), Sector 17, at a cost of Rs 40 crore, with financial assistance from the ministry. It is expected to help in bringing down traffic congestion in the area in a big way. An initial grant of Rs 5 crore will be sanctioned shortly.The laser show will be a delight for thousands of visitors coming to the plaza and make their shopping expeditions memorable. MC too had mooted a proposal to have laser show there, but it couldn't take off after getting mired in controversies.The two proposals were given a go-ahead at a meeting with special secretary tourism, ministry of tourism, Sanjay Kothari with UT adviser K K Sharma and UT home secretary Anil Kumar on Monday.UT administration has been struggling to find a solution to the growing traffic congestion in the area and proposals to make the area one-way has been considered in the past. Work has still not started on the first multi-level parking planned there. The ongoing tourism projects in the city, especially the upcoming gardens, including Spring Garden, Garden of Conifers, Valley of Animals and Palms Garden, were also reviewed. It was found that most of the projects were behind schedule and will not be able to meet the deadlines. The ministry officials sent fresh deadlines for the projects for the year-end for the middle of next year and also sought a detailed report on the progress made so far.A one-stop destination for all tourists will soon come up in the form of a Tourist Bhawan in Sector 17. It will offer a single window system for booking rooms in any city hotel and other tourism-related services. \"The tourist centre would specialize in integrated tourism planning, by cashing on the connectivity of Chandigarh to other states in the region. The Indian Railways, Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation, Indian Hoteliers' Association would set up their counters to help tourists,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14625740", "title": "Commercial Tax raids at beauty parlours, spas", "text": "INDORE: The Madhya Pradesh commercial taxes department carried out raids at 20 beauty parlours and spas, located in the posh localities across the city. The raids began at around 4 PM and nearly 30 teams of officials were involved.Officials from Indore, Ujjain and Dewas were teamed up to carry out the raids. Sources in the commercial taxes (CT) department said the department estimates that tax evasion of more than Rs 1 crore may come to the light after the investigation is complete. All the firms are involved as big revenue earners located in the most posh localities of the city. Sources said that all the three divisional commissioners of the department posted in the city are directly monitoring the raids. Some of the big beauty parlours, whose premises have been raided by the department include Babliss, Matrix (2 premises), Touch &amp; Glow, Baleja, Crimson, Veronica, Mansi (2 premises), Raga, Jeeva, Style Hebal, Habib's, Expression, Lifestyle, SR Enterprises, Avega, Lapala and Style Nation. Confirming about the development, Narayan Mishra told TOI that the raids are being conducted in the light of the amended entertainment and luxury tax of the state, which came to force since April 1 last year. As per the Act, the firms having an annual tunover of Rs 5 lakh are liable to pay tax at the rate of 10% of the turnover for the year 2011-12.However, the state government has again amended the Act for the current fiscal according to which the tax liability will be on those having annual turnover of Rs 10 lakh. He refused to divulge any further details on the plea that the investigations were still on. It was recently that the department had conducted door-to-door survey of marriage halls and caterers in the city and on completion of the process, it is asking the potential taxpayers among them to get registered with the department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14624599", "title": "DC, gunman hop on to a tandem bicycle", "text": "Mysore: Monday was not just another day for DC P S Vastrad's gunman G Sathyavelu. For, he had to double as chauffeur for the top bureaucrat. Vastrad and Sathyavelu both came riding a tandem bicycle to office from the former's official residence Jalasannidhi on Vinobha Road.The DC continued to ride on his new-found love to work for the second time - he had pedalled to work last Monday too. Unlike last week, when he just dropped in to office in the bicycle from his residence, a good 500 metres away, this Monday, he took the tandem everywhere on his official duty. After reaching his office, the DC left to Mysore Regional Commissioner's office for a meeting and rode back. All along, the DC was riding pillion while Sathyavelu was in the \"driver's seat\".The gunman was appreciative of the DC's novel initiative, saying it will benefit both the environment and the rider. \"Cycling will cut down carbon footprint and also helps riders stay fit. One can feel fighting fit by riding bicycle at least once or twice a week,\" Sathyavelu, who pedals to gym every day, told TOI.He said one need to leave 15-20 minutes early to work if they are pedalling to work. Both Vastrad and Sathyavelu said the only constraint and concern is security.Sathyavelu, 33, and son of M Govindaraju, joined police department nine years ago. He has been working as gunman to DC for the past three years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14636355", "title": "Kicha to team with Arjun again", "text": "Director Kicha who has wielded movies like Thangam, Thee and Maasi will have Eppadi Manasukul Vandhai as his latest outing. It is also said that after directing Maasi with Arjun in the lead, director G. Kicha is keen on joining hands with Arjun again.Recently, the director and producer said that his project with Arjun will be announced soon and done on a mega budget. Further details on the title of the movie and female lead will be announced soon says sources. Meanwhile, his production venture Eppadi Manasukul Vandhai is gearing up for release. Eppadi Manasukul Vandhai has new faces Vishwa and Tanvi Vyas in the lead. The movie produced by G.Kicha is written and directed by PV Prasath. Music is scored by AJ Daniel with camera works by Vijay Milton and editing by VT Vijayan.Source: cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14631842", "title": "Shailendra Singh to expose Bollywood stars", "text": "Known as much for his outspokenness and frank-speak as for being extremely close to any number of actors and sportspersons, head honcho of Percept Ltd, Shailendra Singh, is perhaps most suitable for this sort of thing.It is learnt Singh is now ready to release his tell-all book titled F...ck Knows that promises to be one hell of an expose. The memoirs, which he has been secretly putting together for the last two years, will blow the lid off show business and expose the chinks that threaten to destroy the very foundation of Indian sports, especially that gentleman's game called cricket.In particular, the chapters devoted to Bollywood icons are bound to raise eyebrows and ruffle quite a few feathers in an industry known for its touchiness. What with direct, blunt references to the work ethics of some of the biggest names in the business. Singh's no-holds-barred account is very likely to bring its own baggage of legal hassles, especially from those who have been questioned and challenged.So much so, Singh has equipped himself with necessary safeguards. \"I am going to say at the very beginning of my book that anyone who sues me for defamation will have to go through a lie-detection test. I am very clear about my facts and my observations on showbiz. So anyone challenging my facts and observations will have to prove me wrong,\" he said.Reluctant to divulge any further details about his book, Singh simply said, \"All I can tell you is, it's about how little of what we know to be stardom makes so little sense. How do you explain Asia's greatest entertainer selling cement and hair oil? No one has an answer. That's why my book is called F..ck Knows .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14622378", "title": "Scorpion stings man, delays flight", "text": "CHENNAI: A scorpion sting made the travel plans of a Bahrain-bound passenger go awry, and delayed a Gulf Air flight for more than 30 minutes at the Chennai airport on Sunday.As D Vidyasagar, 47, buckled his seat belt and settled down for the four-hour flight, he did not know what was in store. The plane, with 216 passengers, started to taxi at 9.30pm when he felt a searing pain on his right hand and was shocked to see a scorpion crawl out of his shirt. It stung once again, this time on his thumb.This triggered a commotion on board as passengers detected the scorpion and killed it. As Vidyasagar felt uneasy, the airline crew did not want to take a chance. The pilot was informed, the plane was stopped and pushed back and the passenger deplaned and moved to the airport's medical centre.'Scorpion may have been trapped in victim's shirt'The unusual incident delayed the flight by more than 30 minutes. It left without the stung passenger after doctors advised him not to travel and moved him to a city hospital for treatment. The sting turned out to be treatable and Vidyasagar, hailing from Andhra Pradesh and settled in Bahrain, was discharged on Monday. He took another Gulf Air flight on Monday night.\"It looks like the scorpion somehow got trapped inside his shirt. He felt a mild pain as he walked into the flight, but ignored it. The scorpion came out when he was seated and the flight was taxiing. The airline decided to bring the plane back because the spot on his hand where he got stung turned reddish and swelled up. He was also feeling uneasy,\" said an airport official.The pilot radioed air traffic control and informed a passenger would need medical attention. \"This was an unusual incident. We have had rats on board planes, but a scorpion is for the first time,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "14626532", "title": "Majuli dossier to be sent to Unesco by September 30", "text": "JORHAT: Upper Assam commissioner S I Hussain on Monday said the Centre will send the dossier for proposing the World Heritage Site status for Majuli to Unesco by September 30 and that the ongoing floods wreaking havoc in Asia's largest riverine island would not come in the way of the recognition.Hussain, who is also the chief executive officer of the Majuli Cultural Landscape Region Authority (MCLRA), said the Centre had engaged the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) to prepare the dossier and the ASI has done so as per the guidelines of Unesco. However, the central agency has called a meeting in New Delhi on August 14 for a final scrutiny of the dossier and a team from Assam is also expected to participate in the meeting.Unesco's World Heritage Site committee, in a recent letter asked the Centre to send the dossier on Majuli by September 30 and India's World Heritage Site committee directed the ASI to follow the directive.\"Although parts of Majuli are now submerged in floodwaters due to the breach of an embankment, this flood will not deter the island from getting the coveted recognition. It a proven fact that Majuli will exist forever and it is the hub of Vaisnaviate culture with its unique natural and geographical identity. It is not endangered or vulnerable,\" said Hussain.Assam has been campaigning for the Unesco World Heritage Site status for Majuli for a long time now and this is the third time it has sent a nomination as the largest inhabited riverine island in the world. Earlier, Unesco had rejected the nominations due to some gaps in the dossier, so this time, the government engaged the ASI to prepare it. The nomination will be presented in the next Unesco World Heritage Site conference to be held in 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14626193", "title": "Guru Purnima: A day to express respect, gratitude", "text": "Indian scriptures have their own 'teachers day' in the form of Guru Purnima. The calendar offers this day to pay obeisance to those who have helped shaped your life.The Vyas purnima, popularly called Guru Purnima, is actually the birthday of Guru Ved Vyas, who edited the four Vedas, wrote 18 Puranas, Mahabharat and Srimad Bhagavata.This full moon day in the month of Ashaad is also one of the first among the slew of festivals during the chaturmaas period.Ved Vyas is worshipped by all students of Vedas today. Vedas are considered to be the fountainhead of all knowledge, and grateful students of the scriptures perform pujas and aarti of the great saint. Explaining the significance of Guru Purnima, Sanskrit scholar and a teacher of Yajur Veda at the Bhosala Ved Pathshaala in Mahal says, \"Vyaso chishtam jagat sarvam, is a popular saying in Sanskrit. It means that all knowledge that comes from the Vedas is very superior. The students of Vedas thus express their gratitude to the great sage.\"However, Pathak says that everybody should observe this day. \"Guru Purnima is observed by those who are under the guidance of a guru. But those who are not, can pay their respects to their parents. Scriptures say that the mother is the first teacher followed by the father.\"For Nandani Sahastrabudhhe, who heads the Swarali musical group, which had featured in the second season of TV show India Has Got Talent, Guru Purnima is a day of giving and receiving. \"My students express their gratitude on this day. Though the tradition is to offer a garland but now floral bouquets are more common. I too make it a point to visit my guru Shubhda Pendharkar to pay respects.\"There are also some who draw their inspiration from a symbol, which for them is the representation of the guru. Sudhir Pathak, who heads the Vishwa Samwad Kendra of the RSS for the Vidarbha region, says that for them saffron flag is the guru. \"We hoist this flag at our offices and allow people to pay their respects and offerings to it. This symbol was given to us by our founder Guruji Golwalkar.\" This ensures that the one who is considered to be the guru is kept free of human fallacies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14624096", "title": "Peace expedition tracing Mahatma's steps ends", "text": "Mangalore: The inter-state Gandhi Peace Bus expedition that started from Kanyakumari with a motto 'violence free India' on June 17 culminated in Mangalore after covering over 1,200 km on Monday.The unique youth expedition, which was organized by Kerala Gandhi Smaraka Nidhi (KGSN) in association with the National Foundation for Communal Harmony and the Indian Council of Gandhian Studies, spread Mahatma Gandhi's universal message of peace among people at 68 important historical places before arriving in the city.About 55 members including youths and Gandhian activists held discussions and seminars at 32 locations and gave live demonstration on spinning charka to propagate Gandhian values.The team visited the Gandhi Temple at Garodi in the city and later paid homage at Sri Krishna shrine of Canara Girls' High School, for which the Mahatma laid the foundation stone in 1934.At the valedictory ceremony, KGSN working chairman N Radhakrishnan said, \"It was a pilgrimage with a difference. Majority of Indians are affected directly or indirectly by threats including terrorism, Naxalism and underworld.\"\"The youth of the nation are being attracted to adopt violent methods to he fight against the authorities. There is silver lining in Gandhian messages which can solve issues of violence and bring peace in the nation,\" he added.N Yogish Bhat, deputy speaker in the state assembly and Mangalore MLA UT Khader were the guests at the valedictory programme.To northeast IndiaKGSN has plans of holding a violence-free India expedition to Naxal-infested states in northeast and Chhattisgarh. Radhakrishnan said that the campaign would be launched in January next year.\"The focus of the expedition to these places will be on finding solutions to Naxal and Maoist activities. The main reason for the emergence of Naxal and Maoist movements is lack of dialogue between people and the government. We need to create an atmosphere of violence-free India which is possible only through dialogues,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14616842", "title": "Dealing with pimples and peer pressure", "text": "HYDERABAD: Andhra Pradesh is one of the few states in the country that has a dedicated 'adolescent education programme cell'. If a few years ago, the AP State Aids Control Society (APSACS) had introduced a life skills chapter in state board text books aimed at introducing safe sex among adolescents. Now, over the last six years, APSACS has been giving training to 2,800 teachers from private and government schools and holds a session on 'adolescent sexual and reproductive health'. These trained teachers are then assigned schools where they have to go and train science teachers of classes IX and X.\"These sessions deal with the changes in a girl or a boy at the time of adolescence. Personality development skills are also part of the sessions. Teachers also talk about safe sex,\" says Dr U Ram Krishna who handles civil society mainstreaming with APSACS. He says that SCERT has committed to ask at least one HIV related question in the Class IX and X exams.\"We also bring out a newsletter on adolescence education. This goes to students of Classes IX and X,\" says B Seshu Kumar, director, SCERT.When sex education was first introduced in schools, teachers were squeamish discussing the subject with their adolescent students. The training sessions are aimed at helping them cope with uncomfortable questions and situations. \"No just in-service teachers but also teacher trainees undergo these sessions,\" says Seshu Kumari, adding in the last six years the relevance of the topic has been understood.The birds and bees are now being discussed even in CBSE and ICSE schools, and more candidly than before. Teachers of CBSE schools say there are informal sessions that they hold with their senior students helping them cope with the many confusing aspects of growing up.\"We do have life skills programme. And we have a tie up with the family planning division of the state government wherein they come to school on a regular basis and spend time with children and discuss the problems they have etcetera. These are very helpful sessions as they discuss small issues that disturb children,\" says Geeta Karan, director, Gitanjali Schools. She says the boys and girls are spoken to separately and the sessions are about what they need to talk about. Students are also encouraged to write their concerns or queries on chits of paper and give it to the people holding the session, who then respond to each issue.Teachers note that children should get the right kind of information which is not hearsay. \"They don't feel comfortable discussing all these issues and they can't really solve it. But they can be resolved through ideas,\" says Karan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "14625774", "title": "Ex-MP Jambhuwantrao Dhote, six others booked", "text": "YAVATMAL: Former Lok Sabha member and Vidarbha statehood protagonist Jambhuwantrao Dhote and six of his associates have been booked on Sunday night by the Yavatmal rural police on a complaint lodged by one Tallobai Marwade of village Lasina, 15 kms away from the city.According to Yavatmal rural police station officer BM Gaigole, Tallobai Marwade (45), a resident of village Lasina and stays in the farm house, has lodged a complaint against Jambhuwantrao Dhote and six others alleging that they made criminal trespass intentionally to assault labourers and others on the farm of one Nitin Sardar, a resident of Nagpur on June 16.\"We have made the investigation and recorded the statements of the farm workers of Nitin Sardar,\" Gaigole said and found that there is a prima facie case against the accused.\"We registered criminal offences under Sections 452, 448, 504, 506, 143, 147, 148, 149 and 34 of IPC against Dhote and six others on Sunday night,\" Gaigole said and added that no arrest was made so far. Since Section 452 is a cognisable and non-bailable offence, Dhote and others have to seek anticipatory bail from the court if they want to avoid arrest, police said.Meanwhile, Kranti Dhote, a member of the Lasina Gram Panchayat, has alleged that she too approached the police with a complaint against Nitin Sardar and his hired goons from Nagpur who barged into her farm and destroyed the fence, but the police refused to receive her complaint. \"The cops have intentionally registered offence against my father and others after I approached them with the complaint,\" she said.According to Kranti Dhote, Nitin Sardar had started illegal construction on his farm without any NA (Non Agriculture) permission from the competent authority and added that the GP and the villagers have unanimously passed a resolution against the illegal construction of Sardar and pledged to remove it.She alleged that Nitin Sardar flouted all the norms of Mumbai Panchayat and ZP Act and standard building bylaws as the construction is being carried out by a contractor from Nagpur without the sanction of the building plan by the GP and instigated his workers to lodge a complaint against Dhote and others to silence them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14621055", "title": "Camp ends with all that jazz", "text": "LUDHIANA: Ushering in fun, frolic and activity, a month-long summer camp was organized by a leading hotel on Hambran road. On the concluding day, around 30 kids, who learnt dance, art and craft at the camp, put up an impressive display of talent.According to the club manager of the hotel which organized the camp, Sofiya Bhasin, the camp was aimed at keeping kids in the age group of 5-12 years fruitfully engrossed in their summer break. At the camp, children were taught dance forms like Jazz, Bollywood , Salsa and Hip Hop by expert trainer Neha Kaushal. Art and craft was taught by Ruchi.Sofiya said, \"On the concluding day of the camp, we organized a party for children where they displayed their recently acquired skills. Parents were also invited to be a part of the celebration.\"Poonam Seth, a homemaker of South City, said, \"My daughters, seven-year-old Kamakshi and four-year-old Gayatri, attended the summer camp. I am happy that they ended up learning new things while having fun during the summer break. I believe every parent should encourage their children to participate in such camps as these help de-stress kids from school and facilitate positive personality development.\"Priya Dhingra, a homemaker of South city, whose eight-year-old daughter Dyutima also participated in summer camp, said, \"Dancing and painting is not just about enjoying, rather activities like these bring out the hidden creativity among children. We need to send our kids to such camps to recognize their true talents.\"Yogi Bhandari, whose 7-year-old daughter Syra Bhandari, also attended the camp, was all praise for the organizers. \"Summer camps are a great way to enable kids to learn something more than what they do in the regular activity classes. Besides, with summer vacations being much longer than other holidays, it becomes difficult to keep children gainfully occupied at home. Camps are a good option with the scope of learning something new.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14621363", "title": "No wedding, reception will be allowed in Anna Library, govt tells HC", "text": "CHENNAI: A day after the chic Anna Centenary Library at Kotturpuram here was rented out for a wedding reception, the Tamil Nadu government informed the Madras high court that the facility would not be allowed to be used for such functions in the future.An undertaking to this effect was given to the first bench, comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam, on Monday after senior counsel P Wilson mentioned the matter before the bench, saying that such non-academic events would amount to violation of the court's orders.\"It has been brought to our notice that the auditorium located within the library premises has been put to use for organizing a marriage reception. S Venkatesh, government pleader, has not disputed the fact that the library building has been used for a marriage reception. However, he said that henceforth no such marriage function or reception shall be organized,\" the bench observed in its order.On Sunday, the library premises were decorated for a wedding reception function. A shamiana had been erected on the campus, and food was cooked and served. The Times of India carried a front page report, along with photographs, on the matter.On Monday, when the court assembled for business, Wilson cited media reports and said the wedding reception disturbed visitors, who were prevented from entering the library premises. The senior advocate, who had argued a pending PIL against the government's move to convert the library complex into a child specialty hospital and got the decision stayed, wanted expeditious hearing and disposal of the PIL so as to avoid such complications in future. Acceding to the plea, the judges said they would fix a date for hearing of the case next week.The library is supposed to be one of the most modern and biggest facilities in Asia. The library was sought to be converted into a child super-specialty hospital by the AIADMK government. The move, however, has been stayed by the high court. Besides asking the government not to shift the facility, the court has directed authorities not to withdraw amenities available at the campus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14637871", "title": "Indian basketball teams announced for Children of Asia Games", "text": "NEW DELHI: The fifth edition of the 'Children of Asia International Sports Games' will be held under the auspices of the International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) in the cities of Yakutsk, Mirny and Neryungri of the Sakha Republic in Yakutia, Russia from July 4-12.The Basketball Federation of India (BFI) will be funding the expenses for the under-16 boys and girls teams to compete in the Games.The event will unite young people from all around the world to participate and compete in 20 different sports. This year, three new sporting disciplines will be introduced -- swimming, sambo and freestyle wrestling for persons with disabilities.BFI conducted the national camps in preparation of the Games from June 12 to July 1 at Guru Nanak Dev Indoor Stadium, Punjab for boys, and at KD Jadhav Indoor Hall, IG Stadium, New Delhi for girls.The boys team will compete from July 5-11 and the competition for girls team will take place from July 8-14.Children of Asia International sports Games were launched in 1996 in the Russian Federation and since, have been held every four years. The competition will be held between eight teams out of which four are from the Russian federation.Groups: Girls: China, India, Nepal and Mongolia . Boys: China, Syria, India and Saudi Arabia .Indian girls team: Sharanjeet Kaur, Sangeeta Kaur, Elizabath Hilarious, Poojamol Kochuparamvu Suvhashmom, Ishwari Kailas Pingle, Shruthi Praveen Menon, Devirajalakshmi Kirubanandhan, Sharmila Rajan, Preeti Kumari, Barkha Sonkar, Kavita Akula and Pooja Ambastha. Coach - Jagat Narain NerhaBoys: Narender, Sanjeev Kumar, Abhishek Kumar, Himanshu Singh, Rudrask Kaustubh Pandey, Sagar Joshi, Dildar Singh Brar, Ashiv Jain, Akashdeep Hazra, Gurinder Singh Gill, Gaurav Ohlan and Mahipal Singh. Coach - Paramdeep Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14626927", "title": "'No Catholic school in Bhopal under Right to Education Act ambit'", "text": "BHOPAL: There are no aided Catholic schools in Bhopal. Only the Hindi section of one school is partially aided. Hence the schools do not come under the ambit of the Right to Education Act (RTE), says spokesperson of the Catholic Church after a meeting of the missionary schools here on Monday.Principals of catholic schools of four districts- Bhopal, Hoshangabad, Harda and Sehore met and discussed in detail the Supreme Court verdict on RTE Act on June 29 at Seva Sadan under the patronage of Archbishop of Bhopal Dr Leo Cornelio.They maintained that the unaided private minority educational institutions are not under the ambit of the Act.They also agreed that the court order makes it mandatory to teach the admitted students as per the RTE norms and would admit students for the academic year 2012-13.Spokesperson of the Catholic Church, Madhya Pradesh Fr Johnney PJ said, \"There are no aided Catholic schools in Bhopal. Only the Hindi section of St Francis, Jehangirabad is partially aided.\"The principals also met state school education minister Archana Chitnis on June 11 to clarify her statement on missionary educational institutions not coming under minority educational institutions.According to a release of the Catholic Church, Madhya Pradesh, \"When the team told about the minority certificate we own, honourable minister had then claimed ignorance of the minority certificates obtained by these missionary schools from Government of India and the National Commission for Minority Educational Institutions.\"The release also stated the minister has instructed to submit the certificates to the DEO's office.\"The certificates of the schools have been collected and submitted to the DEO,\" informed Fr Johnney PJ.The meeting was attended by the principals of various Catholic schools of the Bhopal Archdiocese, including Fr Joseph PP, principal, BSSS; Sr Reji, principal, Carmel Convent, BHEL; Sr Lilly, principal, St Joseph's Convent; Sr Noella, principal Carmel Convent, Baghmugalia; Fr Maria Francis, principal, St Xavier's School BHEL; Fr Thomas, principal, St Thomas Ayodhya Nagar and Holy Family School among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14622233", "title": "HC order to state govt on water supply issue", "text": "PATNA: Patna high court on Monday directed Bihar Rajya Jal Parshad and departments of urban development and building construction to identify places for sinking tube- wells in Gardanibagh locality in the state capital to solve the problem of safe drinking water facing the residents of the area. The court also directed them to set up water supply centres in the area for ensuring proper supply of drinking water.The order was passed by a division bench of the high court comprising Justice Shivkirti Singh and Justice Vikas Jain on a petition filed by Nasib Lal and others.The high court had on June 26 took strong exception to no concrete action being taken by the state government for ensuring supply of safe drinking water to the residents of Gardanibagh locality in spite of an undertaking given by it in the high court.The petitioners had stated in their PIL that those residing in Gardanibagh locality face severe drinking water problem. Petitioner's lawyer Indradeo Prasad said on May 15 itself the court had ordered to ensure proper drinking water facilities to the residents of Gardanibagh area on which the Bihar Rajya Jal Parshad had assured the court that in a day or two tubewell would be sunk and water supply centres would be set up. However, neither tubewell was sunk nor any water supply centre was opened by the Jal Parshad.The high court on Monday directed the state government to file action taken report on supply of drinking water by July 17.Underground water: A division bench of the high court comprising Justice T Meena Kumari and Justice Chakradhari Sharan Singh on Monday directed the state government to file report on action taken by it so far with respect to dwindling underground water level in different parts of the state. The order was passed on a PIL filed by Santosh Kumar Mehta.Petitioner's lawyer Santosh Kumar informed the court that the underground water level in the state was decreasing by 5 feet every year. The situation has worsened due to lack of monsoon during last couple of years, Kumar told court and added the state government had not taken any concrete action to address the problem.The government's lawyer informed the court that a committee had been formed earlier in this regard with a team of officials visiting other states where similar condition exists. The court directed the state government to file report within four weeks in this regard.Directive to Govt, Municipal Corporation: The same bench on Monday directed the state government and the Muzaffarpur municipal corporation to file a counter affidavit in a case related to lack of basic facilities to the residents of Muzaffarpur district. The petitioner, in the case, Sudhir Kumar Ojha had alleged that despite receiving holding tax, the corporation was not providing the residents the basic facilities which they are entitled to. The petitioner had stated in his PIL that the residents of Muzaffarpur have to undergo several problems including lack of sanitation and parking slots, bad roads, waterlogging, encroachment and poor electricity supply. The court fixed the next date of hearing in this connection after four weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14617489", "title": "Monsoon elusive, Churu hottest at 48.6", "text": "JAIPUR: Rain continued to elude the state except for a few places, while scorching heat conditions prevailed in the state on Monday as well. Day-time temperatures at most places were above normal and Churu remained hottest recording a maximum temperature of 48.6 degrees Celsius, the Met reports said on Monday.Attributing the climatic change to the active upper air cyclonic circulation and northerly winds, the weatherman said the heat wave conditions will continue in the state for the next couple of days.Jaipur city witnessed maximum temperatures of 43.6 degrees Celsius, almost 8 degrees above normal. Even the early morning temperatures stood at 29.9 degrees Celsius, almost 3 degrees more than normal.Though overcast conditions prevailed in and around the Pink City yet it did not rain.Asked about the status of monsoon in the state, SS Singh, director, Jaipur Met office, said that the monsoon could take another week to settle in the state. \"The ongoing situation in the state suggests that dry conditions will persist in the coming few days will,\" he added.Meanwhile, Jhalawar and Udaipur witnessed mild to moderate showers in the afternoon, however, the Met refrained from calling it \"Monsoon rain\", \"It can be termed as pre-monsoon activity as the monsoon is yet to arrive in the state,\" an official said.Apart from Churu, other heat pockets included Sriganganagar with maximum temperatures of 46.8 degrees Celsius, Bikaner with 45.5, Dholpur 45.1, Vanasthali and Pilani 44.4 each, Kota 44.3, Barmer 43.7 Jaisalmer 43.6, Ajmer 42.9 and Udaipur recorded 38.6 degrees Celsius.The heat wave and dry weather conditions will prevail in the state except in southern Rajasthan where mild to moderate rains are likely, forecasted Met.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14617561", "title": "Authorities in a fix over cleaning 'janana kund'", "text": "JAIPUR: After the district administration and authorities of Galta cleaned the 'mardana' (men's) pond following the death of a 19-year-old youth by drowning, they are in a quandary over doing the same at the 'janana' (ladies') pond.The onset of Shravan month from Tuesday onwards has also put the authorities in 'tizzy' because of which on Monday they decided to postpone the cleaning of janana kund of Galta Sarovar.On Sunday, Phool Mohammed (25) had drowned in the janana pond owing to its slipperiness. The police had asked the authorities to clean it properly and pump out the water; however, the shrine authorities and district administration are still in two minds over it.\"Last time when a 19-year-old youth drowned in the 'mardana kund' of the shrine, we had asked the temple authorities and district administration to clean it up and put a metallic net to make it safer for the pilgrims who come here for a dip. The safety arrangements were made in the men's pond but the 'janana kund' was ignored,\" said GL Meena, additional commissioner of police (crime).He said that a team of Jaipur police will visit the site to find out if bathing in the janana kund is safe.\"We will take action against those responsible for ill-management of the shrine. The authorities will also be advised to pump out the water,\" Meena added.Police said whenever such incidents happen at places like Galta pond, Hathiniyon Ka Kund, etc., they have to face public ire.However, the district administration authorities are still confused if the water from the 'janana kund' needs to be pumped out.\"At the onset of Sawan many pilgrims come here for a dip. Thus, we can't just pump out the water as we have to respect the religious sentiments of people. But, with the help of police we will try to ensure safety of pilgrims in the pond,\" district collector Naveen Mahajan said.He added that the police and civil defence teams would be on high alert to ensure safe dips for pilgrims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14623057", "title": "3 pharmacy colleges to shut", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Three self-financed pharmacy colleges have sought permission from the Gujarat Technological University (GTU) to close down from this academic session. College administrations in their applications have requested that their existing students be adjusted elsewhere so that they can shut down the colleges.These colleges have specified that they do not want to enroll any student during the professional courses admission from academic year 2012. GTU officials said that the three colleges are in Rajkot, Waghodia and Vallabh Vidyanagar. The colleges have also submitted applications for closing down to the All India Council of Technical Education (AICTE). Colleges have said that they do not get enough students to sustain their operations.GTU will send a committee to the respective colleges to ascertain the veracity of the claims made by the colleges. There are 500-odd students studying in these colleges, who will have to be sent to other colleges.Meanwhile, Pharmacy Council of India (PCI) has given a green signal to the Admission Committee for Professional Courses about 15 of the 20 colleges which were put on the 'no admission' list following lack of approval from the council due to deficiency in infrastructure.The PCI has communicated that it has given permission to 15 colleges to run the course for the academic year 2012-13. The future of the remaining five colleges, however, hangs in balance as these colleges have not got approval of the PCI for admission that will begin shortly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14620679", "title": "Chennai people opt for mystery holidays", "text": "CHENNAI: Planned holidays are passe; mystery tours are in. Call your travel agent and tell your preferred kind of accommodation, food, activities, sights and sounds; and wait for the surprise package to arrive.An online survey conducted by travel portal Tripadvisor showed that 49% of Chennaiites were open to the concept. Such holidays, mostly to destinations abroad, extend from four days to one week. Destinations will be selected based on the activities a traveller specifies. Tourists will know the destination when they arrive at the airport for departure if the country offers a visa on arrival. If a visa is required before departure, the itinerary will be kept a secret. Such trips are available for the domestic tourist too.A majority of such tourists from Chennai are taken to Sri Lanka, Male, Mauritius and Hong Kong which offer visas on arrival. Thailand, with its vibrant night life, is also a popular destination. A week's holiday costs Rs 50,000 per pax, excluding air fare.Travellers are expected to give a list of their preferred activities like kayaking, snorkeling, deep sea diving, bungee jumping, wild life, casino, pub hopping and others. The budget should also be specified. \"Tour operators identify a country and chalk out an itinerary based on these requests. The destination is not normally revealed till the last minute. Many people take such vacations for the thrill of the surprise. The survey was conducted among regular users of our website,\" said Nikhil Ganju, country manager, India, Tripadvisor.Kolkata tops the list of cities whose residents are open to blind holidays, and Chennai is waking up to it. \"Mystery holidays have been happening in the city for some time. It is not advertised, and is provided on demand. Families and groups travel, but a majority of clients are men. Men look at it like a blind date,\" said a travel agent.Not all travel agents are comfortable offering a mystery holiday, as they smell a sleaze component in some such packages. \"Some travel agents offer female escorts to tourists if they are interested in night life, gambling, visiting pubs or strip shows instead of sightseeing. Girls hired abroad act as travel companions and guides throughout a trip. Such trips cost twice as much,\" said an agent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14619770", "title": "Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon covers 8 open pits near Sec 4-7 crossing", "text": "GURGAON: In a late night operation on Monday, a team of MCG officials toiled hard to cover eight open sewer pits near Sector 4-7 crossing on the Dhanwapur Road.This despite the fact that these open pits come under HUDA and residents allege that despite repeated complaints the civic agency has not bothered to cover them.The cover-up operation began after the residents complained to the deputy commissioner, P C Meena, on Monday evening.\"These pits are around 15-20 feet deep and they have been lying uncovered for over six months now. After the Mahi incident and Sunday's incident in which another kid fell into an uncovered pit, we decided to inform the DC. Simultaneously, we also informed MCG knowing well that this area is beyond their jurisdiction. However, we were shocked to find out that despite the DC directing the HUDA officials to cover the pits immediately, they did not do so. On the contrary, a team from the MCG arrived immediately with all needed infrastructure, including an earthmover, to close the pits,\" said Amit Arora, general secretary, Sector 4 RWA.\"These eight pits are part of the master sewer line and are in the green belt area. Many people pass by this area each day and a tragedy was waiting to happen,\" he added.The MCG team led by SDO Dharamvir Malik said that they were taking temporary measures to cover the pits.\"Since it was already dark by the time we reached the spot we could not carry out any major work. We have used tin sheets to cover these pits from all four sides and will work out a permanent solution on Tuesday,\" he said.Meanwhile the district administration has announced that a reward of Rs 500 and a commendation certificate will be awarded to anybody that provides information about any illegal or abandoned borewell in the entire district. The information can be given to the police control room by dialing 100 or to the deputy commissioner's camp office at 0124- 2303333. The DC also stated that the informer's name will be kept confidential if they so desire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14624947", "title": "Driver hurt in bus mishap at Raia", "text": "Passengers of a Margao-Shiroda bus had a miraculous escape late Monday evening after the bus fell on its side upon hitting a road divider at Raia. Police sources informed that the engine of the private bus, 'Shree Shivnath', developed some technical snag that led to the driver losing control of the vehicle. The driver of the bus sustained some minor injuries, but all the passengers escaped unhurt. The accident caused severe traffic congestion along the stretch of the road and the police had a tough time in regulating the flow of traffic. Curtorim MLA Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco also rushed to the site to take stock of the situation.Coconut vendors gherao MMC chief: Around 25 coconut vendors gheraoed Margao municipal council (MMC) chairperson Arthur D'Silva in his office on Monday morning after they were forced to leave the new market premises during an anti-encroachment drive that was carried out by the MMC market inspector and the Margao traffic police cell. The agitating vendors were led by MMC councillor Camilo Barretto. The coconut vendors claimed that they were doing business for years and they station themselves at Pimpal Katta near Bank of Baroda , Margao, as early as 7am, dispersing at 9.30am. The irked vendors then met D'Silva later and conveyed their grievances. They objected to the way they were treated earlier in the morning and demanded that they be allowed to continue their business as usual. D'Silva gave them a patient hearing and promised to place their demands at the next council meeting. He added that the vendors could continue their daily practice till then. He further spoke to the market inspector, Mohan Arlekar, and apprised him about the morning meeting, instructing the official not to initiate action against the coconut vendors.Speed breaker at Calangute junction: The district magistrate, North Goa, has ordered the construction of a hump type 'Speed Breaker' about 30 m away from the 'T' junction where the road from Hotel Goan Heritage intersects to the road proceeding to Candolim-Calangute near Day Trippers.GMC hosts two CME programmes: The department of pathology, Goa Medical College (GMC), Bambolim, in collaboration with the Indian Academy of Cytologists recently organized two continuing medical education (CME) programmes in GMC. In the first CME on blood banking and transfusion medicine, the faculty were Dr Narendra Mogra, professor and head of pathology, Rabindranath Tagore Medical College, Udaipur-Rajasthan and Dr Grace Da Costa, professor and head of pathology department, Grant Medical College and Sir JJ Group of Hospitals, Mumbai. The CME was chaired by Dr R G Wiseman Pinto, The topics covered were blood transfusion, blood components, autologous transfusion and E-blood banking services. A quiz in pathology was also conducted by Da Costa. In the second CME on smooth muscle tumors of the female genital tract, the speakers were Dr Aditya Sheldekar, Dr Aditya S and Dr Vynetta Devadoss, This CME was chaired by Pinto and Dr Savita Chandra. The topics covered were leiomyoma, leiomyosarcoma, clinical features, imaging, incidence, treatment and prognosis. The Goa Medical Council gave accreditation to both the CME programmes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14624945", "title": "Statements of Sharavan inmates should be recorded, says Rohtak SP", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Even as district administration officials continued to refrain from speaking to media over the issue of unnatural act on an inmate of Sharavan, a shelter home for mentally disabled run by District Red Cross Society (DCRS), Rohtak police on Monday asked the deputy commissioner to set up a board of officers to record the statements of the remaining 18 other inmates as well.Rohtak SP Vivek Sharma said that he has sent a communication to the deputy commissoner. \"At a time when one such incident has come to light, we want to explore all possibilities. We have asked the deputy commissioner to constitute a board of officers to record the statements of other inmates,'' Sharma said.Enquiries revealed that the police request followed the report submitted by inspector Kuldeep Singh, station house officer (SHO) of Civil Lines police station. In his report, the SHO had sought a probe into the conduct of Sanjay Kumar , the accused warden of Sharavan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "14621809", "title": "40 Indians helped 26/11 attacks: Pakistan", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Days after LeT handler Zabiuddin Ansari's revelations about the Mumbai attacks being controlled and facilitated from Karachi, Pakistani authorities have claimed 40 Indian nationals were involved in the terrorist incident.\"Our information is that there were at least 40 Indian nationals who helped the attackers. We want India to come clean on this,\" an unnamed official of Pakistan's foreign office was quoted as saying by The Express Tribune. Pakistan will \"push\" India to share details of the recent arrest of Ansari alias Abu Jundal when the Foreign secretaries of the two countries meet in Delhi this week, the report said.The two-day talks between the foreign secretaries, beginning on July 4, are expected to be dominated by Ansari's arrest and subsequent claims by Indian authorities, the report further said.The foreign office official said Pakistan will ask India to share details of Ansari's arrest. \"India has yet not shared anything with us about this arrest,\" the official said.Pakistan had been saying that the Mumbai attacks would not have been possible without help from Indian nationals, he claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14624857", "title": "Bhakra level plunges, power crisis imminent", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The monsoon eluding the north has now added a new worry - the sharply falling water level in the Bhakra dam, and the Pong dam, in Himachal Pradesh have led to a shortfall in power supply to the northern grid. The powerhouses of Bhakra are now supplying 10% less power to the northern grid, fuelling fears of severe power and water crisis in at least four states - Punjab, Haryana, Himachal Pradesh and Rajasthan - and Chandigarh UT.Concerned with the fast falling reservoir levels, representatives of partner states have mutually agreed to ration their water needs if the dry spell continues and the situation does not improve by July 5. \"Partner states have been briefed about our concerns. We are releasing less water as Met reports have indicated a weak and delayed monsoon which is translating into about 10% less power generation,\" said Ashok Thapa, member (power), Bhakra Beas Management Board (BBMB).The water level of Bhakra dam on July 2 was 1,535 feet compared to 1,597 feet last year, on this date. The level of Pong dam, situated on the Satluj in HP's Kangra district, stood at 1,290 feet on Monday, which is at least 60 feet less than last year on the same date.In June 2010, the Bhakra had reached a record low of 1,507 feet.With last year as its benchmark, power generation from the Bhakra powerhouse has fallen by 28 lakh units (LU), from 216 LU units to 188 LU. A powerhouse at Dehar is generating 46 LU less than last year.The BBMB authorities said that the fall in generation is a fallout of lesser inflow into the reservoirs. The inflow from Satluj river to Bhakra reservoir has fallen by nearly 15,000 cusecs compared with last year. \"The snow melt is there and contributed to a three feet level increase in Bhakra since past couple of days but this is not enough. We need rains to perk the water levels and power generation,\" said Thapa.This year, Punjab, Haryana and Rajasthan will feel the pinch more as it is for the first time that BBMB released 9% of Punjab's power share and 6% of Haryana's share to HP, following a Supreme Court directive. This has translated into both the states losing 150 MW of power between themselves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14636554", "title": "Number of students with learning difficulty increased in DU", "text": "Among those rushing to get a seat in Delhi University (DU) every year, there are many with learning difficulty, within the persons with disabilities (PWD) category. In a major change, this year, an increased number of students with learning difficulty (categorised as cerebral palsy) have made it to Delhi University, as opposed to the trend of only a few for the last many years. A total of 1,500 seats are reserved for PWD students across DU colleges.According to Bipin Kumar Tiwary, deputy dean, students welfare and in-charge of equal opportunity cell (EOC), in a stark change with only one-two admissions as compared to last year, 25 students from among 27 applications with learning difficulty have been admitted this year. The surge in the number of admissions can be attributed to better class XII scores as well as online application facility.The university has 3% seats in all undergraduate courses reserved for candidates with disability. People with not less than 40% impairment are categorised within the PWD category. The distribution of seats is as follows 1% for persons with low vision or blindness, 1% for hearing impaired and 1% for those with locomotor disabilities or cerebral palsy .However, says Tiwary, if sufficient candidates are not available in a sub-category then candidates from other sub-categories are considered in their place.For facilitating students with learning difficulty, support systems like writers, audio-visual aids, counsellors, extended hours for writing exams, etc, are required. The university offers the needed aids to help such students cope with the academic curriculum, while it is still working on having trained counsellors and therapists to teach them.At times, there are serious cases of learning difficulty. The basic issue with such students is that they are slow learners and need a lot of psychological support. For this we are planning to have trained counsellors and therapists from this year. Besides, they need multi-sensory teaching in classrooms with a lot of audio-visual aids. Also, they get extra hours for writing the exam and writers for those with writing difficulties, says Tiwary.As for placement prospects for students with learning difficulty, Renu Malaviya, faculty, department of education, Lady Irwin College, says, most of these children with learning issues are creative with average and above average intelligence. If given the right atmosphere, these students can score well and excel in any given field. Also, they are multi-talented and can handle a number of tasks at a time. Many of them end up becoming artists, theatre personalities, and work in the hotel industry, multi-media or human resources.However, it has been the case that during campus placements, not many of them get recruited.Though a few students are admitted every year, companies are not forthcoming when it comes to recruitment of students with special needs. They must take their share of corporate social responsibility more seriously. These students are talented and are competent for any kind of jobs. Companies can actually come on campus and give them the required training, adds Tiwary.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14621975", "title": "95% applicants appear at Magadh Mahila College admission test", "text": "PATNA: The maiden entrance test for admission in the three-year degree courses in Patna University colleges started on Monday with Magadh Mahila College (MMC) conducting the first test. More than 95% of the applicants took the test held in three different sittings for admission in the science and arts streams. The entrance test for admission to the BCom Honours Part-I would be held in two different sittings (from 2 to 4pm and from 4.30 to 6.30pm) on Wednesday, said college principal Dolly Sinha.PU social science faculty dean Bharti S Kumar, science faculty dean U K Sinha, Patna Science College principal Arun Kumar Sinha, PU registrar Vinhas Kumar Yadav, Patna College principal Lal Keshwar Prasad Singh, directorate of distance education (DDE) chief Ran Vijay Kumar and development officer S K Sinha visited the test centre as observers. PU vice-chancellor Shambhu Nath Singh also visited the centre to ensure peaceful and fair test.The entrance test for admission in science and arts courses in Patna Women's College would be held in two sittings on Tuesday. The entrance test for the LLB Part-I at Patna Law College would also be held on Tuesday at B N College centre, said PU law faculty dean Rakesh Verma.Meanwhile, the attendance of students in the colleges was very thin on the first day after a monthlong summer vacation on Monday. Only the anxious admission seekers were seen roaming in and around the campus. Some students of old batches did attend their classes on the opening day.The commencement of the new academic session was celebrated with gaiety and fervour by the teachers and non-teaching staff of postgraduate and undergraduate science departments at a function organized at Patna Science College on Monday.Addressing the gathering, college principal Arun Kumar Sinha said that an 'open house' on the pattern of the US universities, would be organized in the college after the entrance test, which is scheduled to be held on July 6, to make the admission aspirants aware of the scope and usefulness of different subjects. All the students, along with their guardians, would be invited to the 'open house' where senior teachers would reply to their queries. Students would be able to know the details of relatively less known subjects like geology and statistics, he said.The principal also assured the students of better civic amenities in the college in the current academic session. The entire campus would be kept clean and proper care of sanitation and drinking water facilities would be taken, he added.PU VC Shambhu Nath Singh, science faculty dean Upendra Kishore Sinha and law faculty dean Rakesh Verma, PU physics department head Kiran Aryani Mitra and Science College chemistry teacher Rajnish Kumar also addressed the gathering.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14621827", "title": "'PMC budget focuses on vehicles than health, edu' Parisar", "text": "PUNE: About 27% of PMC's budget allocation for 2012-13 was spent on vehicle-friendly measures, which is much more than allocations made for education, health, sanitation and slum rehabilitation sectors put together.The observations were made by NGO 'Parisar', which conducted an in-depth analysis of PMC's annual budget for 2012-13.\"Pune's budget has increased by about 10% in the last one year, a jump from Rs 3,247 crore to Rs 3,633 crore. Among the sectors, transport with Rs 986 crore has consistently had the highest allocation. This amount is larger than the combined budgetary allocation made for education, health, sanitation and slum rehabilitation sectors. Water and sewage has consistently got the second highest allocation,\" says the analysis report.The country has formulated a National Urban Transport Policy ( NUTP) and the city has approved a Comprehensive Mobility Plan (CMP). \"However, the allocation of funds suggests otherwise. More than half of the allocation for transport (59%) is directed at vehicle-friendly measures whereas non-motorized transport gets a meager 8%. Public transport gets 16% as compared to 18% last year. Furthermore, we find that even in the allocations under Public Transport (PT) and NMT, there are expensive projects like building of subways and foot overbridges which are really not providing significant relief to pedestrians. Much of the PT allocations are for Bus Rapid Transit (BRT), but so far Pune has neither seen any improvement in the pilot BRT or launch of any new BRT routes,\" states the analysis.'Parisar' has also pointed out the disparity in allocation of ward-level funds. \"We find that allocations to wards vary tremendously; with the highest allocation being Rs 16 crore to ward number 9 and the lowest being Rs 35 lakh to ward number 56. There is no rationale for why some wards get massive allocations compared to others. Ward allocations should ideally be based on the area of the ward and the extent of the existing transportation infrastructure,\" states the analysis.The 'Parisar' press release issued on Monday added, \"Evidently, the PMC does not seem to conduct any analyses of its own before allocating funds, nor does it make use of such studies made by other organizations. The result is the glaring discrepancy between policy and action, and ultimately it is the citizens who bear the brunt.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14623246", "title": "Govt sows seeds of plantation drive", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government has set a target to take up plantation in two lakh hectare land in the current year. It will also go for avenue plantation on a total of 1600 km stretches of roads across the state and would provide two crore saplings to nurseries.The government has also prepared a climate change action plan aimed to save environment, said chief minister Naveen Patnaik on Monday. He was addressing a function to mark the celebration of Bana Mahotsav day at the government high school in Unit IX area in the city. Naveen also felicitated Khamtarai Bana Surakshya Samiti of Nupada district and Chermaria Bana Surakshya Samiti of Ganjam district for their remarkable achievements in the field of plantation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14625077", "title": "Forensic report in Gurgaon BMW hit-and-run case delayed", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Even after a month of getting blood samples, collected from the BMW car and drawn from Suraj Sehrawat, accused in the Gurgaon hit-and-run case, Madhubani-based forensic science laboratory (FSL) has not been able to come out with the report.Blood samples collected from the accident scene and taken from Suraj were sent to FSL to confirm the presence of the accused in the BMW on June 1. The report was expected in a week's time.August 1 is the next date for hearing the case.FSL officials said that they would release the report next week. \"Our lab technician is expected to be back from Hyderabad anytime now and we are hopeful of releasing the report latest by next week,\" said FSL officials.FSL has also received samples of metallic pieces of BMW car and the car belonging to victims for further confirmation of collision. \"We are also examining impressions of paint marks on vehicles involved in the incident,\" they said.The accident had occurred on May 5 when a BMW car, allegedly being driven by Gurgaon Sector 14 resident Suraj Sehrawat, killed a three-month pregnant Kshama and seriously injured Kshama's family members.Sehrawat's family as well as Haryana police had allegedly made abortive attempts to shield Suraj, but he was later arrested by Gurgaon police for rash and negligent driving, causing death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "14617460", "title": "14 live hand grenades found near Anasagar Lake", "text": "AJMER: Tension prevailed around Anasagar Lake during the day when the municipal staff found 14 live hand grenades from the area while carrying out cleaning work.Army officials defused these in the open fields of Prithviraj Nagar in the Christian Ganj area after the district police sought their help. Khukri, a knife used by the Gorkhas, was also found along with hand grenades.\"All hand grenades were marked KS- 85 and were used as war weapon,\" said Vishnu Dutt Samtani, deputy superintendent of police (Dargah area).The site from where the grenades were recovered is barely 2 km from the dargah. Hundreds of pilgrims were present at the Anasagar Lake when the hand grenades were found.Ahead of the rainy season, the municipal corporation had begun a drive to clean the nullahs in the city and a team was working on cleaning the kanji ka nullah, main channel of water to Anasagar.\"We were cleaning the escape channel and found a big polythene bag. It was heavy and we opened it to see the contents and found hand grenades,\" a corporation employee said. The matter was reported to higher officials and they called the police.As the news spread , DSP Samtani reached the spot and took possession of the grenades. \"Immediately we sent a message to the Ajmer cantonment,\" said Samtani.About two years ago, a live hand grenade was also found in Hati khera village, near CRPF group center.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14621602", "title": "4,647 std XI bifocal seats up for grabs", "text": "PUNE: A total of 5,640 students will vie for the 4,647 std XI bifocal seats that are available through the counselling-based table round system under the centralised admission process for junior colleges in the city and Pimpri-Chinchwad.The final merit list for bifocal admissions will be released on Tuesday at five colleges: Fergusson, Abasaheb Garware, S P and Nowrosjee Wadia colleges in the city and Mhalsakant college in Akurdi. The list will also be posted on websites www.dydepune.com and www.punenet.net.Bifocal courses, which are regulated by the directorate of vocational education, are part of the science stream where students can opt for any vocational subject in lieu of the second language, geography or biology. The subjects include computer science, electronics, mechanical and electrical maintenance, scooter and motorcycle repair, and civil engineering.Usually, students opt for these courses to avoid studying the second language, geography or biology and for better scoring opportunities to boost their chance for professional degree studies like engineering.\"We had listed a total 5,647 students in the provisional list that was released on July 1, but after excluding repeat applications the final count of applicants came to 5,640,\" deputy district vocational officer D C Nevase told TOI on Monday.Nevase said, \"The overall admission capacity for bifocal courses this year is 5,525 seats. However, 10% of these seats go to the management quota while 50% of the total seats at the 15 minority-run institutions are filled by their managements. Excluding these, the bifocal seats available for table round allotments work out to 4,647,\" he said.\"The number of applicants is surplus by 993 this year,\" he added.He said, \"Last year, 550 bifocal seats had remained vacant at the end of the table round admissions. These were mainly at junior colleges in the fringe areas or the seats meant for statutory reservation quota. The authorities had received 5,210 applications against the 4,100 seats that were available for table round admissions, while the overall admission capacity was 4,850.\"Meanwhile, the counselling-based table round admissions will commence from July 4 to 9 at the amphitheatre at Fergusson college, which is the main coordinating centre for the Std XI centralised admission process. The allotment will be carried out as per the schedule worked out on the basis of the merit list numbers.For instance, students listed from no. 1 to 150 in the merit list have to report for counselling at 1 pm on Tuesday, while those from no. 151 to 300 have to report at 3 pm. Nos. 301 to 400 have to report at 5 pm. The schedule will progress along similar time slots for batches of listed applicants.A separate round for special category students, such as those who passed their Std X with two technical subjects, wards of ex-servicemen, hearing-impaired, mute, visually impaired and physically handicapped students, will be held at 9 am on July 4.The authorities have directed applicants to report to the counselling centre at least 15 minutes before their allotted time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "14617127", "title": "Apple pays $60m to settle iPad patent row", "text": "BEIJING: Apple paid $60 million to settle a legal dispute with Chinese computer maker Shenzhen Proview Technology over the iPad trademark. However, the amount paid by Apple was well below the $400 million demanded by the Chinese company.While Proview had been claiming ownership of the iPad trademark, Apple countered it by saying that it had bought out the title earlier. However, Chinese computer maker said the Apple deal was limited to its Taiwan subsidiary only and did not cover claims over its Chinese subsidiaries.Apple paid $60 million in addition to $55 million it had paid to Proview Technology earlier. There are signs that members of the Communist Party of China may have helped Apple and Proview reach an out of court settlement, which was later announced in the court.\"The iPad dispute has ended,\" the Guangdong High Court said in a statement. \"Apple Inc has transferred $60 million to the account of the Guangdong High Court as requested in the mediation letter.\"Nearly half of Apple's products are made in China-based factories run by Taiwanese firm \u2014 Foxconn.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14624994", "title": "Road sans drainage irk Akkulam residents", "text": "Thiruvananthapuram: With the rain setting in, the newly tarred Akkulam-Poonthi road is giving more agony than joy to the local residents. The road has been finished without drainage on either side and the locals who dread a possible flood in the area during monsoon have already come up against the authorities.The 500m stretch which runs along the low-lying area of Cheruvakkal is maintained by the city corporation. The tarring was carried out by PWD after the government had entrusted Rs 42 crore for the renovation of 242 roads in various stretches.The residents said that they had reminded the officials about the need of drainage even before the tarring began. \"While the stretch was being leveled for tarring, we had told the officials how essential it is to have drainage system along the road, but nobody paid heed,\" a local resident said. He added that now the tarred road would have to be dug up for constructing a new drainage.\"They could have done it much earlier. But they didn't and now construction of drainage would mean additional expense. Even the road is likely to be damaged due to lack of a drainage system,\" he pointed out.There are also a number of coconut trees in the tarred area causing inconvenience to the traffic. \"Retaining trees almost close to the middle of the road kills the very purpose of having a road. We are yet to get a clear reply from the officials as to why some of the coconut trees were retained,\" another local resident said. Meanwhile the corporation ward councillor G S Sreekumar said that proper steps would be taken to deal with the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14619430", "title": "Zero in eco paper has TYBA good scorers in a lurch", "text": "MUMBAI: Heena Alam, who was always among the top three rankers at Kalsekar College in Mumbra, got the shock of her life when she checked her third year BA results online on Saturday. The website showed her as having \"failed\" in the exam. Heena approached her college and was asked to wait until Monday for the consolidated result. On Monday, she was told she has scored \"zero\" in economics-IV paper. Heena's score in all other subjects is between 60 and 75.Heena is not the only student who has scored zero in the economics-IV paper. Several other students are flummoxed as to how they scored zero in economics-IV paper when they have fared decently in other subjects.This is the latest in a series of goof-ups by the Mumbai university this exam season.Heena said, \"We are all shocked by the scores. In fact, all the top six rankers of our college have failed in economics-IV paper and a couple of us have failed in more than two subjects. We got top ranks in our colleges. , even during the preliminary exams.It is impossible that we have scored zero.\"Heena's friend Saima Shaikh, also among the top three rankers, has failed in three subjects. While Shaikh has scored 70 in economics-VI, 70 in political science-V, 76 in political science-VI, she has been give zero in economics-IV, 15 in economics-V and 13 in political science-IV.\"The students are confident of getting good scores once their papers are revaluated, but they are worried about getting admission in post-graduation courses. \"I want to pursue an MA from a college in Vidyavihar. and have purchased the form.The last day to submit the form is July 7. If our scores are not corrected soon, most of us might lose a year,\" said another student.Mumbai university's dean of arts PG Jogdand has received a similar complaint from an SIES College student who is now worried about securing admission in JNU, Delhi. He said, \"The student did approach me with a similar complaint. He scored very well in other subjects, but got a zero in one of the Economics papers. He wants to study at JNU in Delhi and is worried about his admission. The affected students will have to approach the examination house through their college with an application. If there is an error, we will try rectify it as soon as possible.\"He added that the numbers of students failing in Economics or getting a zero will not be that high as the university might have received many complaints till now.Director (examinations) Subhash Deo said, \"Students should write an application to the examination department via the college immediately. It could be an error during data entry, we will rectify it soon.\" One of the principals of a college in Sion claimed that the TYBA results this year, was in fact, better than last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "14621767", "title": "Conmen flee with Rs 2.5L from ASI's son", "text": "MOHALI: Two conmen cheated a Canada-returned son of an assistant sub inspector (ASI) of district police of Rs 2.50 lakh in ICICI Bank, Phase VII branch, on Monday. The victim Jetinder Singh, 21, came to the bank for depositing the amount in his account when he was approached by two youths claiming that they will help him deposit the amount.The incident took place around 11.30am and Jetinder was asked to get a photo copy of his identity proof done from outside the bank. The images of conmen have been captured in the CCTV cameras installed in the bank.In his statement to police, Jetinder said, \"I was confused on the form number-16, which is a mandatory to fill in the case of depositing huge amount and two youths told me that they will fill it and they took the bag containing the cash from me.\"Jetinder, who returned from Canada two weeks back, said after obtaining the copy of his identity proof when he returned to bank, youths had disappeared. Jetinder informed the bank officials about the cheating and local cops were summoned to the spot.The victim resides in police colony along with his family in Mohali and is scheduled to return to Canada within a month.Police said it took barely 45 min for the conmen, one of whom was carrying a helmet in his hands, to convince Jetinder and escape with the booty.DSP (city-I), Mohali, R S Sohal, said, \"It is yet to be established either conmen were chasing the victim or they caught him inside ICICI Bank. The scrutiny of CCTV footage established that Jetinder fell in the well-laid trap of conmen.\" He said assistance of nearby police authorities of Panchkula and Chandigarh is also being taken to crack the case.A case of cheating and forgery was registered at Mataur police station. Notably, Chandigarh has witnessed five such cases where people were cheating in different banks using the same modus operandi during the past five months. Chandigarh police have failed to crack a single case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14618728", "title": "New dress for municipal schools", "text": "NEW DELHI: Almost 10 lakh students of municipal schools will be soon be donning a new uniform. It has been proposed that instead of giving cash, the corporations distribute uniforms to students. The erstwhile MCD used to parcel out Rs 1,000 to each student for buying uniform every year. But, the councillors say, most of the students come from economically weaker sections, and the money meant for uniform is often used to fulfil daily needs.\"The colour of the new uniform hasn't been decided but some designs have been chosen,\" said Rekha Gupta, chairman, education committee, North Delhi Municipal Corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14626718", "title": "State child rights commission seeks shifting of schools to safe places", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Assam State Commission for Protection of Child Rights (ASCPCR) has asked the authorities of flood-affected districts to make immediate arrangements for shifting schools to safe areas for proper implementation of Right to Education Act.A team from ASCPCR visited the affected Upper Assam districts recently and found that anganwadi centres, which cater to child development activities, were the worst affected in the deluge. The team also found that many centres were now being used as relief centres.\"The team, during its recently concluded visit to the flood affected Upper Assam districts, found that schools and anganwadi centres are under water. The commission has asked the district authorities to shift the schools and anganwadi centres to safer places,\" said Suchitra Kakoty, chairperson of ASCPCR. She added that the district administrations must take up the issue of flood affected areas seriously and find out a suitable alternative.She added, \"Laika village inside Dibru-Saikhowa National Park is one of the most flood-prone areas of Tinsukia district. Over 300 children from Laika have been shifted to nearby Barguri LP School. Most of these children are below 13 years and they are suffering as their anganwadi centres and schools have been inundated.\"The commission had discussed the issue of Laika with the district administration of Tinsukia. \"We are hopeful that the children of Laika will not miss their classes from next year as the deputy commissioner of Tinsukia district has assured the commission of finding an alternative,\" said Kakoty.Consultant of ASCPCR, Urmimala Sen Gupta, said the matter of anganwadi centres needs special attention as many such centres have been used as relief and rehabilitation centres for flood-affected people. \"During our visit, we have seen that the anganwadi centres in the Burhapahar area of Kaziranga in Golaghat district have been transformed into shelters for flood-hit villagers. No one can say for how many days the children will have to miss their classes,\" she said.The commission will also take stock of the plight of children in Dibrugarh and Sivsagar districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "14620943", "title": "China builds infrastructure for Mansarovar pilgrims", "text": "BEIJING: China is building a wide range of infrastructure to increase the flow of Indian pilgrims visiting Mansarovar in Tibet. This is the impression of Indian ambassador in Beijing, S Jaishankar, the first envoy to visit Tibet in the past decade.Once the planned facilities are created, the number of pilgrims and visitors from India to Tibet is expected to rise from the 14,000 seen last year. Jaishankar's Mansarovar journey is possibly the biggest exposure to the changing situation in Tibet for Indian diplomats since the visit of Shiv Shankar Menon, the current National Security Advisor, as the ambassador in Beijing in 2002.China has indicated it will improve traditional rest places, which are viewed by some pilgrims as old Hindu temples, in Kailash area. The government is also planning to upgrade existing guest-houses into hotels, improve road and transportation facilities in both the Kailash and Mansarovar areas.It may also relax visa and permit controls to allow more visitors to Mansarovar to extend their journey to other Tibetan areas like Lhasa. At present, many Indian visitors are allowed to go to Mansarovar but not to other places in Tibet.At the official level, the foreign ministries of the two nations agreed on a quota for allowing 800 pilgrims to visit Mansarovar last year. These pilgrims were brought by government of India run agencies. But China issued permits allowing a total of 14,000 pilgrims last year.\"There is no doubt the Chinese are serious about encouraging more Indian pilgrims to Mansarovar,\" Jaishankar told TOI. There are signs China wants to encourage all kinds of Indian and Nepali tourists, and not merely those with a religious bent. It is trying to build modern more tourist entertainment facilities like the World Park in Shenzhen, which has enthralled tourists for many years.The park contains scaled down models of major world monuments and tourist places, including the seven wonders like the Taj Mahal. The scaled down models, which involve massive amounts of architectural inputs, have helped enhance China's image as a modern nation.\"Officials were keen to find out what we thought would be the tourist flows from India to Tibet in future,\" said Jaishankar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14620848", "title": "Seal pact to lift Carbide waste in 7 days: SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday asked the Madhya Pradesh government to finalize the technical agreement with a German firm for lifting 350 tonnes of toxic waste lying in the defunct Union Carbide plant at Bhopal, which had stopped operations since the 1984 gas leak.Though advocate Ravishankar Prasad sought three weeks time, a bench of Justices G S Singhvi and S J Mukhopadhaya said the technical agreement and other details for lifting the toxic waste must be complete within a week.The Union government's group of ministers headed by P Chidambaram had already approved the MP government's plan for incineration of the toxic waste by German agency GIZ at Hamburg. The Centre had agreed to bear the air lifting cost of Rs 25 lakh and the waste was expected to be removed in a year.Though the GoM had approved the proposal last month and asked the state to prepare the detailed scheme in two weeks, it was the Madhya Pradesh government, which delayed finalization of the technical agreement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14620227", "title": "Two booked for attempt to murder in Jharsa village", "text": "GURGAON: Two men from Jharsa village have been booked for attempt to murder for allegedly beating up a youth from the same village on Saturday evening. The two men tried to kill the youth after he refused to give them his money.The victim has been identified as Anuj Thakran, who recently returned from Australia after completing his B Tech there. Anuj lodged a complaint against the two men, Mahipal and Anil at the Sadar police station and said that the duo had run away with his gold chain and wallet.In his complaint, Anuj said that was going back home after visiting a friend in Sector 5 when Mahipal and Anil, who were in a Santro, overtook him and stopped his bike. They tried to snatch his wallet and when he resisted them, the two men beat him up and attempted to kill him.After Mahipal and Anil fled the scene with his belongings, Anuj called up his family who came to the spot and rushed him to a private hospital. He lodged a complaint with police after being discharged from the hospital on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14616955", "title": "Gujarat High Court decision on Income Tax Act brings relief to exporters", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In a relief to exporters across the country, the Gujarat High Court (HC) on Monday held that amended Section 80 HHC of the Income Tax Act cannot be implemented with retrospective effect.The amendment was made in 2005 sought to withdraw various tax incentives granted to exporters. Provisions in this section deal with deduction in respect of profits retained for export business.There were questions raised against this amendment in various high courts and the Supreme Court, but the apex court transferred all appeals to the Gujarat HC.A bench of acting Chief Justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and Justice J B Pardiwala upheld the amendment to an extent, but also observed that it cannot be made applicable with retrospective effect because it is unconstitutional.Following the amendment in 2005, many exporters led by the Indian Exporters Grievances Forum had moved various high courts challenging the amendment that provided for deduction of profits, from total income of the assessees, retained for export businesses. While the Centre had amended Section 80HHC by Sections 3 and 4 of the Taxation Laws (Amendment) Act, 2005, the amendment was implemented retrospectively from April 1, 1998. The exporters, who had availed the benefit of the deduction between 1983 and 2005, had challenged the implementation with retrospective effect.Prior to the amendment, the provision, which was inserted by the Finance Act 1982 with a view to encouraging exports, granted deduction to the extent of 90% of the profit relating to the drawback earned.After the new insertion, the value of export turnover alone has been made a criterion to determine the eligibility of concession under Section 80HHC.Further, the exporter whose turnover exceeds Rs 10 crore has now to fulfill certain preconditions before claiming the deduction of profit earned out of sale/transfer of the duty entitlement passbook (DEPB) scripts.However, an exporter whose turnover is less than Rs 10 crore need not satisfy any conditions.While the amendment grants benefit to exporters having turnover of more than Rs 10 crore and whose products are notified/eligible for both duty drawback scheme as well as DEPB scheme, exporters having turnover of less than Rs 10 crore are singled out and allowed deduction on DEPB without any conditions, the exporters alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "14620706", "title": "Man lynched in Bally by paramour's brothers", "text": "HOWRAH: A 51-year-old fish trader from Howrah's Bally was lynched by three persons late on Sunday evening for his alleged affair with a 27-year-old woman. Based on a complaint by the trader's wife, four persons, including the woman, were arrested and produced before a court on Monday.The trader had two sons. While one of them lives in the Nawpatti area of Bally, the other one is an engineer and stays out of Bengal.The deceased, Satyanarayan Ghosh, used to run his business in Nischinda's Dakshinpara. According to locals, Ghosh was close to one Alladi Singh of Nawpatti area for quite some time now. The trader reportedly knew Alladi's late father and had come to know the woman since then. The two were allegedly having an illicit affair since then. and there was trouble between both the families.On Sunday evening, Ghosh left house to meet a friend. Sources said theyhad consumed alcohol and after that Ghosh returned home at around 10.30pm, had dinner and left for Alladi's house.Late on that night, locals informed Ghosh's wife Seema that there was a ruckus in front of Alladi's house. \"She rushed there to find her husband lying on the street in a semi-conscious state. Alladi's brothers Somnath and Raju Singh, along with their friend Tutul Mallick, were raining blows on him. Ghosh's elder son too reached there and rescued his father,\" said sources.Unable to resist the men by herself, Seema rushed to her elder son's house in the same area. He arrived and helped his mother to rescue Ghosh and take him back home. The trader lost his consciousness by the time he was taken to home,\" said sources.Ghosh was taken to Belur State General Hospital where he was declared brought dead. Later, Seema lodged a complaint against the Singh brothers and Mallick with Bally police station.\"Based on her complaint, we have arrested them and the woman. This seems to be a case of lynching. We are probing the matter,\" said Nishat Pervez, DC (HQ), Howrah City Police.Sources close to the Singhs said that Ghosh's relationship with Alladi was resulting in severe embarrassment to them.Sources said that the two brothers had apparently warned the trader against visiting their sister's house, but Ghosh paid no heed. On Sunday, the brothers and their friend stopped Ghosh and asked him to return home. An altercation broke out when the trader refused to do so and this led to the assault.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14622532", "title": "13 suspected of dengue in Trichy", "text": "MADURAI: As many as 13 persons including five women with suspected dengue fever were admitted to the Annal Gandhi memorial government hospital and their blood samples were sent to Chennai to confirm the disease.Of the 13 patients, 11 persons came from Thanjavur district and rest were from Trichy. They were admitted on Saturday night with fever and on Sunday, their samples were sent to Chennai to check for dengue fever. Meanwhile, they are under observation in separate wards. While a doctor TOI met in the ward said that the test results of five persons among them confirmed the disease, hospital authorities did not give an official statement saying they were still awaiting results of the rest of the patients.In the last three months, dengue outbreak has put southern districts on high alert and has been keeping local administrations and the health department on their toes. The outbreak which started as a mystery fever in Kadayanallur region in the month of April, spread in Tirunelveli district rapidly. Even as health officials were trying to ascertain the cause of death in a few causalities reported in Kadayanallur region, many started succumbing to dengue fever and hundreds were admitted into both private and government hospitals. The disease quickly spread into most parts of Tirunelveli, slowly reaching neighbouring districts like Tuticorin, Virudhunagar, Ramanadhapuram and even to Madurai at later stages.After the issue was discussed in the assembly, the state machinery deployed special medical teams in Tirunelveli and government hospitals in the district were equipped to handle dengue cases. It took round the clock monitoring from the local administration in mosquito control measures and medical surveillance by health officials to bring the situation under control. But by then the dengue virus had claimed 29 lives in Tirunelveli alone with a few more deaths in neighbouring districts like Ramanathapuram and Madurai districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14621726", "title": "State moves up in accidental death category", "text": "KOCHI: There has been no respite from accidental deaths for the state, which has moved up from the low accident-prone state category to high in the National Crime Records Bureau's (NCRB) 2011 report, released recently.While the state reported about 10,653 accidental deaths in 2010, it has gone up to 11,128 from among 3,90,884 deaths reported in the country in 2011. Traffic accidents, unnatural deaths and deaths attributable to nature come under NCRB's accidental death category.According to NCRB, Kerala has become a high accident-prone state on the basis of percentage share in deaths due to road accidents.While the national average for road accidents stood at 37.3%, the state has just crossed the line, registering 37.4%. For Karnataka, the figure stood at 39.6%, while Tamil Nadu recorded 46.6% and Andhra Pradesh 50.8% in south India. The incidence of accidental deaths has increased by 1.6% at the national level in 2011 compared to 2010.Fourteen states crossed the five figure mark in accidental deaths with Maharashtra topping the list with a maximum of 60,515 deaths. Meanwhile, drowning deaths accounted for 15.2% in the state, while sudden deaths (such as heart attacks, epileptic fits/giddiness, abortions/child birth, influence of alcohol, killed by animals and mines or quarry disasters) made up almost 18.6%.According to the report, from various natural causes, lightning had claimed the maximum number of lives in Kerala. Thirty-two lives were lost to lightning from the total 2,550 lighting deaths reported in 2011 in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14620009", "title": "\u2018Tayal to move HC\u2019", "text": "GURGAON: After a city court rejected his anticipatory bail plea, Rohtash Tayal, the main accused in the Mahi case, is now approaching Punjab and Haryana HC. Those close to Tayal said that he would move the application within a few days. Meanwhile, police said they are on the lookout for the accused.Though the city court did not accept his claim of being innocent, Tayal in his bail plea, submitted through his lawyer, said that he was not the owner of the plot. The plot is registered in the name of one Rakesh Gupta and Rohtash's mother, Saubhagyawati, he had said.Construction on the plot was done one and a half years ago and about 70 rooms were constructed, where tenants have been staying in the rooms. In his bail plea, Tayal had stated that he had appointed Surender, a resident of Kiranj village in Sohna, as a caretaker to manage the property. Surender used to collect rent from the tenants and then would hand them over to him in Delhi.\"He had absolutely no interaction with any of the tenants. It is false that he had got the borewell constructed,\" the bail plea claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14620677", "title": "Banking exposure key to sisters' con act", "text": "KOLKATA: Two sisters Debasree and Dipsikha Chakraborty, who were rounded up by Kolkata Police's detective department on Saturday on the outskirts of Siliguri for allegedly duping a nationalized bank and swindling Rs 1.5 crore, were in banking jobs during their stay in Kolkata.The accused reportedly confessed before the investigators that their association with the jobs, outsourced by different banks, helped them understand the nitty-gritty as well as the loopholes of the loan sanction procedure.Police said that the father of the accused is a retired railway employee and they used to stay at the railway quarters in New Jalpaiguri. Both of them completed their 12th standard from Siliguri and after that Dipsikha completed her graduation from a north Bengal college. Her sister did not continue studies and took training in nursing.In 2003, they left for New Delhi in search of jobs and stayed five years in the Capital. They reportedly told the police that during their stay in Delhi, they used to work in a private company. According to police sources, they returned to New Jalpaiguri in 2006 and started trading in computers. Despite considerable investments, they met with huge loss.In dire need of money, they decided to leave north Bengal and landed in Kolkata. Literally in a penny less condition, once again they left north Bengal, looking for earning and this time landed in Kolkata. With the help of some friends,They managed to get outsourced jobs of different banks after some friends helped them and they continued with the jobs for two years. The accused reportedly confessed before the investigators that during their banking jobs, they learned the nitty-gritty of loan process and also knew the loopholes of the process. \"\"Their association with the banking procedure helped them make some quick money using the loop holes of the loan sanction procedure and soon they floated a fictitious company - Larsen Engineering - at Jodhpur park,\" said sources.The sleuths said some of their old colleagues also joined them and created fake accounts and documents to dupe a nationalized bank of Rs 1.5 crore. People earlier who used to work with two sisters were also taken together in the forgery and creating fake accounts along with fake documents they duped a nationalized bank of Rs 1.5 crore.According to police sources, the sisters had earlier defrauded some banks in south Kolkata, too, and swindled a few crores. These banks are also planning to lodge complaints.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14624515", "title": "'Ore transportation not at the cost of people's safety'", "text": "MARGAO: Following the relaxation of the ban on mining transportation during monsoons by the South Goa collector, N D Agarwal, a few mining firms having operations in Sanguem, Quepem and Dharbondara talukas have made applications to the district magistrate seeking permission to allow them to carry out mining transportation. While Sesa Goa, Timblo and A X Palondicar are the mining companies which have sought permission for transportation of their mineral ore, Minescape has sought permission for transportation of ore for two sponge iron companies- Shradha Ispat and Goa Sponge, sources in the collectorate informed.Speaking to TOI on Monday, Agarwal confirmed having received applications from the mining companies, but stressed that he would consider the applications only after assessing all the aspects concerning mining transportation on the respective routes.\"The mining firms have been asked to submit the number of the trucks they want to engage and the number of trips they will make per day for transporting ore from the mines to the jetties. I will study all aspects, like the density of traffic on the route and the impact that it will have on the residents, etc, and only then will I allow conditional transportation for a period of 15 days initially,\" Agarwal said.He hastened to add that the transportation will have to be carried out by adhering to all the conditions outlined in his modified order. \"Safety of the people residing in those areas will be of paramount consideration while issuing the permission,\" Agarwal stressed.Pointing out to a clause in his modified order that any violation of the conditions will amount to an offence under Section 188 of the Indian Penal Code, and that the talathis of the respective areas, in-charge of the police stations and in-charge of traffic cells have been authorized to file FIRs against the violators, Agarwal said: \"I will ensure that the monitoring mechanism is put in place first, before granting permissions to the mining companies.\"In his modified order, Agarwal has stipulated, among other conditions, that the tyres of the mining trucks coming from the mines should be washed before proceeding to the main tarred road so as to prevent the road from being rendered slippery and thus unsafe for the public. The order further makes it binding on the mining companies to wash the roads by using water tankers and other equipments at their own cost to clear the roads of mud. The modified order has prevented movement of mining trucks between 7am and 9am, and from 12 noon to 2pm to ensure the safety of students. The mining trucks shall not carry ore more than 10 metric tonnes, the order states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14617422", "title": "Govt failing to provide jobs under MGNREGA: Activists", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government appears to be failing in providing job to rural workers under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGNREGA). If the NGOs keeping a watch on the execution of the MGNREA are to be believed, this is the major reason why the state government has checked the availability of Form-6, which is required for seeking job under the Act.The Mazdoor Kisan Shakti Sangathan ( MKSS) has alleged that the government was failing to provide the jobs and to avoid paying unemployment allowances to such job seekers; it was deliberately checking the availability of Form-6 in rural areas.\"Form-6 works as a receipt with the rural workers to show that they have sought job from the government under the Act. When the government fails to provide a job within 15 days, these workers are entitled to unemployment allowances and the local authorities can be fined,\" MKSS's Shankar Singh said on Monday. \"By not making these forms easily available, the government is actually not leaving any proof with the job seekers. This is being done to simply avoid paying allowances and fines,\" Singh added.Singh and several other social activists led by Aruna Roy met chief secretary CK Mathew on Monday to discuss the 'problem areas' of MNREGA in Rajasthan.\"We have asked the chief secretary to make the Form-6 available with the panchayat ward members and at the government schools too. At present, the forms are available with the panchayat and its sarpanch and the gram sevaks,\" Roy later told reporters. She added, \"The government expenditure and the number of people getting jobs under MGNREGA have come down in Rajasthan in recent years. People here are not getting the 100 days of job, which is their constitutional right.\"The state government's latest figures show that the number of families with MGNREGS job-cards has gone up from 89.28 lakh in 2009-10 to 96.01 lakh in 2012-13, while the number of families getting 100 days of work has declined from 17.63 lakh in 2009-10 to 0.01 lakh in 2012-13.Another team member, Moti Lal from Baran, said the number of people who sought jobs under the scheme in his district increased drastically once the Form-6 was made available. \"After the state government provided training to ward members of five blocks in Baran district, the number of job seekers increased four-folds,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14622950", "title": "Civic body's tall claims drown in two hours of rain", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Two hours of heavy downpour on Monday morning threw life out of gear in the city. Several residential areas and roads were waterlogged as a drizzle continued almost through out the day. The rains are yet to arrive in their full fury, but the city has already started to suffer, complained residents.Despite all the tall claims of preparedness by the Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation, (BMC) severe water logging brought life to a standstill in Acharya Vihar, Kedar Gouri Vihar, Rasulgarh and Cuttack Road. A house collapsed at Rasulgarh and students of Subhadra Mahtab Girls' High School in Old town area had to wade through ankle-deep water to enter classrooms. The entrance of the school, the principal's room and the assembly were under water. Vehicles were stranded in knee-deep water at Master Canteen Square and Cuttack Road.\"It's not any interior area, but the heart of the city, Master Canteen Square, that is severely waterlogged. I Can't imagine the condition of low-lying areas. I shudder to think that the entire rainy season is ahead of us,\" said Pradymna Mahapatra, a commuter. The Met office has predicted heavy rain in the city and in most parts of the state in the next 24 hours.\"The BMC did not learn a lesson from the disaster last year. Every year, rainwater gushes into our houses, but last time water logging was most serious as the water could not find a way out. Despite several complaints, the BMC is not cleaning the choking drains and water logging has become a regular feature here. Adding to the woes, the civic body started construction of drains after the rain started,\" said Antaryami Sahu, a resident of Acharya Vihar.The problem in the area is so serious, that last year people had to tie their vehicles with chains in the garages because some small cars were by the heavy flow of water. Residents had to wade through waste-high water at some places, with their children sitting on their shoulders.Bhubaneswar mayor Ananta Narayan Jena said, \"Our staff attended to all calls and complaints of water logging on Monday. In Acharya Vihar, the drain no-4 is a cause of concern. It's being repaired at both the ends.\" He said BMC had opened a 24X7 help desk to receive complaints of water logging. Besides, 10 pumps and five excavators are always ready to attend to SOS calls. \"We have also assigned special duty officers at our officers till the end of monsoon,\" he added.Frustrated at the BMC's way of wrok, Mahadev Rout, a Sashrti Nagar resident, said, \"The municipal authorities claimed to have cleaned the chocked sewer lines and drains. The silt removed a few days back were heaved on roadsides. As soon as it started raining, the silt went back into the drains.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14624985", "title": "Punjab rallyist killed in crash, navigator critically injured", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab rally driver Jatinder Shukla was killed in a road accident, while his co-driver Ashish Mahajan was critically injured on the final day of the Mughal Road Car Rally near Simthan Pass while returning back to Srinagar on Sunday evening.The 28-year-old rally driver was taking part in Enduro, a relatively low risk category, when he lost control over his vehicle and plunged into a deep gorge. He died on the spot, while Ashish is in a critical condition at the Sher-e-Kashmir Institute of Medical Sciences, Soura (SKIMS) in Srinagar.A resident of Malerkotla, Jatinder was driving a Maruti Gypsy , PB-47C 9290, registered at Zira in Ferozepur.\"Doctors have described Ashish's condition as critical. He has been put on life support system at the hospital,\" rally organizers said. The prize distribution function for the Mughal Road Car Rally was cancelled following the death of a participant and critical injuries to his navigator.The three-day Mughal Road Car Rally started Saturday from the banks of Dal lake in Srinagar. It was flagged off by minister of state for tourism Nasir Aslam Wani. The rally had 67 participants, who drove vehicles of different types over the 600-km stretch of mountainous road. Indian motor giants Tatas, Maruti and Mahindra participated in the rally. The rally was part of the state tourism department's campaign to promote tourism and attract adventure tourists to Kashmir.\"One of the participating drivers in the car rally, Jitender Shukla of Punjab, died in a vehicle crash at Simthan Pass while returning back to Srinagar in the rally,\" Aamir Ali, in-charge of disaster management cell at the provincial administration said.Jitender's navigator Ashish is a store manager with a telecommunication company and a resident of Morinda and had studied at Government College, Mohali, Phase VI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "14623525", "title": "Economy slowdown hits hospitality sector", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The hospitality sector is feeling the pinch of economic slowdown with the industry assuming a revenue loss of over 20% by the end of the current fiscal year.The hotel industry in the Singhbhum region, which has been witnessing relative slump in the occupancy rate over the past several months owing to fall in the growth of the tourism industry, is fearing further shocks in the remaining quarters of the current financial year.\"Given that the tourism industry growth has fallen sharply to around 7% in the current fiscal year from 11% two years ago, the hospitality industry is bound to be affected. I would say we are already experiencing the impact,\" said Jamshedpur Hoteliers' Association president Prabhakar Singh.The hospitality industry here had suffered revenue loss during the global economic turmoil in 2008-09 but this time the fear of loss across the industry is relatively higher. \"Four years back, the situation was little different. With the commissioning of big ticket expansion projects of Tata Steel and Tata Motors and greenfield project of Tata Bluescope company, we had an impressive flow of foreign visitors to the city. But now the situation is completely different,\" said a noted hotelier who owns a Bistupur-based three star hotel.According to industry insiders, the hotel association is working out a promotional campaign to woo the clients in order to shore up the occupancy rate and make up the apparent business loss. \"Certainly, we will work out promotional measures in a bid to make up the apparent (revenue) loss,\" said Singh.Hotels that run the restaurant and bars are planning to introduce discount offers besides surprise gifts to increase the room occupancy rate will be in the offing. \"We shall witness to the food festivals in bulk number in our city-based hotels in the months to come,\" said an entrepreneur who is frequent to the hotels with his family, referring to the apparent steps hotels will take to narrow down the business loss.The hotel industry has urged the Union government and the state government to come forward with tax relaxation measures to help assist the hospitality industry to tide over the crisis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14619260", "title": "2 held with 11 lakh cocaine", "text": "Two Nigerians were arrested for possessing 230 gm of cocaine worth Rs 11.50 lakh on Sunday. One of the accused tried to overpower the police and flee on Monday, but was nabbed. DCP (anti-narcotics cell) Vinayak Deshmukh said Emeka Charles (24) and Yuchen Jerin (23) were arrested from Masjid Bunder area. Cops said this is the biggest cocaine haul this year.Officials said this is the biggest cocaine haul this year.The two have been booked under the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances ( NDPS) Act.They have been remanded in police custody till July 7.One of the two Nigerian nationals, who tried to overpower police constables and tried to flee after being arrested for possession of cocaine, was arrested by the anti narcotic cell (ANC) of Mumbai police on Monday..A high drama followed at the police headquarters at Crawford market where the DCP deputy commissioner of police Vinayak Deshmukh was to address a press conference regarding the seizure of drugs, when the accused, Emeka Charles (24) over powered the escorting two constables and tried to flee. The alert police guard however managed to over power and arrest him.As per Deputy Commissioner of police (ANC) Vinayak Deshmukh they caught two Nigerian's Emeka Charles (24) and Yuchen Jerin (23) were arrested from the Masjid Bunder area for possessing the cocaine of 230 grams worth at Rs 11.50 lakh on Sunday evening.ANC officials of the Azad Maidan Unit which made the seizure said this was the highest seizure made this year and in the 10 previous cases this year by the ANC, they had seized 193 grams of cocaine in total. Police have booked them under the the Narcotics Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (NDPS) act.The two accused were produced in the 37th Metropolitan Magistrate which remanded them to police custody till July 7.. Police said the cocaine was found in the pocket of one of the accused. After being taken to the court, they were brought to the commissioner's office for a press conference when, Charles hit a policemen who was escorting him and started running. \"The accused was hand cuffed and the other end was being held by a policeman, despite this the accused made an attempt,\" an eyewitness said.The eye witness added as soon as the accused started running, the ANC constables on duty ran behind him and nabbed him. Senior officials said the two arrested did not have previous criminal record and were in the country on a business visa which is valid till August 2012. \"From our investigations we have learnt that the accused were in the business of garments selling,\" officials said. The accused were staying in the Marol area on rent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14621436", "title": "HC refuses to review its order on welfare workers", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court order relating to the dismissal of the 13,000 makkal nala paniyalargal ( welfare workers) cannot be reviewed, a division bench has said.When a plea to review the judgmenet, delivered in the last week of April, came up for hearing before the bench comprising Justice Elipe Dharma Rao and Justice M Venugopal on Monday, the judges said: \"We see no reason to grant leave to the petitioner (Tamil Nadu Makkal Nala Paniyalargal Munnetra Sangam) and accordingly it is dismissed.\"Appointed first in 1989 by the DMK government, the posts were disbanded whenever the AIADMK returned to power. On November 8, 2011, the persent government issued an order again disbanding the posts of the workers. The order was first stayed by a single judge on November 11, 2011. On January 23 this year, the same judge directed the government to reinstate the workers and pay them all consequential benefits. Challenging it, the government preferred an appeal before a division bench.In April, the bench made a suggestion that the government could pay the dismissed workers' compensation on the line of industrial workers. Accepting the suggestion, the government said it had decided to pay five months' salary to the workers on or before May 31 as a one-time payment. After counsel for the workers' association too accepted the offer, the case was closed.However, the present review plea was filed by one Mathivanan, who contended that the then president Palani had given his consent to the government's offer without taking the association into confidence. Also, he had lost the association election by the time he gave the consent, and hence it could not be construed as the consent of the association.On Monday, the judges rejected the review plea and said that if the association had any grievance against Palani it is for them to take appropriate action against him as per law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14624910", "title": "Trial begins in Kannadi Shaji murder case", "text": "Thiruvananthapuram: The trial in the sensational daylight gangland murder of Kannadi Shaji began before the district and sessions judge, B Sudheendra Kumar, here on Monday. The trial commenced with the examination of the account of Ajith, the key witness. Ajith was the one who rode the motorcycle, with Kannadi Shaji on pillion, when they were attacked by the accused from behind.Ajith identified four out of the 12 persons accused in the case. However, he made a goof up in identifying Krishnakumar, the prime accused. He mistook 10th accused Suresh Kumar for Krishnakumar. He said that he did not remember Krishnakumar's face properly. He also added that he feared that Krishnakumar might harm him if he deposed against him. The witness examination will continue on Tuesday. On Tuesday, the statement of another eye witness, Jayakumari, will be examined.The court premise was under tight police cover during the proceedings. The court had on Saturday directed city police commissioner T J Jose to provide additional security.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14623948", "title": "Lack of sleep leads to attention deficit hyperactive disorder", "text": "VARANASI: Recent studies have shown that a number of Indian children aged between 6 and 17 years have been found to be suffering from attention deficit hyperactive disorder (ADHD) and the main cause for it is lack of proper sleep. Erratic power supply is to blame for this disorder.According to associate professor, department of psychology, Banaras Hindu University, Rakesh Pandey proper sleep is the most important factor for attentiveness in the class and remaining alert at the work place. Proper rest and sleep of not less than six hours a day are necessary. This a western trend, which is slowly catching up in developing nations like India, he added.Besides ADHD, cognitive difficulties and behavioural changes are also noticed in persons, who lack proper sleep and it could range from loss of concentration, short-temperament and irritation, aften reflected in agressive behaviour, he said.The abrupt disturbance in the power supply in the city has thrown life out of gear for Rashmi, a resident of Ravindrapuri, who has to perform balancing act between professional and personal life. Long power cuts force her to spend sleepless nights for the last two days. Lack of proper sleep has started to take toll at the working place, hampering the work that she used to accomplish with ease. Readying her children to catch a bus in the morning and looking after their class assignments in the evening are the other problems.Malti, who runs a beauty parlour in Kabir Nagar, had exerted pressure on the residents of her area to come up with generator for power back-up to ensure power supply at nights. \"Since we have to look after the work as well as the house affairs, it becomes vital to ensure proper rest. We can withstand the noise of genset, but not the trauma of lack of sleep which reflects in the work,\" she said.O P Mishra, a government employee in Sigra, said the opening of schools after summer vacations has made the situation worse as one has to prepare children in these adverse conditions. The studies are also hit and alternative power back-up sources like gensets and inverters only give temporary relief, he added.Inverters installed at homes and business establishments are failing to deliver as these gadgets are not charged enough to provide the service.If the conditions persist for some more time, the repercussions would reflect on the business, said owner of a lodge in Assi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14619587", "title": "'Reply to hoarding plan'", "text": "The Bombay HC has given the BMC two weeks to respond to a proposal to make the superintendent of licences liable for illegal hoardings in the city.The proposal was put forth by activist Dr Anahita Pundole, is that the officer can give permission to renew license for hoardings in the city only if it is in accordance with law and the corporations guidelines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14625786", "title": "Heavy rain causes power disruption in several areas", "text": "INDORE: Several parts in Indore witnessed irregular power supply, a day after the heavy rain showers drenched the city, thus exposing the electricity department's tall claims of preparedness for monsoon on Monday.An electric transformer adjacent to NRK Business Park suddenly caught fire but no efforts were made to douse the fire till late evening, despite making several calls to the electricity department. Similarly erratic power supply was witnessed in areas of Chikitsak Nagar, Mahalaxmi, Saket, Palasia, Vijay Nagar, Annapurna, Rajendra Nagar including few other areas in the city.Sanjay Choudhary, resident of Chikitsak Nagar complained that the electricity remained disrupted throughout the day. \"I could not fill water on overhead tanks due to erratic power supply. Besides, I was afraid that my electric gadget might burn out due to the fluctuation,\" he said.Neeraj Chinchkhede, Pawan Singh, Uma Verma and Roshni Bajaj residents of Mahalaxmi also complained of erratic power supply.An official in electricity department said that few complaints had been registered and the work is underway. \"We have sent our teams in different areas to solve the power disruption problem,\" he said assuring that the department is prepared for the monsoon and there will be no problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14622974", "title": "Industrial bodies to meet over labour scarcity in district", "text": "NASHIK: Industrial association in the district will be planning to meet next week to discuss ways to overcome the problem of labour scaricity among Nashik's industries. The groups will also review the proposal of the mull over the proposal of theDevelopment Commissioner (Industries) of Maharashtra to initiate a skilled development programme in Nashik city. industrial associations in Nashik are planning a joint meeting on the issue next week.Sanjay Sethi, development commissioner (Industries), during his visit to the city last month, had met office-bearers of all the major industrial associations, including Nashik Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association ( NIMA), Ambad Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (AIMA), Laghu Udyog Bharati (LUB) and a volunteer organization, 'Nashik First'. He had informed them of the skill development programme put forth by the state government. Sethi had also asked the associations to come together and submit a combined proposal to initiate the skilled development programme in Nashik. Accordingly, the associations are meeting to consider over the skilled development programme.Speaking to TOI on Monday, AIMA president Suresh Mali, said, \"All industrial associations are planning a joint meeting next week. The possibility of having a skilled development programme will be discussed and a decision on the proposal of the development commissioner for initiating skill development programme in Nashik, will be taken. The industry, particularly Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs) is facing a manpower crisis since the last few months. Such an initiative will help us overcome this problem which needs to be resolved if labour shortage required for thelocal industry is to survive.\"It is believed that students from the Industrial Training Institutes (ITIs) are not directly employable within industries as industrialists find that there is a gap between what their trade needs on a practical basis and the skills that the students are equipped with. students passing from ITIs.According to the development programme, students will be trained by industry members to help bridge this gap.The industry will not only design the programme internally but also impart training to according to trade needs. The state is said to provide financial assistance required to keep the programme operational.There are around 3,000 industries in the Satpur and Ambad industrial areas of Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC), of which around 2,700 units are SMEs, which currently require skilled and unskilled labour. These units include contract labourers and temporary workers to the large extent. The labour shortage is one of the major issues the SMEs are facing today. The labourers come in three categories- skilled, semi-skilled and helpers. The industry is not getting adequate skilled labourers even though they are ready to pay more salary. The industry requires around 40,000 workers, including 15,000 skilled workforce,15,000 semi-skilled and rest of the helpers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14621953", "title": "Two techies robbed of cash, cellphones", "text": "PUNE: Four unidentified persons, on the pretext of offering help, allegedly robbed two software engineers of their cash and two cellphones, all totalling to Rs 27,500 on Baner Road during the early hours of Sunday. A complaint in this regard was lodged by Apoorva Mahavir Kothadiya (22) of Wakad with the Chatushrungi police.Speaking to TOI, sub-inspector M N Walekar of the Chatushrungi police station said Kothadiya and his friend Abhinandan Kudale both work in a software company at Hinjewadi. On Saturday night they had gone to Kothrud to look for a flat on rent. \"Later, they went for a movie at a multiplex in Kothrud,\" Walekar said.After the show was over at 1.30 am, they were on their way back on their two-wheeler. Around 2.30 am, the two-wheeler broke down on Baner Road. \"While they were pushing the vehicle, four persons on two motorcycles approached them and offered help,\" Walekar said.They told Kothadiya that they can tag along with their two-wheeler for some distance. Once they had reached a secluded spot, the suspects threatened to kill them and forced them to withdraw money from the ATM machine nearby. The suspects took them to the ATM centre on Baner Road and withdrew Rs 20,000. They also snatched their cellphones before fleeing.\"Kothadiya had noted down the registration number of one of the motorcycles the suspects were using. We have launched a search operation,\" Walekar said. \"We also have the CCTV footage from the ATM centre.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14634643", "title": "Sohail Khan upset over media reports", "text": "The road accident on Sunday night by a car allegedly owned by Arbaaz Khan and driven by Sohail Khan's driver, which took an old woman's life, has left the Khan family with a disturbing sense of deja vu, and a deep sense of distress and indignation when no member of the Khan family was in the car when the accident occurred.So says a discernibly distressed and upset Sohail Khan who claims media reports with the Khan name have deeply disturbed the family. Says Sohail, \"We are not an insensitive family. And it's not a good feeling to be portrayed that way. The driver was alone in the car. It was the driver who caused the very unfortunate accident. He has taken the responsibility it.\"Far from feeling relieved at being exonerated from guilt Sohail says the Khan family is deeply disturbed by the accident. \"We are shaken by the whole episode. Who wouldn't be? Are we not human? To be called insensitive when only I know the trauma that my family is going through ever since the accident happened, is very unfair.\"Sohail says the accident was seen by several eyewitnesses. \"They've told the police exactly what happened. The driver was alone in the car. The poor lady lost her life. We are as troubled by this as any normal family would be. Why are we being perceived as callous and indifferent? It is sad that such a tragic event has become one more occasion to make us brothers look like reckless adventurers. Our names are being used just because our driver is not a celebrity.\"Apparently the family is extremely concerned about the plight of the driver. \"It was an accident. A precious human life has been lost. At least give us time to come to terms with the enormity of the tragedy,\" says Sohail.Sohail is specially upset with the way the Khan family's role in the entire tragedy is being distorted. Says Sohail, \"Look at how our statements are misinterpreted. I said and I meant that it was sad to see homeless people sleeping on the roads covering themselves with plastic sheets to stop being drenched in the rain. Given this kind of dangerous situation, if God forbid, a car loses control it can prove fatal.\"Says Sohail, \"We are sincerely concerned about the situation. What happened should not and must not happen to anyone. Let's make the roads safer for the pedestrians and the drivers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14631994", "title": "Kareena junks \u2018unlucky\u2019 swimsuit in Heroine", "text": "On the final legs of shooting his dream venture Heroine, Madhur Bhandarkar has planned to film the title track Main Hoon Heroine with Kareena Kapoor in Film City next week. However, not all that he planned was appreciated by his leading lady.We've learnt the actress refused to don a swimsuit in the song - one of the 22 garments that were initially planned. And now, Manish Malhotra is busy recreating a new design to replace the itsybitsy piece.A source close to UTV Motion Pictures and Bhandarkar Entertainment venture said that Kareena expressed her concerns over wearing a swimsuit citing examples of Kambakkht Ishq and Tashan - the two big budget ventures where she had donned one and which bombed at the box office.\"She believes that her swimsuit avatar may be jinxed. And she did not want anything to go wrong with this film. It is a big career move for her,\" added the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14620025", "title": "Mantralaya to emerge in a new avatar", "text": "MUMBAI: Mantralaya, the seat of power of the state government, will wear a new look in the aftermath of the June 21 fire. A senior state official told TOI that the government plans to decongest Mantralaya.Internal additions, alterations to passageways and near staircases, for space for offices and storage of files and documents, were seen as a major reason which made Mantralaya a tinderbox.A fire safety audit by the Mumbai fire brigade on the premises in 2008 had raised several objections.After the tragedy, the government has decided to decongest the building as a fire safety step along with other measures.A senior official said there was a plan to shift some offices permanently out. \"The lack of adequate office space is the main culprit for undesired obstructions. Shifting some departments will help us overcome this constraint and make for a more fire-safe environment,\" the official said.In the new avatar, offices of chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and his secretariat, and deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar and his secretariat could find a new area on the first floor. The sixth floor, where offices of the two are, was charred. The five deaths in the June 21 incident were reported on the sixth floor. \"Relocating their offices permanently to the first floor is seen as a safer option,\" the official said, adding that the two offices also see the most visitors. \"Such relocation will facilitate crowd management.\" A source added that the relocation plan has been discussed with Chavan and Pawar, who are operating from makeshift offices on the first floor after the fire.Similarly, the chief secretary's office, which also sees high footfalls, could be relocated to a lower floor.The government has relocated some departments, originally on the fire-affected floors, to sites within proximal distance. These include office spaces in the World Trade Centre, portions of the MTNL building near Cooperage grounds and Cuffe Parade, and the government-owned Bandhkam Bhavan near New Excelsior theatre. A seven-storey office space in a building inside G T hospital has also been taken possession of and is being readied for occupation.While a concrete plan on which offices to permanently shift out is to emerge, the source said the state government was looking at a long-term occupation of alternative office spaces. The same plan will also help decongest the new administrative building, the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14625802", "title": "Corn-on-the-cob to please the palate this monsoon", "text": "INDORE: Come rainy season and Indoreans love to go for street-side delicacies such as bhutta (roasted corn), chana jor garam and spicy pakoras.Not the ones to believe that one should give a miss to street food during monsoon, Indoreans find it more appetizing. Many eagerly wait for the season for irrestible bhutta or munching on chana jor garam. Dhiya Jain, who was eating American corn with friends at Chappan Dukan, says \"We have bhuttas almost daily during rainy season. As the weather turns pleasant after the rains, a roasted bhutta is what I come here for.\" Prakash Sahu says hot and spicy chana jor garam is the perfect end to a working day during rainy season. As these joints offer a place for gupshup, there are many who go there for a break of evening snacks. Narendra Jha affirms \"Being a working professional, I need a small refreshing break after noon. So I get myself a bhutta daily at around 4 in the evening. It is nutritious also apart from being reasonably priced.The pleasant weather makes it more enjoyable.\" Most grab a quick bite of hot and spicy pakoras and then start on their way back home.\"Though I generally don't eat out during rains, hot moong pakoras are irresistible. Some times I even get it packed for my family,\" says Madhukar Damle, a businessman. With the advent of monsoon in the city, these street-side snacks do the trick for the youngsters. Priya Kulkarni, a student, points out, \"These joints make the perfect hang-out place for me and my friends.\" Some may not approve of the quality, but Vidya, a housewife, does not suffer from any fear. \"As far as hygiene factor is concerned, one need not worry as most of these snacks are roasted or fried,\" she adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14625902", "title": "Many Bangalore colleges have queer clubs", "text": "BANGALORE: While Bangalore is open to people from all over the world, it's taken a while for it to be open about homosexuality. The change is definitely there, going by the increasing number of queer clubs on college campuses \u2014 gay and lesbian clubs are slowly and discreetly mushrooming.Cities like Delhi and Pune have active queer clubs on campus. In Bangalore, three students from different colleges came together to start Queer Campus Bangalore nine months ago. \"There are many gay and lesbian support groups for older people, but not for students. We wanted to start an initiative with emphasis on students,\" said a founding member who had completed his PU then.Many prominent city colleges have small groups on campus which intend no social activism but largely support each other.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14620803", "title": "Tobacco products consume 1/3 of monthly income: Survey", "text": "LUCKNOW: Spending money to cater to one's own passion is nothing new, but when it comes to tobacco products, such passion might prove to be detrimental in the long run. Sample this: A recent survey titled Global Adult Tobacco Survey has revealed that on an average a person spends nearly 1/3th of his monthly income on tobacco products. In other words, if a person is earning Rs 1,500 per month, then he is spending around Rs 500 on cigarettes. Similarly about Rs 75 is consumed on bidi. \"Interestingly, the proportion of income spent on tobacco consumption is much higher in the lower income group. Out of daily income of Rs 100, he spends around Rs 35 on it,\" said Bobby Ramakant, a social activist. He added that by giving priority to tobacco, the person eliminates his family from basic needs.A survey done by the Union ministry of health and family welfare states that at least 49% men and 17% women use tobacco in some form or the other in Uttar Pradesh. World Health Organization (WHO) data show that UP ranks 5th all over India in the consumption of tobacco. Also, every third patient suffering from mouth cancer in India comes from UP. According to the Union health ministry estimates almost 4.5 crore people in the state consume tobacco. Every third person consuming tobacco can be a victim of cancer, heart attack and other fatal lung-related diseases.To make the world tobacco-free, WHO earlier introduced MPOWER package of six proven strategy. They are Monitor tobacco use and prevention policies, Protect people from tobacco use, Offer help to quit tobacco use by Warning about the dangers of tobacco, Enforce bans on tobacco advertising, promotion and sponsorship and Raise taxes on tobacco. The UP government has imposed 50% tax on cigarette and gutkha from July 1.Ankit Pandey, who is a chain-smoker and account manager in a private firm said that he is addicted to smoking and will certainly not quit. The tax imposed is less to drill a bigger hole in his pocket. Similarly Manmeet Singh Dang, a non-smoker said, \"Now days people link smoking to glamour and lifestyle. Almost 50-60% youngsters acquire this habit thinking it to be 'cool'. I do not think increasing the tax on it will make any difference. People who smoke will continue smoking no matter what.\"Shobha Shukla, a health activist said, \"Ideally the government should completely stop the production of tobacco in the state. Increasing tax will not help as its easy availability will lure the youth towards it.\" Dr DR Singh, consultant cardiology suggested that it should be banned in UP just like it is in Madhya Pradesh, Kerala and Bihar. He added that the cases of cancer and heart ailments caused due to tobacco consumption are now found in the age group of 25-30 years, which earlier was reported in above 50 age category.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14623431", "title": "Full stop: 239 auto drivers get RTO rap in a week", "text": "NASHIK: With motorists in general and autorickshaw drivers in particular defying traffic rules, the city traffic police and the RTO have launched a fresh offensive and revived their drive against errant drivers. Autorickshaw drivers have been hit badly by the joint drive undertaken from June 21. Within a week, 264 motorists have been booked for violating norms. These offenders comprise 239 autorickshaw drivers, 18 taxi drivers and seven motorcycle drivers.RTO officials said the drive has been implemented in various parts of the city but has focused on Gangapur Road, College Road, Shalimar, CBS , Nashik Road and Bhagur, up till now. The permits of drivers found operating autos without a functional meter are suspended for seven days, those of auto drivers with excess passengers are suspended for seven days and those running autos with a passenger sitting in front are suspended for 15 days.Autos belonging to drivers whose permits have been suspended are detained by the RTO and kept at the nearest police stations. Officials at the RTO said merely suspending the permits and releasing the autos would mean that the concerned autos drivers or owners would continue with business as usual and the entire purpose of the drive would be nullified. Hence, it has been decided that the vehicles be detained as long as the permits remain suspended.Officials at the Nashik RTO said that since April 23, auto drivers have been provided with revised tariff charts in view of rising petrol prices. However, the RTO had only put two conditions of operating autos by meter and no excess or front passengers. The officials added that auto drivers in the city have always been reluctant to ply by meter and further they even continue to take passengers on the front seats despite traffic cops continuously challaning them for the offence.Apart from this, auto unions and RTO officials conducted meetings with auto drivers at CBS, Shalimar and Nashik Road to convince them about how fare by meter was beneficial to them and passengers.RTO officials said that nothing has worked to convince auto drivers to ply by meter or prevent them from taking excess and front seats. Hence, joint action has been initiated.The outcome of this has been that from the past few days, there is a stream of auto drivers and owners at the Nashik RTO to request officials there to release their rickshaws. At the same time, they have also been asking the officials to bring down the amount of fine slapped on them.An auto rickshaw driver on condition of anonymity said, \"In view of the rising petrol prices, it is impossible to ply as per meter. Thus we are covering up the expense by taking additional passengers. We have no issues even if the RTO fines us but detaining the rickshaw for as many 15 days is like robbing us of our daily meal.\"Another claimed that by detaining his rickshaw the RTO has cost his children their education as he is not able to purchase notebooks for his kids.While the stream of rickshaw drivers and union leaders is constant at the RTO office, officials however contend that showing compassion to one or two would mean injustice to others and the entire purpose of the joint drive with the police would be nullified.When RTO officials were asked how many vehicles were found operating without permits, they said that they would come to know only after the end of the drive, when they will check how many drivers have not come with their documents to take their vehicles back.Deputy regional transport officer Jayant Patil said, \"We will stop the drive as soon as we see that the practice of passengers in the front seats of autos, which has given a bad name to Nashik, is stopped. We also appeal to union leaders of the auto and taxi drivers and owners to educate their members about the dangers of driving with a passenger in the front seat. By letting people sit there, auto drivers are not only giving the city a bad name but endangering their own lives and those of the passengers.Bhagwan Pathak, member of the shramik rickshaw taxi chalak malak sena, said, \"Auto drivers and owners are facing injustice at the hands of RTO officials and the city police. False cases are being registered against them drivers by these departments. Even if an autorickshaw driver is sitting at a stand, he is called to the traffic department and his vehicle is seized for no good reason. This is injustice and we strongly protest it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14638041", "title": "Kapil Nirmal approached for Shashi-Sumeet Mittal\u2019s next", "text": "Shashi-Sumeet Mittal productions' is on a high these days as two out of their four shows, 'Diya Aur Baati Hum' and 'Punar Vivah' are already ruling the roost on popular GEC's.And now the production house is planning to launch their fifth show on Sony TV. The story of the show will revolve around a popular Radio Jockey who has a huge fan following but is not good looking. The story takes an interesting turn when he falls in love with a beautiful girl. TOI was the first to break the news about Shashi-Sumeet Mittal's upcoming show on Sony TV which is an adaptation of the famous fairy tale Beauty and the Beast. We also reported that the gorgeous Sargun Mehta has been roped in to play the female lead on the show.The latest news is that Kapil Nirmal, who is currently seen as Surya in 'Na Aana Is Des Laado' , has been approached to play the male lead on the show. The pilot is expected to be shot next week. When contacted, Kapil Nirmal said, \"I would not like to comment on this.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "14622940", "title": "High Court to decide on KU registrar on July 11", "text": "Dharwad: Whether S B Hinchigeri will continue as the registrar of the Karnatak University will be decided on July 11 when the high court circuit bench in Dharwad delivers its final order in the case.Justice Rammohan Reddy on Monday heard the arguments by both the sides and posted the case for final order on July 11. S A Patil, who had been appointed as the registrar in place of Hinchigeri on May 31 this year only to be sent back to his department in the evening following a government order continuing Hinchigeri as registrar had challenged the government order in the high court.The under-secretary to the department of higher education had on May 31, 2012, issued an order appointing S A Patil of department of chemistry as the registrar in place of Hinchigeri who had held the post since the last two years. Based on this VC H B Walikar had issued an order asking Patil to take charge as registrar immediately. Within an hour of Patil taking over, the varsity had received another communication from the government stating that Hinchigeri will continue as the registrar and Patil should not take charge.Patil who vacated the seat challenged the government order in the court of law.Advocate Subrahmanya Jois argued on behalf of S A Patil while senior advocate Kasturi and additional advocate general Nataraj represented Hinchigeri and the state government respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "los angeles", "code": "14624961", "title": "Scientology to blame for Tom-Kat divorce?", "text": "LOS ANGELES: Katie Holmes reportedly ended her marriage to Hollywood superstar Tom Cruise because she feared that he will send their six-year-old daughter Suri to a hardcore Scientology school.The cult is being cited as the reason behind the meltdown of the Cruise-Holmes marriage of five years.Holmes was convinced that the 49-year-old actor would send Suri away to the Scientology organization known as Sea Organization, reported TMZ online.Sea Org, as it is known, is where the highest levels of Scientology are taught and kids as young as five can be sent to live there without their parents and our sources say Tom is a big fan.\"Katie and Tom had been arguing over Suri's indoctrination into Scientology and the Sea Org was the flashpoint ,\" a source close to Holmes told the website.The Sea Org has been often compared to a boot camp and several ex-Scientologists, including Oscar winner Paul Haggis , have been outspoken against its militarylike conditions.Holmes herself has firsthand knowledge of the Sea Org. When she and Cruise first hooked up in 2005, Jessica Feshbach, a prominent Scientologist, who had been with the Sea Org since 1994, was transferred and became the actress's assistant.\"In the end Katie felt the only way to save Suri from Sea Org was to file for divorce and seek sole legal custody,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14620456", "title": "Absconding AMRI directors get anticipatory bail", "text": "KOLKATA: Aditya Bardhan Agarwal and Rahul Todi, directors of AMRI Hospitals who are absconding since December 9, were granted anticipatory bail by Calcutta high court on Monday. The division bench headed by Justice Ashim Kumar Roy granted them the bail.Earlier, another director Priti Sureka, who was also absconding, obtained anticipatory bail and then surrendered before the magistrate. Altogether, 16 AMRI directors were arrested while three absconded. Police moved court for arrest warrants and attachment of properties of the three absconding directors. The arrested directors spent varying stints behind the bars but eventually all of them obtained bail. Barring MD Moni Chhetri, the state opposed bail for all other accused. Hearing another case, the same division bench rejected a bail petition moved by Ashok Guria, who was arrested along with former CPM MP Lakshman Seth and Amiya Sahu in the Nandigram case. tnnNames of all three figured in a CBI chargesheet but they absconded till their arrest from a Mumbai guest house on March 16. The High Court earlier rejected bail petitions moved by Seth and Sahu. Another petition filed by Seth is pending before the high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14626230", "title": "Just 170 of 470 Nagpur buses actually plying", "text": "NAGPUR: We knew the city bus service was collapsing. Just how bad the situation is could be known from the data available with Nagpur Mahanagar Parivahan Limited (NMPL), the NMC subsidiary set up for running urban transport in city. Private operator Vansh Nimay is running the service with just 170 of the total fleet of 470 buses it has. The rest 300 buses are idle as Vansh has neglected their maintenance citing one reason or another.As many as 109 buses are off the road just for want of tyres. NMPL's staffers collect the data of city bus service every day. According to these reports, the city bus service has been running with just 170 buses from April to June. A senior NMC official said the operator was running around 300-320 buses till December 2011. \"NMC, in December 2010, had formed a 13-member committee following allegations of Rs 40 crore scam by then corporator Raman Paigwar. Then senior corporator and present mayor Anil Sole was the chairman of the committee and it recommended scrapping of contract with VNIL and replacing it with new one in December 2011. Since then, the operator systematically started reducing the of buses on the roads. It reduced to 170 by March end,\" he said.The citizens, social organizations and corporators from opposition group had long complained of lack of buses on the road and their poor maintenance. The buses could be seen overcrowded and passengers in huge numbers waiting for buses. Besides, the citizens and corporators used to complain about only limited number of routes being operated. Still, the office bearers and operator maintained that around 300-320 buses were on the roads. Now the data has revealed it to be a lie.Clearly, the operator, in collusion with NMPL officials and NMC office bearers, violated the norms of Central government's JNNURM that makes it mandatory that over 90% of total fleet should be operational all the time. Now, Vansh Nimay had appointed Urban Mass Transit Company (UMTC) for operation and maintenance of service for six months. The UMTC began by procuring around 1,000 new tyres and other spare parts to get the more buses on roads.The UMTC has been roped in to improve services following enquiry and strictures from the Central government. The enquiry is the outcome of complaints lodged by MP Vilas Muttemwar . Leader of opposition group Vikas Thakre told TOI that the introduction of UMTC was proof of the failure of Vansh Nimay. \"We demanded the Centre's intervention and it is showing results. Action should be taken against officials and office bearers responsible who allowed so many concessions to the operator, he said.Meanwhile, Sole, reacting to a question about introduction of UMTC, said any effort to improve services was a welcome move. \"I recommended ouster of operator as it was not providing proper service. I have no problem in its continuing if it improves the service. The ultimate aim was to have better bus service,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14621762", "title": "ASI's voice sample sent to Central Forensic Science Laboratory", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The CBI has taken the voice samples of ASI Desh Raj, who has obtained anticipatory bail in a bribery case, and sent these to CFSL, Sector 36, for getting it matched with the recorded conversation of the cop.The samples were taken recently and result is scheduled to be out within a month. The cop, Desh Raj was booked when CBI arrested head constable Vajinder Singh for accepting a bribe of Rs 3,000 from a proclaimed offender in Sector 46 on February 25. CBI sources said ASI Desh Raj had managed to escape from the spot, but recording of Vajinder's cellphone revealed that he was accepting money on behalf of Desh Raj.Subsequently, Desh Raj moved the district courts, Sector 17, seeking anticipatory bail saying that he will be joined the CBI investigation shortly. Sources said apart from the voice samples of Desh Raj, recorded conversation between Desh Raj and accused Vajinder was also sent to CFSL-36 for the analysis.Desh Raj has retired from the police department and he had arrested over 400 proclaimed offenders (POs) during his 25 years career with Chandigarh Police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14621808", "title": "M Karunanidhi, S Ramadoss condemn misuse of Anna Library", "text": "CHENNAI: DMK chief M Karunanidhi and PMK founder S Ramadoss have criticized the state government for permitting a wedding reception to be held in the Anna Centenary Library Auditorium.Reacting to the Madras high court order restraining the government from giving the premises for such use, Karunanidhi said, \"The judges know the importance of the library and have issued a stay order. It reflects the opinion of crores of people.\" He also alleged that the library was left uncared-for deliberately to encourage its misuse. \"The court's intervention is a welcome relief,\" he told reporters.Ramadoss, in a statement, condemned the use of library premises for weddings and also called upon the government to roll back its decision to convert it into a children's hospital. \"The state government's decision to permit the library auditorium for conducting wedding amounts to contempt of court. While government-owned premises like Rajaji Hall and Madras University Centenary Hall have been protected with reverence, the library hall alone is being deliberately misused owing to political vendetta,\" Ramadoss said.Meanwhile, some regular visitors to Anna Centenary Library have re-started their campaign to save the library. The nine-floor library said to be Asia's largest and functioning library, including a children's section spread over 15,000 sq ft. The security personnel at the library did not allow anyone to visit the auditorium on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14619720", "title": "Trees that obstruct traffic to be felled", "text": "GURGAON: In a meeting held with the forest department on Monday, the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) has decided to uproot all the trees that obstruct free flow of traffic on arterial roads.According to MCG officials, some of the roads on which the trees are found in the middle are Jharsa Road and Sukhrali Road.\"We have identified several roads on which we have found the location of the trees is such that they hamper the flow of traffic and could also be the cause of accidents. We have submitted the list of roads to the district forest officer and his department will decide on the future course of action \u2014 whether to cut these trees or to relocate them. We believe in taking preventive action and we don't want to wait for any untoward incident to happen before we remove these trees,\" said an MCG official.Forest department officials say that they will try to save as many trees as they can. \"The green cover in the city is not much and we will try to relocate as many trees as we can. Our effort will be to try out other methods like widening the road instead of having to uproot them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "new delhikolkata", "code": "14621926", "title": "Reject Pranab\u2019s presidential nomination: Sangma", "text": "NEW DELHIKOLKATA: The PA Sangma camp sprang a surprise on the UPA by alleging that the ruling coalition's presidential nominee Pranab Mukherjee's papers be rejected as he continues to be chairman of the Indian Statistical Institute (ISI).After initially being caught unawares, the government rebutted the claim with parliamentary affairs minister Pawan Bansal said the charge was \"factually incorrect and legally inconceivable and untenable\". After the Sangma camp raised the issue, ISI director Bimal Roy said Mukherjee had quit on June 20. The objection to Mukherjee's nomination was raised by Sangma's counsel former BJP MP Satyapal Jain when papers were being scrutinized on Monday. Jain said the former finance minister's continuation as ISI chairman amounted to his holding an office of profit.Bansal and P Chidambaram asked for a couple of days to respond, drawing objections from the Sangma camp. It was then decided that Bansal will offer a clarification on Tuesday morning. The minister later said he was confident the papers will be found in order and objections dismissed. However, Sangma's backers do not intend to let matters rest at that, and are likely to ask for proof that the resignation was accepted before Mukherjee filed his nomination papers.UPA managers were confident that the ambush will not derail Mukherjee's candidature and their nominee remains on course to registering a significant victory in the presidential election to be held on July 19. They feel they will be able to convince the returning officer that there is no substance to the opposition claims on Mukherjee holding an office of profit. It was later claimed that the \"confusion\" was due to the ISI continuing to display Mukherjee's name as 'chairman' on its website, prompting Sangma, , to raise the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14625098", "title": "Cash-in-bag: SC judge recuses himself from hearing ex-judge's plea", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Supreme Court judge on Monday recused himself from hearing the petition filed by former Punjab and Haryana high court judge Nirmal Yadav seeking quashing of proceedings against her in the 2008 cash-in-bag ase.Justice S S Nijjar, who was heading a bench along with Ranjana Prakash Desai, opted himself out from hearing Justice Yadav's petition.Justice Nijjar, who had served as a judge in the Punjab and Haryana high court, however, did not give any reason for his recusal.The bench referred the matter to the Chief Justice of India for allocating it before an appropriate bench.Earlier, on April 13, Justice J S Khehar, who was a part of the bench headed by Justice B S Chauhan, had recused himself from hearing the matter.Justice Yadav has sought quashing of the chargesheet filed by CBI against against her on the ground that CJI S H Kapadia has no power to recommend sanction to prosecute her as it was denied by the previous CJI K G Balakrishnan.She moved the apex court challenging the Punjab and Haryana high court's order dismissing her plea contesting grant of sanction for her prosecution in the case.The President had granted prosecution sanction on March 1, 2011.The Punjab and Haryana high court was rocked by the controversy after a sum of Rs 15 lakh was delivered at the residence of Justice Nirmaljit Kaur, another judge of the high court, on August 13, 2008, following which she reported the matter to Chandigarh Police.The money, allegedly meant for Yadav, was said to have been delivered to Kaur due to confusion over their names.The high court had rejected Yadav's plea on November 14 last year saying that she cannot claim any special right merely because she had occupied the high constitutional office. pti", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14622377", "title": "Cops to learn how to handle swanky cars", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The UT police, often referred to as the 'challan' police, may be good at slapping fines to defaulters, but its cops are bad at driving, especially luxury vehicles , and often fail to drive impounded cars like BMW, Audi and Porsche to traffic police lines, Sector 29.To deal with the problem, the police has now decided to impart special training to its traffic cops to learn drive luxury cars. The decision was taken at a recently held meeting of the traffic officials chaired by SP (traffic) Maneesh Chaudhary.The city has the highest per capita vehicle ratio of two and over 200 vehicles are registered daily. The traffic police issues about 3,000 challans a month on an average and majority of challaned vehicles belong to nearby states especially Punjab, known for its luxury cars. According to sources, main problem faced at the nakas put up against anti-drunken driving is when drunk drivers are challaned. \"We can not allow them to drive despite issuing a challan,\" they say.On May 16, two youths in an Audi were intercepted at a late night anti-drunken drive naka. Three traffic cops were told to drive the seized vehicle to police lines, Sector 29, but as none of them knew how to drive an Audi, the luxury car was shifted to the police lines by a crane.According to Chaudhary, the main problem with the luxury cars is that these operate through automatic gears and their functions are different from ordinary cars.In a recent incident that left the Chandigarh police red-faced, a head constable asked the driver of an impounded BMW to drive the vehicle to the traffic lines as the cop did not knew how to drive the car. The driver escaped after throwing the head constable out of the car. The accused was later arrested.On cardsLearning to drive police vehicles is part of the basic training. Police sources say there is possibility that if the traffic police is successful in training cops to drive luxury vehicles, it could be introduced in the basis course", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14632512", "title": "Conmen active in Chandigarh, Mohali", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A gang of two conmen, which especially target people in different banks, has targeted seven persons in Chandigarh and Mohali during past five months.Despite having the CCTV footages of these two conmen, investigative agencies have failed to trace these conmen. The recent cheating of Rs 2.50 lakh was made by the gang members with a Canada returned son of a police official, Jetinder Singh, in Mohali on July 2.In this case also, Mohali police have obtained the CCTV footage of conmen but failed to trace them.A senior police official said, \"The gang used to target people after the gap of one week and one of the conmen also carry a black color bag on his shoulder and one helmet in left hand.\"Three cheating cases, out of four, which were registered with Chandigarh police, have been transferred to crime branch for speedy detection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "14623267", "title": "Nourish the entrepreneur in you", "text": "Hubli: An MBA degree will prepare you for the corporate world outside, but if your ambition is to be an entrepreneur and be your own boss, you may gain an edge by opting for a course that specializes in entrepreneurship. The KLE Society's Institute of Management Studies and Research (IMSR), Hubli, is launching a Post Graduation Programme in Entrepreneurship (PGPE), which aims at equipping students with entrepreneurial skills and helping them set up their own business.The programme is designed with the basic purpose of guiding young graduates who have the passion to become entrepreneurs but need proper guidance and mentoring to develop the skills and knowledge to achieve their dreams. It also intends to cater to the requirements of youth who belong to business families and want to manage and expand their business further.The programme will be of 18 months duration and it will be a blend of theory classes with practical insights from resourceful persons who will share their experience and give practical knowledge on how to get started and how to progress in future.Students who have finished their graduation in any combination are eligible to enroll themselves to the PG programme. Six months towards the end of the programme, college will provide basic assistance to students who wish to start their own business.IMSR director Dr P B Roodagi told the Times of India that the new programme will be launched in a week's time.It is a certified course and focuses mainly on four points: How to start small-scale industries, how to start home industries, providing training to the second generation entrepreneurs and providing training for entrepreneur managers.\"KLE's IMSR is the pioneer in introducing and offering innovative programmes and events in this part of Karnataka. We invite local entrepreneurs to share their ideas with the aspiring entrepreneurs,\" Roodagi said. Already 30 students have approached the institute regarding the course, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14619437", "title": "Lawyers refuse to pay for high court multilevel parking", "text": "NEW DELHI: Returning to work after the high court vacation, lawyers on Monday refused to pay for using the new underground parking at the court. They got into an argument with police on being directed to park either inside the court compound or in the new multilevel facility. Lawyers also resisted police's attempts to tow away cars parked outside the court perimeter. The new parking charges Rs 10 per hour.As an interim measure, the chief justice ordered police to allow parking outside the perimeter, after the HC bar association met him in the afternoon.Additional solicitor general AS Chandhiok, who is also the HC bar president, said parking space inside the court premises will now be reserved only for lawyers. \"There was confusion in the morning since the police were apparently enforcing a circular issued by the HC administration prohibiting lawyers from parking outside the court area. Advocates were asked to compulsorily park at the underground parking, which is a paid service. We have now sorted out the confusion; court staff can park at the multilevel parking since it is free for them while we work out the charges to be paid by lawyers for using this facility,\" he said.Former HCBA secretary DK Sharma also opposed parking charges, saying lawyers will not pay for a facility that was free till recently. \"Why should officers of the court pay for parking while they are on duty? If it is free for court staff, it should be the same for advocates.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "14623035", "title": "Rayagada duo arrested for stocking explosives", "text": "KORAPUT: Police arrested two persons for illegally stocking up a huge quantity of explosives in Rayagada district on Monday. The arrested duo was identified as Bishnu Charan Nayak and Linga Reddy.According to police, at least 353 electric detonators, 90 kilograms of ammonium nitrate, a compressor machine, a drilling machine and as many as 10 drilling rods were seized from the duo during a raid conducted at Gotiguda village under Bissamkatak police limits.\"We were tipped-off about the presence of explosives. The duo has been arrested for stocking the explosives without any legal license,\" said investigation officer Sukanta Nanda of Bissamkatak police station. \"During inquiry the duo revealed that they had stocked the explosives to carry out explosions at a stone quarry. However, investigation is on to find out whether the duo has any link with Maoists. Details will be known after we complete our investigation,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14623371", "title": "'We want to go to court with a foolproof case'", "text": "NASHIK: Notwithstanding the stay granted by the Bombay high court on a petition filed by a Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) corporator on the introduction of local body tax (LBT) in Nashik, the Shiv Sena has also decided to move court within a day or two with a resolve to build a foolproof case.In its order on the petition filed by MNS corporator Gulzar Kokani, a bench of high court Justices Mrudula Bhatkar and S S Bobade had on Friday stayed the state's decision to introduce LBT within the limits of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) from July 1 and had asked the state government to submit its say in the matter by July 13.Shiv Sena group leader Sudhakar Badgujar told TOI, \"We have almost completed all the paper work and are waiting for information from the sales tax department under the right to information ( RTI) Act, which we are expecting to receive by Tuesday morning. Once we get the information, we will file a petition in the high court within a day or two.\"When TOI pointed out that the MNS had already filed a petition in the high court challenging LBT, he said, \"The MNS filed a petition on the basis of very few points and it was just enough to get a stay from the high court. But, we want to make the case foolproof and win the case at any cost. We will file a petition on the basis of around 22 points and this will make the case much stronger.\"\"There is no question of credit as to who filed a petition first. Our aim is to cancel the introduction of LBT within NMC limits and continue with the existing octroi. We are confident that LBT will be cancelled and octroi will continue in Nashik,\" he added.Talking about the Sena's petition, Badgujar said, \"The revenue collected through sales tax from Nashik district is around Rs 1,100 crore, including Rs 800 crore from Nashik city. Sales tax is collected in four slabs 5% , 12%, 20% and 25%. At this rate, revenue of only Rs 299 crore will be collected through LBT within the limits of the NMC. The way the NMC administration is collecting octroi, it is expected to collect Rs 700 crore in the current financial year. The sudden introduction of LBT will affect the financial position of the NMC.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14622953", "title": "Rise in average temp", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Over the past five years, the average temperature of Chandigarh went up by one degree or even less every year. But in 2012, it has shot up by 1.7 degree celsius as compared to the previous year. The average temperature for June has also soared to 41.4 degree from 35 degree for the month in 2011. And the night temperature too has seen a rise.The Met department has fixed the normal temperature for Chandigarh at 38 degree celsius. But the current temperature trend shows the mercury had been hovering at 41 degree, three notches above normal.Spelling some relief, the department said the mercury would not rise further. The coming days will remain partly cloudy, as the city has started receiving pre-monsoon showers. \"Day temperature will fall below the 40 degree mark and is expected to remain between 39 and 40 over the week. The night temperature could be around 35 degree C. And cool breeze will blow from northwest,\" a department official said.The pre-monsoon showers and the fall in temperature have brought a smile on many a face. \"There was a cool breeze blowing early on Monday morning. It made my morning walk refreshing and pleasant,\" said Alka Gupta, a resident of Sector 35. \"There was a power cut on Sunday night. But it did not pinch much due to the rain and the breeze,\" said Meenu Mahajan, a resident of Sector 8.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "14623814", "title": "Call for Saranda growth model rerun in Porahat", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: With the Maoist-hit Saranda forest area in West Singhbhum all set to witness development, people of Porahat subdivision of the district have now demanded replication of the Saranda development model in the subdivision for effective and balanced growth of the mineral-rich district.Taking the lead in raising the demand is Manoharpur legislator Gurucharan Nayak who has urged Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh to consider replicating Saranda Action Plan in Porahat subdivision.\"Several blocks in the Porahat subdivision are Maoist-affected. Therefore, for effective and balanced growth of the entire district equal attention should be made to the under development Porahat subdivision,\" said Nayak following his interaction with the Union minister in Manoharpur on Sunday.Barring Chakradharpur block which is relatively developed and Manoharpur block which is part of the special development package of the Union government to check the menace of Left wing extremism through development, the remaining blocks in Porahat subdivision acutely lack development. Goelkera, Gudri, Anandpur, Bandhgaon and Sonuwa are the other blocks under Porahat subdivision.\"If you talk of government schools, public health centres, roads, communication etc the situation is by and large same in the entire (Porahat) subdivision,\" said a Unicef official who visited the district till few months ago.\"Saranda being a Maoist den, a special development package of around Rs150 crore is a welcome step but the government being a custodian of the society needs to act in a rational manner,\" said Chaibasa-based social worker Mukesh Birua. Birua, also the convener of the Akhil Bharatiya Adivasi Mahasabha, said, \"The government should make sure the people of other blocks of Porahat subdivision don't develop the sense of alienation owing to special attention to one particular area.\" When action plan for the development of Saranda was being envisaged by the state and the Centre there were some voices calling for equal attention on the Porahat subdivision, also.\"It is immature to talk of carrying out development projects in the entire district at one go which has remained neglected for decades and is still in the grip of rebels. Phase-wise development is only a logical way out,\" said a senior bureaucrat of the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14621567", "title": "More women home guards on the beat across Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: Women are queuing up to join the Tamil Nadu Home Guards. The organization now has 25 full-time women members in the city, who patrol Avadi and Ambattur with the vigilance and lack of fear that characterizes the best police officers.The city has a total of 97 women home guards, including those of various professions who serve in the organization part-time, and 10 more are in training at home guard centres in St Thomas Mount and Avadi. Home guards is a voluntary citizens organization for local defence.Nirmala B, a mother of two who has been a home guard for the past 10 years, says more women are now interested in joining the organization.Home guards earlier joined the organization to serve society and did not bother much about how much they were being paid, Nirmala says. \"With the cost of living shooting through the roof, members now obviously look to be adequately compensated,\" she says. \"Things have changed since 2003, when we were paid only 36 per day. I now get 200 for a night shift.\"Nirmala joined the organization before she got married because she dreamed of joining the police but could not make the cut. \"As a home guard, I have the full support of my husband and family,\" she says.Women home guards narrate interesting anecdotes about nabbing criminals while on night beat and one woman home guard even rescued a person who was drowning after immersing a Ganesha idol in a lake. \"We are not scared. We are passionate about the job,\" Nirmala says.Sanjay Bhansali, area commander, Chennai North, Tamil Nadu Home Guards, says 600 home guards were deployed across the city recently. \"We received a record 800 applications this year,\" he says. The state government recently hiked pay for home guards from 50 to 150 daily for day duty and from 60 to 200 for a night shift.\"A lot of working people from various firms and government organizations are coming into the fold,\" Bhansali says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14619285", "title": "HC notice on kos minar condition", "text": "JAIPUR: A division bench of Rajasthan high court has issued show cause notices to the state authorities over encroachments and alleged mismanagement of \"kos minars\" built during the regime of emperor Akbar.The order came on a petition filed by one Mohd Aslam Khan. In his PIL, Khan stated that the state authrorities, including the ASI have failed to curb illegal encroachments at the hitorical structures. In his PIL, Khan said the kos minar situated at Moti Doongri Road at Shiv colony near Sanganer Gate is in a shambles.\"At some places, portions of land under the kos minar have been encroached and the state authorities have turned a blind eye. The PIL also says there are two kos minars on Agara Road and both are in a bad shape. One such kos minar situated in a plot near Gopalpura bypass where a temple has been constructed and the original form of the minar has been defaced,\" said Ram Kapil Sharma advoate for petitioner Khan.The court was also told that some of the kos minars have been reduced to ruins especially the ones in Jaipur City. Taking note of fact that the kos minars have a historical significance for Rajasthan, the court has asked the chief secretary, director archeology, Jaipur collector, the mayor, and the secretay local self bodies to file their responses to the PIL within a fortnight.Jaipur: A division bench of Rajasthan high court has issued show cause notices to the state authorities over encroachments and alleged mismanagement of \"kos minars\" built during the regime of emperor Akbar.The order came on a petition filed by one Mohd Aslam Khan. In his PIL, Khan stated that the state authrorities, including the ASI have failed to curb illegal encroachments at the hitorical structures. In his PIL, Khan said the kos minar situated at Moti Doongri Road at Shiv colony near Sanganer Gate is in a shambles.\"At some places, portions of land under the kos minar have been encroached and the state authorities have turned a blind eye. The PIL also says there are two kos minars on Agara Road and both are in a bad shape. One such kos minar situated in a plot near Gopalpura bypass where a temple has been constructed and the original form of the minar has been defaced,\" said Ram Kapil Sharma advoate for petitioner Khan.The court was also told that some of the kos minars have been reduced to ruins especially the ones in Jaipur City. Taking note of fact that the kos minars have a historical significance for Rajasthan, the court has asked the chief secretary, director archeology, Jaipur collector, the mayor, and the secretay local self bodies to file their responses to the PIL within a fortnight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14625180", "title": "Cabinet decision on homeo college yet to be implemented", "text": "Thiruvananthapuram: Doctors and non-teaching staff of Shree Vidyadiraja Homoeopathic Medical College have alleged that certain vested interests were conspiring to scuttle the government decision to give them salaries. The college staff has not been receiving salary since 2002.The cabinet had taken the decision to give the college staff, including doctors, their salaries based on the structure prevailing in the aided sector. It had also been decided to fix the staff pattern in the college based on the homoeopathic council. \"Though a decision has been taken to sanction the doctors' salaries, the salaries of the non-teaching staff is yet to be cleared citing few technical glitches,\" said Dr P V Suresh Kumar and Dr M Krishna Kumar of the college.TOI had reported that 47 doctors and 48 non-teaching staff of this medical college had been running from pillar to post for the past one decade for getting their salaries. They are being denied salary because the staff pattern is yet to be fixed. Following the report, the cabinet decided to fix the staff pattern without any delay and sanction the salaries.\"But after the cabinet decision, only the issues pertaining to the doctors have been resolved. The bureaucratic hurdle is delaying the decision on the non-teaching staff,\" the two doctors said. The non-teaching staff is yet to get the recognition certificates. There has been propaganda against the college that here there are more non-teaching staff than required. It is totally baseless, the staff said on Monday.The cabinet had taken the decision to give the college staff, including doctors, their salaries based on the structure prevailing in the aided sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14618880", "title": "CBI may chargesheet Chavan in Adarsh case", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI will take a final view on Ashok Chavan's culpability in the Adarsh housing scam amid indications that the former Maharashtra CM may be chargesheeted in the case. Chavan is named in the CBI FIR, registered about 18 months ago, and he was also questioned by the agency.The chargesheet is likely to be filed on Wednesday, a day before the case comes up before Bombay high court which is hearing a bunch of public interest litigations seeking the court's supervision of the probe. The agency had assured the court that it would file a chargesheet before July 4.Chavan is among the 14 accused in the case in which Union ministers Vilasrao Deshmukh and Sushilkumar Shinde are also under the scanner. The CBI has already arrested nine of the 14 accused after receiving a rap on its knuckles from the HC for not initiating action against the accused persons. Those arrested include secretary of Adarsh society R C Thakur, retired brigadier M M Wanchoo, former Congress MLC Kanhaiyalal Gidwani, former deputy secretary of urban development department P V Deshmukh, IAS officers Ramanand Tiwari and Jairaj Phatak, retired major generals A R Kumar and T K Kaul and former city collector Pradeep Vyas.Chavan had dealt with the proposal for construction of the Adarsh tower. But in their affidavits before the judicial commission set up by the state to probe the scam, Chavan, Shinde and Deshmukh denied any role in the allotment of land and construction of the tower, saying they had merely sanctioned the proposal submitted by bureaucrats of the departments concerned.The CBI has claimed that when Chavan was revenue minister in 2000, he along with defence officer R C Thakur and MLC Gidwani became a member of the criminal conspiracy and proposed to include civilians as members of the society. \"He wanted to make his relatives members of the society meant for defence officers,\" CBI officials said. As CM in July 2009, Chavan granted 15% recreation ground to the society, something that wasn't allowed by the government earlier, the agency said, adding that in return, he got membership in the society for his relatives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "14621361", "title": "Following Bhagat Singh heart &amp; soul", "text": "PANCHKULA: He not just dons the look of freedom fighter Bhagat Singh, but also follows his ideals heart and soul.A Bhagat Singh look-alike, Jagdish Bhagat Singh, a resident of Sector 21, took a shine to the freedom fighter when he was in Class VI. \"My grandmother would often tell me stories about the legend. Through these tales, I had formed his image in my mind, the image of a brave man who feared none. And the turning point came when on my way to a college in Kaithal, I saw his statue. That day, I decided to follow in his footsteps every inch.\"Jagdish then donned the martyr's look. And today, with his name, looks and his greeting message 'Jai Hind', he tries to keep the legend and his ideals alive. \"I have even constructed a temple dedicated to him near my house,\" he said.To spread the freedom fighter's message far and wide, he has even created a website on him. \"The website has thousands of followers,\" he smiled.He also claims to be the first one in Tricity to have a coin with Bhagat Singh's picture engraved on it. The central government had decided to come out with the coins in February.\"The coin has not yet been introduced in Tricity. I got it a few days ago,\" he added.With freedom fighters his icons, he has visited the native places of Chandra Shekhar Azad, Kartar Singh Sarabha, Udham Singh and Sukhdev Thapar many a time, besides Bhagat Singh's.A Uttar Haryana Bijli Vidyut Nigam, Panchkula, employee, Jagdish does not mind pedaling his way to office appareled like his hero.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14625653", "title": "Bandu Dhotre's fast for tigers evokes huge response", "text": "NAGPUR: Wildlife activist Bandu Dhotre launched an indefinite fast from Monday to try and jump start tiger conservation activities by the state. Dhotre's fast started at 11am in front of PWD Sankul, Civil Lines, to demand protection of tigers in the state, and Chandrapur in particular.His effort got support from many people, including a group of school students, who painted a huge picture of a helmet over tigers with forest in the background to depict 'helmet is lifeguard for riders, so is forest for tigers'.Dhotre, founder of Eco-Pro, an ecological protection NGO from Chandrapur, may be perhaps the only person to launch an indefinite fast for tigers. The fast got huge support from volunteers and conservationists from the city, including students from Hadas High School, Prahar Military School and RS Mundle High School. The stir is being supported by Nagpur Environment Protection Group (NEPG) and other NGOs.Before the fast, a delegation led by Shyam Pandharipande, Swanand Soni, Vilas Kale, Arjun Dhanwatey, Anuradha Paul, Nitin Jatkar, Neeraj Khandewale, Arvind Giri, Sanjay Karkare and others submitted a list of demands to PCCF (wildlife) SWH Naqvi.Two rounds of talks between Dhotre and wildlife wing officials had failed last month, leading to the fast. Naqvi told the delegation that the demands have already been forwarded to the state government.Congress MP from Nagpur Vilas Muttemwar , who is fighting to get legal status to Nagpur as 'World Tiger Capital', visited Dhotre at 2.30pm and appealed to him to call off the fast. BJP MLA from South-West Nagpur Devendra Fadnavis also called upon Dhotre in the evening.Talking to newsmen, Muttemwar agreed that Dhotre's demands to save tigers were genuine, but said it will take time to meet them as files move slowly in government departments. \"When it comes to Vidarbha, the delay is more,\" he lamented.He tried to convince Dhotre by saying the method of resorting to fast to fulfil demands has become outdated. \"It's a long battle which will have to be continued. It is not only Bandu's fight, but all of us should support him,\" said Muttemwar. \"Tigers are not an issue with most people and hence both, state and central government, are not concerned about tigers in Vidarbha,\" he said.He suggested the forest minister should be from Vidarbha as most of the forest is here. Muttemwar also took pot shots at forest minister Patangrao Kadam for showing lack of interest in the ministry. Even after spurt in poaching in Chandrapur district, Kadam has never bothered to visit the area. He came only after Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) chief Raj Thackeray planned a visit to Chandrapur.Citing the tiger death on Saturday in Junona, Muttemwar said the tiger died in a territorial fight, which means tigers are crying for space. \"The government needs to act fast and relocate villages to create space,\" he added.The MP declared wholehearted support to Dhotre, saying the demands raised by him have already been raised with chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and minister for environment and forests Jayanthi Natarajan.However, on the ground tiger protection remains grim. Muttemwar also spoke to principal secretary (forests) Praveen Pardeshi, who told him that most of the demands can be met but it will take time to legalize them.Fadnavis too has promised to raise the issue in the monsoon session of the assembly.Dhotre apprised Muttemwar and Fadnavis about the need to take over rich forest areas presently under the Forest Development Corporation of Maharashtra (FDCM). \"The FDCM is into felling of timber. Wildlife management practices are zero in FDCM areas, causing problems,\" said Dhotre.Dhotre's Wish List* Merge FDCM areas in Chandrapur district along with staff into Chandrapur forest division, and convert it into a wildlife circle* Set up 'Electronics Eye' project in TATR on the lines of Jim Corbett to nail poachers* Withdraw fire protection work in tiger reserve from FDCM and keep it under field director* Declare Chandrapur as tiger district* Set up quick response teams (QRTs) and rescue centre at Chandrapur* Create wildlife intelligence department with secret funds* Restrict resorts around TATR that are blocking tiger corridors* Reorganize area of beats and create new posts* Set up forensic lab in Nagpur for wildlife investigations", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "14622811", "title": "Farmers oppose land reforms bill", "text": "Dharwad: The Karnataka Prantha Raitha Sangha (KPRS) has vehemently opposed the new land reforms bill proposed by the state government.KPRS president Maruti Manpade told reporters here on Monday that the government is trying to expand the definition of the term 'farmer' in the new bill.\"All efforts are being made to include owners of agri-based industries, corporate sector involved in food processing, distilleries and the like in purview of the term 'farmer' through an amendment to the bill,\" he alleged.The existing land reforms Act was implemented when Devaraj Urs was the chief minister. Those who cultivate the land were termed as farmers. The Act also mentions that only those willing to practice agriculture can purchase land from the farmers and industries were not allowed to purchase land for agriculture purpose.Manpade said the present BJP government is bringing in reforms which will allow the corporate bodies to directly purchase land from farmers for non-agriculture activities.\"Instead of development of agriculture in state, the government is marching ahead with development of agri-business\" he said and added that this new bill will prove detrimental to the farmers as they will eventually be rendered landless.The other major section in the bill is the government is mooting contract farming. The farmers who sell their land to MNCs will be forced to work on their fields as labourers and the companies will make a large share of profit out of this.The KPRS and other organizations will hold a state-level mega convention in Bangalore on July 7.Leader of the opposition in West Bengal Assembly Suryakanth Mishra will inaugurate the meet.Jail Bharo movementThe meet will pass a resolution demanding that the government withdraw the new bill which the government is aiming to pass in the Assembly sessions scheduled for July 16, he added. If the government fails to withdraw the proposed bill, the farmers' organizations led by KPRS would launch 'Jail Bharo', he warned. He said, the government, instead of acquiring large quantum of land for industries, should form a commission which would study the demand of the industries and allot only required land holdings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14635292", "title": "Raza Murad to intensify his \u2018Free Sarabjit\u2019 campaign", "text": "The seesaw game that's being played by the Pakistani government over the future of the Indian prisoner Sarabjit Singh has prompted actor and activist Raza Murad to intensify his campaign to get Sarabjit freed.Apparently Sarabjit's family has been counting on the actor for Sarabjit's release. Says Raza, \"And now after being informed that Sarabjit is finally being freed we are told that the Pakistani government made a mistake. Kuch to reham karo Sarabjit ke parivar par. What are they doing to his mother, wife and children by killing them bit by bit with this seesaw of hope and despair?\"Raza has so far collected a mind blowing 13,8226 signatures to support Sarabjit's release. And now the 'Free Sarabjit' campaign intensifies. Raza plans to travel to Pakistan with Sarabjit's family to put in a personal request.Says the actor passionately, \"We're making a humanitarian appeal, not a political or legal appeal. Irrespective of Sarabjit's guilt the man has suffered immensely. Let him go, for God's sake. I started my campaign from the Ajmer Sharif dargah . I've managed to collect 13,8226 signatures. We've sent a memorandum to the Pakistan high commission requesting them to release Sarabjit on 14 August (Pakistan's independence day). We've sent messages to the Pakistani President for Sarabjit's clemency. And just when we thought we had succeeded we're told it's an error. Is this a joke? Our fight for the man's freedom will now intensify.\"Continues Raza Murad, \"Our struggle continues. How can they say it was an error in the name ?We're nobody to challenge the verdict of the honorable Pakistani courts. All I am saying is, show some compassion. So many times I've been asked to lead protest marches against Sarabjit's imprisonment. I say, no. We want to request, not protest. We're not questioning the Pakistani government's decision. Even if Sarabjit has done what he is accused of he has already been punished. He and his family are dying bit by bit every day. Why kill him in this slow and painful way?\"Raza thinks Pakistan needs to reciprocate our gestures of goodwill. \"We released a doctor from across the border in Ajmer. We treat patients with life-threatening diseases from Pakistan . We've released thousands of POWs including war criminals. In spite of us being the Big Brother we've repeatedly been the first to extend a hand of friendship. Can't they show some compassion for Sarabjit? He has submitted a mercy petition five times. How much will you torture this man? What else do you want?\"Raza Murad reveals that originally they were in search of another man altogether when the Pakistani authorities nabbed Sarabjit. \"Actually they were in search of someone called Manjit Singh. I've written a couplet to describe Sarabjit's poignant predicament. Hai gham ki usska wahan koi meet nahin hai/Yeh sabki ghuzarish hai koi geet nahin hai/Ghalati se jisko aapne rakhaa hai pakadke/Woh shaqs Sarabjit Manjit nahin hai.' To this we can add that he isn't Shujit either. If the need of the hour is to develop a friendly relationship between the two nations then let's not squander away a chance for the Pakistanis for a goodwill gesture.\"Raza Murad is constantly in touch with Sarabjit's family. \"I am in constantly in touch with the family, and also with Pakistan human and civil right activist Ansar Burney who is doing his best to get Sarabjit released. Sarabjit's family visits me regularly at my residence in Mumbai. I've assured them, my struggle to get Sarabjit released will continue.\"Raza adds tongue-in-cheek that he has no political motive behind his efforts. \"I clarify this in the light of the fact that our politicians have started making their rotis in Sarabjit's name. My fight is not political. It's purely humanitarian.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14621121", "title": "No winners for coconut-plucking machine contest", "text": "KOCHI: Finding a safe and effective machine to pluck coconuts is a tall order, the industries department has found after inspecting 140 prototypes.The department, which offered Rs 10 lakh prize money to anyone designing the coconut-plucking machine, has now sought the government's permission to withdraw the offer.The decision to withdraw the offer came after holding competitions twice -- in February and October last year.\"The department gave us a few prototypes, but none of them were foolproof. One of the participants from Mumbai showcased a robot for plucking coconut,'' said T K Jose, chairman, Coconut Development Board. \"While testing, the robot shook the tree and took a lot of effort to get some coconuts. So, we found it impractical.''As many as 140 'inventions' from various parts of the country had participated in the contests. 'None of the machines showcased in the first round were up to the standard. But the monitoring committee found a few of them could be used with some improvements. So, the committee recommended that a second chance should be given to them,'' a top official with the department said.The second round, too, was disappointing. \"While devising the competition, what we hoping to find a machine which even women can operate using a remote control,'' he said, adding that the monitoring committee decided to call off the competition after the second round.Kerala has around 18 crore coconut trees, which have to be harvested every 45 days. The state needs as many as 40,000 climbers, but only less than 10,000 are available.The industries department has decided to abort its ambitious plan to find a secure and effective way toEven the sheen of a handsome purse by the industries department seems to have failed in storming the brains. Industries department in the state has decided to scrap its enthusiastic project to give a cash prize of Rs 10 lakh to anyone who comes up with the design of an automated machine to pluck coconut with utmost accuracy and safety.Almost a year after launching a competition, the officials have written to the state government seeking permission to wind up the project. The department conducted competitions twice- in February and October last year. ''The department had given us a few prototypes, but none of them were foolproof. One of the participants from Mumbai had introduced a robot for plucking coconut,'' said T K Jose, chairman, Coconut Development Board (CDB). ''The test drive of the machine was held by plucking nuts from a coconut tree on the premises in Kochi. But the robot shook the tree and took a lot of effort to get some coconuts. So, we found it impractical,'' he said.A total of 140 persons from various parts of the country had participated in the contest. 'None of the machines introduced by the participants in the first round were up to the standard. But the monitoring committee found that a few of them could be used with some improvements. So, the committee recommended that a second chance should be given to them,'' a top official with the department said. ''But in the second round also, none of the machines was good. In total around 140 persons participated. While devising the competition, what we had in mind was a design of safe and accurate machine which can be operated by even women using a remote control,'' he said. '' The monitoring committee is learnt to have recommended not to give one more chance to the participants and scrap the programme,'' he said.Kerala has around 18 crore coconut trees which have to be harvested in every 45 days. So, there is demand of 40,000 climbers to ensure that the produce is harvested at stipulated intervals. But the number of climbers available in the state is less than 10,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14625955", "title": "Only de-addiction centre in Indore division ailing", "text": "INDORE: Staff crunch has hit the only de-addiction centre in the city. The government-run 'Ashirwad Nasha Mukti Kendra' is the only de-addiction centre in Indore division and is in dire need of male nurses, psychiatrist and medical officer. There is only one nurse at the centre to handle 15 patients with no psychiatrist. Even the medical officer serving at the centre is on ad-hoc basis.Interestingly, the 24-year-old Ashirwad Nasha Mukti Kendra (henceforth named as centre) has 100% occupancy rate of inmates. Pawan Yadav who works as a counsellor at the Ashirwad told TOI, \"We are running short of manpower; there is only one nurse, who works through the day. For night, we have to depend on non-nursing staff to handle the skilled job.\" At times the centre receives more patients that the sanctioned strength of 15. \"We have to adjust 15 beds in three rooms we have, and if there is an overflow of patients we have to adjust them in the hallway,\" he said.\"There is no post assigned for a psychiatrist whereas it is an essential for a centre like this; plus we have no separate funds to run awareness programmes,\" said Sanjay Salsankar in-charge of centre, adding that the centre has to hold four programmes in a month. The annual budget for the centre is around Rs 7.38 lakh per year. \"The budget too is insufficient and needs to increased,\" said Pawan.\"Ashirwad Nasha Mukti Kendra has been certified by the Pune-based Muktangan de-addiction centre. The whole staff here has been trained by them to overcome the problem of limited man power we also have to cross train our staff, so that the patients here don't have to suffer\" says Pawan,.Reportedly, two of the ex- patients at the centre after being successfully treated are providing their services to Ashirwad Nasha Mukti Kendra for a nominal amount of money. Pradip Bharat, a former addict works as yoga therapist, while Mahesh Tarodia is a PR educationist for the centre. Also, around 20 such patients (now recovered) volunteer at the centre.\"The building we run our centre in is not big enough as the number of patients has gone up. We have applied for a bigger building many times, but no action has been taken so far,\" says Sanjay, in-charge of the centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14618222", "title": "Aarushi-Hemraj murder case: CBI misleading court: Talwars", "text": "NEW DELHI: Dr Rajesh and Nupur Talwar on Monday filed an application against Central Bureau of Investigation in the Ghaziabad court hearing the Aarushi-Hemraj murder case. The Talwars, who are charged with murder, accused CBI of misleading the court, saying the photographs of the crime scene do not match with the negatives. Noida police photographer Chunni Lal's cross examination is on, and he will face questions in court on Tuesday.The defence counsel said the negatives and the photographs that were developed could not be matched. \"In the last court hearing, the CBI got time from 3pm to 4.15pm to match the positive (developed) photographs with the negatives, but nothing was accomplished,\" a defence lawyer told the court.The lawyers said CBI and Chunni Lal were misleading the court. They claimed that four developed photographs of the crime scene have no negatives while there are also close to eight negatives that have not been shown to the court. \"We have submitted an application for all 23 photographs and their negatives to be placed on record.\"Lal had claimed that he had seen blood marks on the walls of Aarushi's room. When the defence asked him whether it was his duty to inspect the crime scene, Lal said it was not and he also did not remember what he had told the investigating officer in June 2008 and 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14619006", "title": "Repeat offender held two months after escaping from custody", "text": "MUMBAI: Over two months after repeat offender Mohammed Farid alias Farid Mavali (29) fled from judicial custody after being arrested for kidnapping and raping an 11-year-old girl, the crime branch caught up with him and nabbed him from his friend's house in Bhiwandi.Farid earned the sobriquet 'Mavali' due to his involvement in eve-teasing cases. He has been handed over to the Colaba police. Once his custody period gets over, the Colaba police will hand him over to jail authorities.Acting on a tip-off, the anti-robbery squad, led by inspector Ashok Khot and Vivek Bhosle, arrested Mavali. Police are taking legal opinion on whether they can book Mavali's friend for sheltering him. On April 18, Mavali escaped from judicial custody from sessions court where he had been taken for a hearing. He had pushed escorting constable S Sonawane before fleeing. Based on Sonawane's complaint, a case of escape was registered against him.Mavali, who is from Mahim, was arrested in April last year for allegedly kidnapping and raping the 11-year-old. \"There are cases registered against Mavali and residents of Mahim's Naya Nagar are scared of him. Mavali indulges in eve-teasing and is known to misbehave with women, \" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "14622962", "title": "SWR cancels trains temporarily", "text": "Hubli: Due to South Western Railway's nono-interlocking works at the Hubli railway station, the following trains are cancelled.Train no. 01493/01494 Hubli-Bijapur-Hubli express special, 56902/56907 Dharwad-Hubli-Dharwad passenger, 56915/56914 Chikjajur-Hubli-Chikjajur passenger, 56904/56903 Dharwad-Solapur-Hubli passenger and train no. 56906/ 56905 Hubli-Solapur-Hubli passenger will be cancelled from July 4 to July 6.Train no. 51419/51420 Miraj-Hubli-Miraj passenger are partially cancelled between Hubli and Alnavar stations, 11423/11424 Solapur-Hubli-Solapur Intercity expresses are partially cancelled between Gadag and Hubli stations, 57273/57274 Hubli-Tirupati-Hubli Passenger are partially cancelled between Hubli and Hospet stations and 17301/17302 Mysore-Dharwad-Mysore expresses are partially cancelled between Dharwad and Hubli stations from July 4 to 6.Train no.51411/51458 Bellary-Dharwad-Hubli passenger are partially cancelled between Hubli and Dharwad stations, 56273/56274 Hubli-Arsikere-Hubli passenger are partially cancelled between Hubli and Haveri stations, 56501/56502 Vijayawada-Hubli-Vijayawada passenger are partially cancelled between Hubli and Annigeri stations, 56515/56516 Bangalore-Hubli-Bangalore passenger are partially cancelled between Hubli and Kundgol stations and 56911/56912/56913/56914 Bangalore-Hubli-Bangalore passenger are partially cancelled between Hubli and Arsikere stations from July 4 to 6, the SWR said in a release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14621625", "title": "Corporation of Chennai\u2019s revenue dips after online hall booking stops", "text": "CHENNAI: The Corporation of Chennai's decision to cancel the online booking of marriage and community halls owned by it could result in a huge loss in revenue.While the corporation on Friday last stopped the online booking, blaming the lack of transparency in the allotment and said people wanting to book halls could do so in person at Ripon Buildings, sources in the corporation headquarters on Monday said this process, too, was yet to start. A senior corporation official said \"Many people have approached us but we have had to send them back as we are unaware of the availability status of the halls. No bookings are possible now.\"The corporation owns 54 community halls in the city, including in Triplicane, Alwarpet, Royapuram, Perambur, Mylapore, T Nagar, Velachery and Kotturpuram.. While private halls charge nearly 1 lakh a day, the rates in corporation halls range between 350 and 15,000.Corporation officials also expressed the fear of losing revenue after the online booking facility was cancelled. \"The members of the public now have to come to Ripon Buildings to book the halls, but many not come all the way here,\" said a senior official.On Monday, TOI met a 56-year-old man from Royapuram who had came to the revenue department book a community hall. \"While zonal officers are not accepting bookings, revenue officials in Ripon Buildings are saying they, too, are not entitled to do this as yet. Where do I go now to get a hall,\" he asked.Experts said the civic body should have let the online booking facility continue. Kiruba Shankar, social media expert and CEO of business blogging, said \"online facilities are made to bring more transparency and easier access. Unfortunately, the civic body is going back to the old style. It could have easily made the system foolproof by insisting that the photographs of the bride and the groom along with their address proof and phone number be made available online.\"While mayor Saidai S Duraisamy was not available for comment, his predecessor M Subramanian alleged that the present corporation council had stopped the facility to allow its councillors to collect bribe from the public.The online booking facility was launched in 2008 following complaints that most of the halls were full during the wedding season and that people were finding it hard to make a booking. It was also aimed at avoiding the unnecessary visit to the zonal offices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14633013", "title": "Trees to be axed for making traffic flow smooth", "text": "LUDHIANA: For making the traffic flow smooth the civic authorities are going to axe trees which have become an obstruction on main roads of the city. The officials have called tenders from the interested contractors who can axe these trees as soon as possible. The tenders would be opened on July 9 and then it would be allotted to one contractor.According to the information the civic officials are supposed to axe around 152 trees on various roads of the city so that traffic flow could become smooth but they are struggling hard to get even single contractor for the task in the past one year. Now they are going to float the tenders for the third time and this time they are hoping to get the solution. Sources revealed that contractors were not ready to axe these trees because there are a few banyan trees also and they did not want to take risk.While giving the information executive engineer of horticulture branch Surinder Kumar said, \"We have floated tenders for the third time and now we are hoping our work would be done and commuters could drive easily on the roads.\" He said they are hoping to get Rs 4.67 lakh after the axing of trees.Meanwhile the commuters though are troubled with obstructions they face on the roads but they want MC officials should plant double amount of trees that they would axe. \"Traffic problem would definitely get solved but axing of trees would affect greenery of the city therefore officials should plant more trees first,\" said Manjit Singh a businessman and resident of Gurdev Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14626219", "title": "Unmasked, free as birds", "text": "BANGALORE: Waking up on a Monday morning to let fly all inhibitions and announce to the world that she is free to choose who she loves is but a small step for Shwetha in the LGBT (lesbian , gay, bisexual, and transgender ) movement.Shwetha is among 30-plus people who turned up at Cubbon Park to celebrate Indian Coming Out Day. \"Three years ago, the Supreme Court decriminalized LGBT community . So, we've been releasing balloons to signify Indian Coming Out Day. Last year, we didn't use a mask. This time, we tied our masks to balloons before releasing them, showing that the community is ready to come of the closet,\" said Samuel Konnur.But this celebration is just a beginning in their efforts to enter mainsteam society. \"Many don't understand what lesbians, gays or transgenders feel because they live by what society has handed to them. Most of my friends accept me the way I am since they are educated. But there's a vast ocean of orthodox people who need to be educated about us,\" said Guru.The LGBT community celebrated the day to show the world they are proud of their identity . \"We don't want to lead dual lives. Tying our masks to balloons signified that we don't want to be in the closet anymore ,\" said Arnav.Although there was cheer in the air, tension over the Supreme Court verdict on the LGBT community was prevalent . \"I hope the verdict is positive . But, with processions even in small cities like Thrissur , Madurai and Patna, the community is certainly on its way to gain equal status,\" said Shwetha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14617524", "title": "Fake currency racket busted; Rs 4.74 lakh seized, three arrested", "text": "JAIPUR: Barely a fortnight after the special operation group (SOG) of Rajasthan Police busted a fake currency racket by arresting two persons and seized Rs 13.85 lakh, another racket was busted from Bharatpur on Monday. SOG on Monday has seized counterfeit currency of Rs 4.74 lakh from Pahari area of Bharatpur district of the state and has arrested three persons.Pahari, Gopalgarh and Laadmkha villages majorly dominated by the Mev community has already become a bastion for the peddlers involved in circulating counterfeit currency notes as in the past fortnight the SOG has seized a fake currency of around Rs 18 lakhs.Acting on a tip off a special team of SOG, Jaipur initially questioned three persons and checked their belongings. \"We have found 948 notes of a denomination of Rs 500 each,\" said a senior officer of SOG on Monday.A case was registered against the accused while the sleuths were on the job to find out as to where this haul of fake currency notes was to be delivered.\"The probe in the past cases in which we had arrested two persons with possessing Rs 13.85 lakh suggested that people in the Pahari, Gopalgarh and Ladmkha villagers were involved in circulation of counterfeit currency. Thus with an intensified surveillance in the area, we got this breakthrough,\" said a senior police officer.The arrested accused were identified as Aarif (25), Rashid(50) and Rafiq(30) all natives of Pahari village in Bharatpur district of the state.Police added that the seized counterfeit currency notes looked so genuine that anyone could be misled. \"We will be sending this haul to the officials of the Reserve Bank of India, Jaipur, for testing,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14635482", "title": "Ram Charan\u2019s Zanjeer shooting in Bangkok", "text": "After a blissful honeymoon in Italy, mega power star Ram Charan is back to work. The actor resumes shooting for his Bollywood debut film \"Zanjeer\" for the next schedule which starts in Bangkok. The actor will be leaving to Bangkok where the unit will film scenes on Ram Charan and Prakash Raj for the next 10 days.Bollywood actress Priyanka Chopra is playing the female lead in this film while Amitabh Bachchan will appear in a cameo. Zanjee remake is directed by Apoorva Lakhia and produced by Amit Mehra. Devi Sri Prasad is composing the music.After the Bangkok schedule, Ram Charan will join the sets of V V Vinayak's untitled film while Prakash Raj would work for Gauravam, starring Allu Sirish and Yami Gautham. Gauravam's first schedule of shooting began a fortnight back in Mysore and is expected to be wrapped up shortly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14626990", "title": "Coffee table book on Mahalingam released to mark his 90th birthday", "text": "COIMBATORE: The industrial city on Monday paid a fitting tribute to nonagenarian entrepreneur Nachimuthu Mahalingam by bringing out a coffee table book titled 'Mahamantras' to mark his 90th birth anniversary. Eminent persons from different walks of life came together to witness the release of the book, jointly brought out by The Times of India and Indian Chamber of Commerce and Industry Coimbatore.Speakers at the book launch function including Mahalingam's close friend and Union Corporate Affairs Minister M Veerappa Moily who called him the doyen of Kongu Nadu and an entrepreneur of principles. His faith in Gandhian values and his application of that philosophy in his various business ventures also won special mention at the meeting. The book is a testimony of the diverse interests and contributions of the top entrepreneur.Moily released the coffee table book after talking at length about his long camaraderie with the great entrepreneur. The minister also urged young entrepreneurs to imbibe the legacy of Mahalingam, who blended business and industry with spirituality.Quoting Gandhiji who said the resources are there for everyone's need, but not for our greed, the minister said that the water in the Cauvery River is sufficient for the needs of both Karanataka and Tamil Nadu , but not for political greed. He said that like civilizations, firms have perished due to loss of values. India has sustained core values despite turbulent times. When Lord Rama had been exiled to the forests for 14 years, we are not told who ruled Ayodhya. The people ruled themselves. Democratic values are crafted in ourselves. Big corporate houses are adopting the principles of our great leaders and philosophers,'' he said.Mahalingam in his speech urged Indian youth to effectively use their potential to inculcate ethics and values. G Balachandran, former additional chief secretary of West Bengal , said that Mahalingam has a number of rare qualities to emulate. Mahalingam had advised some of the senior Congress Leaders in the later half of the 1950's that they must focus on the grassroots. They failed to listen and in a few years the Congress was routed out from the state, he said. \"This shows his keen observation and intuitive skills. The present generation has a lot to learn from him,\" he said.G Ramaswamy, the immediate past president of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India, said that Mahalingam was an apt person to write about management techniques. \"He shows equal respect and humility to a farmer and a union minister,'' he said. M Krishnan of Indian Chamber and Ninan Thariyan of Times Group also spoke on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14620918", "title": "Samajwadi Party leaders Home turf of SP leaders all set for a makeover", "text": "LUCKNOW: Districts represented by some senior Samajwadi Party leaders may soon get a planned makeover as the housing department is chalking out a new master plan for them.Well placed government sources said the department has picked up cities like Etawah (home town of SP boss Mulayam Singh Yadav ), Mainpuri (Mulayam's parliamentary seat), Rampur (represented by Azam Khan), Hardoi (represented by Naresh Agarwal) and Kannauj (parliamentary seat of Dimple Yadav) for a development plan. These are among 15 other districts for which the department is chalking out a master plan that would decid the future course of development in these VIP-districts.In fact, districts like Etawah and Mainpuri, the two regulated town areas, had their master plan expired in 2001. \"It is after a gap over a decade that a fresh master plan is being prepared,'' a government official told TOI. The master plan for Etawah, which is being drafted by the Kanpur Development Authority (KDA), is likely to include the proposed Lion Safari. A draft proposal shows the new master plan is being drafted till 2031. So is the case with Mainpuri, which after remaining without a master plan for nearly a decade, is getting a new one that will be valid till 2031.Rampur too has been without a master plan since 2005. There had been initial preparations in 2006. But with the coming of Mayawati government in 2007, there was not much headway. The city, represented by SP leader Azam Khan and cine star Jaya Prada , would now get a new developmental blueprint that would be valid till 2031.Kannauj and Hardoi, however, were lucky enough to have a working city master plan till 2011. They too would get a new plan that will decide the development pattern for the next 20 years.In all, there are 20 cities which are in the process of getting a new master plan. Of this, 10 have been classified as the development areas (governed by respective development authority) and 10 are regulated areas (where local administration plans development activities). This is for the first time the state government is also framing a plan for cities like Mughalsarai, Pilibhit and Mawana-Hastinapur.Plans are also afoot for Aligarh which is set to get a revised master plan. The city had a valid plan till 2021. However, with the extensive development activities in and around the district, essentially because of the Yamuna Expressway, the district's master plan is requiring a fresh look, sources said.The state government has also decided to re-plan development activities in cities like Ayodhya-Faizabad and Chitrakoot which have religious significance attached to them. While the former is a developmental area, the latter comes under the special area development authority ( SADA).Experts insist on involvement of public in the drafting of the plans so that developmental activities are done according to people's requirement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14619180", "title": "Ban on plastic wrappers at central railway stations revoked", "text": "MUMBAI: Forty days after Central Railway (CR) prohibited the sale of food wrapped in plastic on all its stations, it lifted the ban on Monday.CR general manager Subodh Jain, apparently \"buckling under pressure\" from social activist Medha Patkar and a group of members of passenger and stall associations, revoked the ban and will soon issue a notification allowing the use of plastic on suburban stations. This means you will soon find your favourite biscuit and chip packets at railway stalls.Patkar was not available for comment.CR's volte face has come as a \"shocker\" to some activists like Anil Galgali from Kurla. Terming plastic garbage as an environmental hazard, they said the basic purpose of \"keeping stations and trains clean of plastic garbage\" has been defeated with CR's U-turn.A circular issued by CR on May 21 had banned the sale of food items packed in plastic wrappings, laminated plastics, metalised film packets, sulphite paper packing and aluminum foil packing.According to a rough estimate, around five lakh plastic packets were sold through 200-odd stalls on CR's network. Of these, nearly 50% were thrown on tracks, inside compartments or on station premises.A delegation comprising Patkar, a few catering stall contractors of CR members of National Alliance of People's Movements,and commuter-activist Madhu Kotian met the GM on Monday and insisted on the ban being revoked. During the meeting, Patkar claimed the decision to ban plastic should have been taken after prior consultations with catering contractors, sources said. She reportedly suggested that the railway administration should also interact with manufacturers of these products to promote the use of environment-friendly materials for wrapping and that decision to ban such products should be taken in phases to cover the entire system.She also represented several vendors who had been rendered jobless due to the ban.When contacted, Jain said, \"I told the delegation that the ban was imposed mainly to ensure cleanliness. as these wrappers are major constituent of litter and garbage. The positive impact on improved drainage and environment was only incidental to the decision.I also pointed out that Metro (such as the one in Delhi) does not allow sale of food products on platforms to maintain cleanliness.\" But Kotian argued that commuters were facing hardships not getting their favourite products like biscuits, chips, etc and the decision was anti-passenger.Sources said the GM tried to convince the delegation, but in vain. He was apprehensive that somebody like Patkar, a public figure, can take up the issue with the Railway Board and matters could get worse for unwanted reasons, sources said.Said Jain, \"I had taken a local decision to ban plastic. But we are not activists. Our job is to run trains and not campaigns against stall owners. I do not want to get stuck in mundane issues. There are bigger things to do as a GM.\" He added that the ban was revoked in view of the all-round adverse commuter opinion conveyed by Patkar and Kotian.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14617739", "title": "Farmers delay paddy sowing", "text": "KANPUR: The delay in arrival of monsoon may affect the kharif crop in the region. The paddy farmers are an anxious lot.A good rainfall is essential in the last week of June and in first week of July for the paddy crop. The delay in monsoon causes adverse impact on kharif crop, especially paddy cultivation. Majority of farmers are waiting for rains to sow the seeds. Others are overburdened due to high price of irrigation systems.\"Predominantly, the crops of the farmers who have sown paddy seeds in the second week of June, expecting rains in last week of the month will be affected. These farmers are having a tough time to manage moisture and irrigation in the fields. Those who are still ploughing the fields in wait of rains will be a benefited lot in terms for relief from paid irrigation. But they may get adverse impact afterward,\" Anirudh Dubey, agro-meteorologist of CSA University, said.June of 2012 remained the driest in the last three decades. The city received approximately 3 mm of rainfall in June while the expected rain in the region is nearly 81 mm. In July, there were no showers so far.As per the data provided by the agricultural department, the figures for kharif sowing are disappointing. The sowing usually begins by the second week June. This year, no monsoon activity was observed and farmers delayed sowing, fearing that it might spoil the crop. This is the first time in past several years that sowing has been delayed.As per the data provided by CSA University authorities, the central plain zone of Uttar Pradesh , having 14 districts, has overall received a nominal rainfall of nearly 5 to 10mm, which is not even 20% of the expected rainfall. Similarly, south west semi-arid climatic zone and Bundelkhand zone, falling under the agro-climatic zone of CSA have received merely 20% and 30% rainfall. With Kanpur falling under the central plain zone, the late arrival of monsoon has resulted into just 15% and 10% rainfall respectively. This condition of any region receiving less than 50% of the expected rainfall is known as meteorological drought. Hence, according to the weather conditions, the state is under the condition of meteorological drought till now.The statistics of the agriculture department point out that the state so far has received around 20% per cent of the average rainfall for month of June. The standard rainfall in June is of 81 mm for the region while the actual figure stood at 3 mm. Around 93 blocks across the state have witnessed rainfall of more than 10% of the June average. While as many as 75 blocks have received rainfall of only 5%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14636165", "title": "College bound", "text": "'Getting it right' for the first day of college is a huge deal for students and each has a different way of preparing. Suman Sopori finds outCollege life opens a whole new world for students. Students are eager to make the right group of friends, have lots of fun and make a mark in college. But just before all this begins, students' minds are mixed with excitement and nervousness as they try to prepare themselves for the perfect first day! Divya Joshi who is going to study English Honours says, \"It's going to be a totally different atmosphere. I have no friends here and I'll have to adjust to studying in large classrooms. I am going to try to balance my studies and co-curricular activities in college. I've also been reading up about the college so that I know more about it. I don't plan on bunking any classes but I'm looking forward to making friends and going shopping with them.\" Adjusting to a new atmosphere can be quite a challenge. One is left to make judgments and decisions on their own. At such a time, having the confidence needed to adjust in a new set-up is crucial.Sanha Razdan is moving away from home for the first time to study MBBS. She says \"My mother has warned me not to get dragged into things I'm not interested in and to stay focused. She's told me not to believe everything people tell me. I'm really excited about going to a hostel. I hope my roommates and I are similar in nature.\" While Nishchay Dar who has been in hostel for most of his school life says, \"School had a lot of rules. College will be very different. I'm used to bullying, so I'm not worried about that. I will get to meet people from a lot of different places and I'm looking forward to enjoying my freedom with them.\" Nigel Augustine on the other hand feels that \"College is going to be a big change of scene and I have to work hard. I've been talking to seniors and trying to find out about the syllabus. I want to study well and have good and interactive people around. I'm not going to have a laidback attitude in college.\"Making a name for oneself in a huge crowd is difficult. Each student has something special and must try to shine. This can be done by joining clubs and being active in different college activities. Chetanya Sanon feels that appearance helps in getting one noticed. He says, \"I'll spend around five to ten thousand on a new wardrobe. The brands you wear speak a lot about you. I'll be spending more time hanging out with friends and have less time for family. I'll also try to impress my seniors.\"\"Many a man spends the happiest years of his life as a college freshman\" so don't get too caught up in trying to look good, appearing intelligent or saying the right things. Be comfortable in your skin and know why you're at college and you will enjoy the journey.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14621559", "title": "Kochi does not require metro: Kuldip Singh", "text": "KOCHI: Kuldip Singh, the original architect of the Marine Drive development project, may hail from New Delhi, which has set the benchmark for metro rail projects in the country.But he sure does not share Kochi's enthusiasm for the metro, which he feels the city can do without and claims would increase congestion!Coming from someone who is into urban planning, it may come as a surprise, but Singh is also not impressed by the Delhi metro, which caught the country's imagination and is being replicated in major cities. \"I have personally opposed elevated metros in Delhi, Bangalore and the proposed ones in Hyderabad and Pune.The metro project as conceived in Kochi will degrade the central area of the city and the M G Road stretch. It can turn destructive for the city,\" he said in an interview with TOI, instead calling for an underground metro system for Kochi.For someone, who can't stand elevated metros, Singh gave a surprise again and proved to be a man of contradictions by claiming that he had provided consultancy for the Delhi and Bangalore metros! \"I provided consultancy service for the Delhi and Bangalore metro rail projects in design and architecture,\" he said.But then Singh is very hard to please. He is not happy with the first phase of development of the 1.5 km Marine Drive stretch which he conceived, and feels it could have been carried out in a better way if Greater Cochin Development Authority ( GCDA) had full control over the project.\"When the project was executed 35 years ago, there were several constraints including financial, environmental and administrative, before the executing agency. And due to all these constraints it was not possible to enforce detailed control over the execution of the project,\" said Singh, claiming that all environmental issues were addressed during the execution of the project.Expressing his displeasure over the maintenance of the waterfront, which is a popular hangout for city residents, he said that greater attention needs to be paid for the walkway. \"The maintenance of open space, which is an important asset for the city, in Marine Drive should be given utmost importance. Despite the availability of open space, it has not been used much,\" he said. Singh has to his credit New Delhi-based projects such as City Centre and Saket District Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14623633", "title": "M Karunanidhi flays UPSC exam system", "text": "CHENNAI: DMK chief M Karunanidhi on Sunday alleged that Hindi-speaking candidates have an edge in the UPSC examinations owing to the changes made in the system in 2010. He sought the intervention of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in extending similar benefits to Tamil-speaking students to ensure a level-playing field.In his letter to Manmohan, he said, \"The UPSC had introduced a significant change in the Civil Services Aptitude Test and questions in the new format were framed in such a way that only candidates well-versed in English will be able to answer them within the stipulated time of two hours.\"\"However such questions are also found translated in Hindi. So candidates who are conversant in Hindi can understand the questions easily by reading its Hindi version,\" Karunanidhi said.Karunanidhi claimed while 122 of 980 candidates selected through Union Public Service Commission examinations in 2010 hailed from the state, it had dipped to 68 out of 910 the next year.He blamed the change in pattern for the declining trend, claiming it had put the Tamil-speaking students \"at a clear disadvantage.\" The Railway Board conducted examinations in Tamil and the UPSC should also consider doing so, Karunanidhi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14619500", "title": "PM grants Rs 500cr ad hoc aid to flood-ravaged Assam", "text": "GUWAHATI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Monday announced an ad hoc central assistance of Rs 500 cr to help the state fight of the worst floods in almost a decade and assured more aid after the central team submits its report. Accompanied by UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi and chief minister Tarun Gogoi, Singh made an aerial survey of the devastation caused by floods in the worst-affected districts of Jorhat, Dhemaji and Lakhimpur, particularly Majuli Island, and Kaziranga National Park.\"I am making a commitment to provide a central ad hoc support of Rs 500 crore to the state government,\" he said at Lokapriya Gopinath Bordoloi International Airport here after the survey. \"I have witnessed extensive damage and the people are facing one of the worst floods in recent times. I have learnt with sadness that 77 people have died and five are missing. There has been loss of lives and damage inflicted on infrastructure,\" Singh said.He said, \"For the next two days, our focus will be on rescuing people marooned and extending relief to those forced to leave their homes. Once we complete search and rescue operations, our focus will shift to restoration of damaged infrastructure,\" the Prime Minister said. He added that the central team has already arrived here to make a detailed assessment of damage to crops, infrastructure and national highways and also for restoration of public buildings like schools, water supply systems and hospitals. Singh, a Rajya Sabha MP from the state, pledged all possible help to the people of the flood-hit state. \"People are facing considerable damage during these tough times and the Centre will do everything possible to wipe away their misery.\" He assured that the apart from financial help to repair the damages, the Centre would also provide additional food if the state government requires. He said that to ensure there was no shortage of food, the government has distributed over 10,000 quintals of essential food items. \"And, if necessary, the Centre will send more. We will ensure that adequate quantities of foodgrains and other essential commodities are available in the state and that agricultural seeds of the desired variety are also available,\" he added. \"Once the immediate relief work has taken place, we will pay more attention to medium and long-term problems such as flood control, erosion and other related issues. The Centre would also extend assistance for reconstruction,\" he said.Expressing satisfaction with the rescue and relief operations, he said that 16 NDRF teams and 71 boats were operating in the state to rescue marooned people, while the Army has rescued more than 4,000 affected people. The Army has deployed 752 personnel for rescue and relief operations and 400 persons have been transported to safety.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14617444", "title": "Water being used as bait to rob train, bus passengers", "text": "KANPUR: The members of drug-and-rob gangs have found new tricks to deprive train and bus passengers of their cash and valuables. These crooks are now using bottles of mineral water or soft drinks as a bait to rob the passengers travelling in trains and UPSRTC buses in the region.On May 19, Pradeep Sharma, a resident of Harbansmohal was drugged through drinking water in a train and then robbed. He was on his way to the city from Bahadurgarh area of Haryana.Another victim Dharamveer of Bichpari Kheda Vaidpura in Etawah district narrated similar experience to TOI. He was travelling by the UPSRTC bus from Delhi to Etawah on June 23 and offered water in a green bottle of a soft drink by the passenger seated next to him. \"I was desperately feeling thirsty and there were no other means to quench it.Sensing my situation, the stranger seated next to me offered water in a bottle of a soft-drink,\" he said.Few minutes after drinking the water he became drowsy and lost consciousness. \"I do not remember anything more. The next day, I found myself in the hospital, with a glucose drip on.\" The crook escaped with victim's bag containing Rs 8,000, a mobile phone and a few clothes.The hospital authorities diagnosed Dharamveer's illness as consumption of excess dose of sedatives. He remained out of his senses for nearly two days.The police officials said that the crooks are missing no opportunity to use water as bait to rob passengers in the extreme hot weather conditions. Complaints of passengers being robbed on trains and UPSRTC buses are rising in the past few days.There are several gangs operating on Bihar and Mumbai-bound trains, besides UPSRTC buses. The crooks offer water mixed with sedatives in mineral water or bottles of soft drinks and rob the passengers. The GRP and RPF authorities have initiated awareness campaigns, asking passengers to avoid water and other food items offered by unknown person.A GRP Official said that several illegal vendors selling fake mineral water bottles were arrested at the station in the recent past.There are drugs which have no colour, smell or taste. These drugs are easily added to water or soft drinks.\"During interrogation, the arrested criminals had revealed that there are more than half-a-dozen drugs easily available at the medical stores. Rohypnol, ketamine, lorazepam, fortbin and valium are some of them,\" a senior GRP official said. A medical practitioner said: \"Drugs like ketamines are normally used by surgeons to perform operations. However, if they are used wrongly, the results can be deadly.\"He added that another drug known as lorazepam is used by criminals to rob train and bus robbers \"Such sedatives are supposed to be given only on prescription by doctors but sometimes people with nefarious intent get access to these sedatives,\" he said.There are several gangs operating on Bihar and Mumbai-bound trains, besides UPSRTC buses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "14622419", "title": "Mass transfer of teachers feared in Magadh University", "text": "GAYA: Amidst apprehensions of mass scale transfer, Magadh University (MU) re-opened on Monday after a month-long summer vacation and the university headquarters, 44 constituent units, four deficit grant minority colleges and institutions affiliated to the university spread over seven districts including Patna, Nalanda, Gaya and Aurangabad witnessed normal activity after a four-week recess.Mass scale transfers in MU have become inevitable in the wake of the cabinet nod for rationalisation including removal of teacher-taught imbalance, abolition of nearly 800 MU posts and apparent inequilibrium in distribution of teaching staff among different constituents units with several colleges suffering from gross shortage of teachers.The colleges suffering from gross teacher shortage, as per university records include S Sinha College, Aurangabad, SS College, Jahanabad, SMS College, Sherghati, SNS College, Tekari, SNS College Warsialiganj, SD College, Kaler and KLS College Nawada.With nearly 10,000 students on its rolls, the number of teachers in S Sinha College, Aurangabad, is only 27 while the number of teachers in College of Commerce, Patna, and AN College, Patna, is 125 and 93 respectively. Not only that SD College, Kaler, has got only 10 teachers. The number of teachers in KLS College, Nawada, SMS College, Sherghati and SS College, Jahanabad is only 12, 10 and 15 respectively.On the other hand, number of teachers in all the eight colleges converted into constituent units during the fourth phase of conversions is comparatively high. BD College, Patna, has got 109 teachers on its pay rolls. The number of teachers in SBAN College, Darhetta Lari, Ganga Devi Mahila College, Patna, and TS College, Hisua, is 72, 60 and 61 respectively.Correcting this imbalance to bring uniformity or near uniformity in the teacher-taught ratio remains the most challenging job for MU authorities, more so on account of the fact that Patna-based colleges have got much more number of teachers compared to the colleges located in rural and semi-urban areas. A large number of Patna-based teachers are well connected and nearly a dozen of them are spouses of senior government officials. It is a no win situation for university officials as shifting the influential teachers out of Patna means rubbing several shoulders on the wrong side.MU officiating VC Arun Kumar said the government has not yet formally communicated rationalization details to the university. Transfers will be effected once the detailed college-wise status was available at the university headquarters, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14619852", "title": "Construction worker killed in squabble", "text": "BANGALORE: A squabble over electricity supply ended in murder in a workers' colony near a construction site in Yelahanka on Sunday night. Construction worker Raju, 27, was killed and three others injured in the clash, police said.The incident happened in Shivanahalli in GKVK Layout, where over 1,000 workers of a construction major are staying. Around 10.30pm, Ashish, a manager of the sheds, switched off the power. Two workers, Raju and Ranjith, asked him he did it. The argument turned violent and the duo assaulted Ashish who returned later with his friends and attacked Raju and three others with lethal weapons.The four men were rushed to a nearby hospital where Raju was declared dead on arrival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "srikakulam", "code": "14617291", "title": "APPCB orders closure of Nagarjuna Agrichem Limited", "text": "SRIKAKULAM: Following the pleas of locals and factory workers, The AP Pollution Control Board (PCB) on Monday ordered closure of the Nagarjuna Agrichem Limited (NACL) unit citing violation of pollution norms and lack of safety standards. A task force headed by senior environmental engineer K Ramesh handed over the closure notice of the plant issued by PCB member-secretary M Ravichandra to the factory officials at Chilakapalem village in Etcherla mandal.Earlier, people of 12 villages continued their stir demanding permanent closure of the plant by conducting rasta roko on the national highway. Traffic was paralysed for three hours as hundreds of vehicles were stranded on both sides of the road. Minister T G Venkatesh's vehicle was also stopped by the agitators for 45 minutes and relented only after he gave them an assurance of bringing the matter to the notice of the chief minister.PCB officials also issued the order copy to the EPDCL authorities to stop power supply to the plant till further orders. Sources said the PCB ordered the plant management that the unit would be closed till further orders. The district collector had issued temporary closure orders of the plant on Sunday based on a report from the joint chief inspector of factories. Sources said the PCB officials imposed a cut in the production of the plant following frequent complaints about rising pollution levels.The NACL management deposited Rs 25 lakh with the PCB for high levels of pollution in the surrounding villages. Sources said the PCB authorities had warned NACL after the plant started releasing effluents and polluted water to the nearby areas. After much prodding, the plant management invested Rs 40 crore on sophisticated equipment to treat the contaminated water, sources revealed.During their inspections, the PCB officials found the water used to douse the fire in the recent mishap was itself hazardous as there were chemical substances in it. Ramesh said that they found that one agricultural borewell near the plant was polluted with the effluents from the plant in the past. Ironically, pollution control equipment was gutted in the fire and it would take nearly one year to erect the equipment, sources said.Meanwhile, NACL management told Bombay Stock Exchange that they were assessing the loss in last Saturday's fire. It said only 14 workers were injured and ruled out death of any worker. It also said that production has been temporarily stopped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "14626535", "title": "Manipur CM focus on power, connectivity", "text": "IMPHAL: Manipur chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh has stated that his government would give special attention to power supply, availability of drinking water and road connectivity in the state.\"As was stated by me while seeking the vote-on-account, our efforts over the next five years would be to give special attention to these three core sectors,\" the CM, who also holds the finance portfolio, said while presenting the budget in the assembly on Monday.\"Within our limited resources, we will specially focus on improvement of power transmission and distribution network, upgrade of road network and augmentation of drinking water supply, among others, through new projects, schemes and activities from the ensuing fiscal itself,\" he added.Necessary investments would be arranged and wherever necessary, structural reforms would be introduced, he said. He added that the fiscal deficit is estimated at (-) Rs 472.31 crore which is (-) 4.2 percent of GSDP .The total outstanding debt is projected at 47 per cent of GSDP during 2012-13, which is within the limit mandated by Manipur FRBM Rules, 2011.Ibobi Singh informed the house that the Planning Commission has fixed the annual plan outlay at Rs 3500 crore for the 2012-13 fiscal.These plan funds would be utilized for completing ongoing projects and taking up some new important developmental work, he said, adding that compared to 2010-11, plan expenditure registered a growth of 16 % and capital expenditure increased by 5% during 2011-12.He added that the state government's vision for the 12th Five Year Plan is \"faster, inclusive and sustainable growth.\" During the plan period, the government intends to keep up the development momentum going and meet the soaring aspirations of people on three sectors - power, water supply and road connectivity. On the social sector, the literacy rate has improved significantly from 70.5% in 2001 to 78.85% in 2011, he said.Stating that health indicators are much better that all India average, the CM said Crude Birth Rate (CBR) and Crude Death Rate (CDR) are estimated at 14.9 and 4.2 respectively as against the all-India average of 22.1 and 7.2 . Infant Mortality Rate (IMR) is per thousand as against the all India average of 47, he added.A large number of development projects, beginning from economic service to social service sector have been implemented and some are under implementation. On state finances, the CM said about 90% of the revenue receipt of the state comes from central tax transfers and grant-in-aid, indicating that the state is solely dependent on receipts from the Centre. He said expenditure on the state police was estimated at 21 per cent of the total non-plan revenue expenditure of Rs 4062.35 crore during 2011-12 . He added that there has been improvement in security due to well-directed counter-insurgency measures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "14622884", "title": "3 killed in accident", "text": "Hubli: Three persons were killed when their vehicle was hit by a government bus in Sindhanur town of Raichur district on Monday afternoon. The deceased are driver Nagaraj, 25, of Emmignur, Manamma, 35, of Lingsugur and Jyothi, 16, of Gangavati. A case has been registered at Sindhanur town police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14636775", "title": "Will Shiv finally woo Anandi in Balika Vadhu?", "text": "With the current track in Balika Vadhu on Colors TV, things are not going as expected for dadisa and family.With Anandi being adamant on not re-marrying, the entire family is in turmoil. Shiv is also stunned by Anandi's reaction when she yells at him for agreeing to marry her. In tonight's episode, Anandi and Shiv visit Nahar together and will witness a moment of awkwardness. But is Anandi justified in her behavior? Is fear clouding her decision making power?Says Pratyusha aka Anandi, \"There are two very important things happening in Anandi's life. I'm getting a divorce and on the other hand, talks about my re-marriage are going on. That's what is hurting me and I need time to resolve it. I am scared and I'm also not in love with Shiv. The trust fact has gone after Jagya abandoned me. So yes, I'm afraid to be rejected again'.Meanwhile, Jagya and Shiv will also come face to face where the two will have an unpleasant encounter. Will this affect Anandi's decision and will Shiv woo and win her over? Keep reading this space to find out more!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "14622509", "title": "Chaos outside Panchkula schools", "text": "PANCHKULA: There was utter confusion in Panchkula as most of the parents and students were unaware that summer vacations had been extended. The state education department reportedly decided to extended vacations till July 9. However, no intimation was sent to the district education officer or the administration in this regard. It was only on Monday morning that the message was flashed across the schools.Chaotic scenes were witnessed outside schools as children were told to return home. Some parents were seen having altercations with school staff over no timely information being given.\"I was double minded when I was about to take my six-year-old son to school as my neighbbours said the vacations have been extended. We, however, were not informed by the school. When we reached the school, the guard told us that it was closed,\" said Rita Sharma of Sector 4, Panchkula. Jagriti Sharma of Sector 15, Panchkula, said, \"I got up early and did all the preparations. And when I took my children to school, I was told that the vacations have been extended. Why were we not given any timely information?\" she said.\"We had no intimation till Monday morning that the summer vacations had been extended. It was only through the press that we came to know that the government has extended vacations,\" said district education officer Nalini Mimani. She added, \"As soon as we received the information, we immediately flashed the message across all schools.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "tenali", "code": "14617227", "title": "New project to quench Tenali's thirst", "text": "TENALI: A comprehensive drinking water scheme might save Tenali, which is facing acute drinking water shortage. Insufficient supply of potable water through municipal taps, force the locals to depend on borewells. Though Tenali was represented by political stalwarts in the past none of them worked seriously to resolve the water crisis.None of the political stalwarts who represented Tenali worked toward solving the water crisis.But in what could come as a major relief to the denizens, a drinking water scheme at a cost of Rs 95 crore has been designed to cater to the town's population of 1.6 lakh over the next two decades. The public health department has constructed a massive reservoir at Seethanagaram near Tadepalli on the banks of Prakasam barrage to pump water from Krishna river.\"We are drawing water through a dedicated pipeline from the Krishna to bring water to Tenali,\" public health deputy executive engineer M Narasimha Rao said. A separate head water works reservoir was constructed near VRS and YRN College compound and the water will be distributed to the entire town through 154-km pipeline in the town.Local MLA and assembly speaker Nadendla Manohar held several rounds of discussions with the railway authorities to secure clearances from the railways in laying the pipelines as the main pipeline from Seethanagaram passes through the railway line. \"We hope the new water scheme will end our drinking water woes,\" said Dhanalakshmi, a resident of the town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14617756", "title": "IIT-Kanpur hosts meet on designing quake-resistant buildings", "text": "KANPUR: A workshop on earthquake-resistant practices for undergraduate students of architecture began at IIT-Kanpur on Monday. It will end on July 7.Over 60 participants of 14 colleges from across the country are participating in the workshop. The participants were selected from over 100 applications received for the purpose. The aim of the workshop is to sensitize the students of architecture in earthquake resistant design practices through technical lectures, followed by design studios. They would be given guidance in earthquake resistant design by working on an architectural design project.On the first day of the workshop, a quiz competition was held. Another quiz will be held at the end of the workshop to evaluate the progress made by the students.The inaugural function was chaired by dean, research and development, IIT-K, A K Chaturvedi.Chaturvedi said that interaction and synergisation of architects and structural engineers is a healthy sign for the country and help in minimizing post-earthquake effects.Durgesh C Rai, coordinator, NICEE welcomed the participants. He said that the aim of setting up of NICEE is to act as store house of information and ensure its smooth dissemination.Mahua Mukherjee of IIT Roorkee welcomed the participants and told them about the schedule of the workshop.During the six-day workshop, the students will be given an architectural design assignment, where they will be required to design an apartment complex containing a mix of various different types of apartments in addition to amenities and utilities for residents. The students would be exposed to resist software to test the adequacy of their designs from seismic performance perspective.Mahua Mukherjee from IIT Roorkee, Vasudha Gokhale from Dr BN College of Architecture for Women in Pune, Atanu Dutta from Jorhat Engineering College and Alpana Dongre, VNIT, Nagpur are the resource persons of the workshop.Lectures will be delivered by Hari Kumar of Geo Hazards. The studio sessions will be a mix of desk work and informal lectures, where individual cases will be used to illustrate earthquake engineering concepts.The design prepared by the participants will be evaluated by a team of jury comprising Mahesh Tandon, A K Mittal, Balbir Verma and Naren Mitra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14623052", "title": "Litigant fined for false allegations against judge", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A person got away by paying a penalty of just Rs 7,500 after making wild allegations against a judge, which he could not finally prove.Govindbhai Vaish wrote a letter to the acting chief justice of Gujarat high court making accusations against an additional sessions judge of Upleta court, before whom his case came up for hearing last year.As he raised a din against the judge, the principal district judge transferred his matter to another court - before a judge that sits in Jetpur town. The HC also approved of shifting of the case, but later the HC demanded evidence on basis of which Vaish targeted the Upleta judge.The litigant failed to provide any evidence. This led the high court to initiate contempt of court proceedings against Vaish for creating hindrance in the process of justice and maligning a member of judiciary.When a bench of Justice Jayant Patel and C L Soni started hearing, Vaish surrendered and sought unconditional apology for what he had said about the sessions judge. He told the HC that he had made accusations against the judge in an emotional spurt, and his matter may be transferred back to the same judge.The division bench said that by making false allegations against the judge, the litigant availed benefit of transferring his case to another judge. But since Vaish was ready to take back his allegations, apologized and even agreed to transfer his case back to the same judge, it can be said that he realized his mistake.However, the court felt that Vaish should not go unpunished. \"We are conscious of the fact that in a criminal contempt, if somebody has interfered with the smooth course of administration of justice, it may call for severe punishment, but the punishment has to meet with the principles of proportionality based on the gravity of the contempt,\" with this observation the HC fined Vaish with Rs 7,500. The litigant has been asked to make payment within two weeks, and in case of default the Upleta court will take action against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14636604", "title": "Will Poonam Pandey strip for Spain?", "text": "It appears that the fans and followers of the strip sensation Poonam Pandey need just an excuse to egg the siren on to take off her clothes.If Poonam Pandey promised to strip for Indian cricket team after their world cup win last year, she is being pressed by her twitter fans to strip for Spain now that the FIFA World Cup winners are the champs of Europe for the second time in a row.\"But Tweethearts y u all asking me to Strip if Spain wins .... ok will try n give u a surprise soon,\" Poonam Pandey wrote on Twitter in reply to the many requests to her to strip for Spain. Poonam has been taking a keen interest in Euro 2012 ever since the start of the tournament. Her favourites to win the tournament were Spain and Germany. In fact, when some of her predictions about the match-winners came true, her fans began to liken her to Paul the Octopus.Coming back to the question: Will she strip for Spain? Well, Poonam has promised a surprise, but the fans may be impatient.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14620440", "title": "Bar association irked over registration rates", "text": "JAIPUR: Protesting against the recent state government order to increase the district lease committee (DLC) rates for registration of land, the district bar association went on an indefinite strike on Monday.Around 800 lawyers and other staff involved in land registry boycotted work claiming that the decision will cause huge financial burden on the common man. District bar association, president, Sunil Sharma, said, \"We want the state government to withdraw the decision as there is sudden increase in district lease committee (DLC). Now, the land owners have to pay three times to get the land registered hich is not justified.\"The lawyers claimed, on May 8 the state finance department issued a notification which reads the rates of agriculture land having area upto 1000 sq meter situated within the periphery areas of Municipal Corporation / Municipal Council / Jaipur Development Authority, Urban Improvement Trust and other local bodies upto the area of the master plan feasible for urbanization shall be equal to the rates determined after deduction the development charge from the rates of the residential land which have been reserved for the nearby colonies developed or regularized by the authority. District bar Association, general secretary, Raj Kumar said, \"The land owners paying in bigahs earlier for land registry have to pay in per square yard which will be a very costly affair. We strongly oppose the order as this will affect the common man harshly.\"The notification also reads, the rates of the agriculture land adjacent to National Highway, Mega Highway and state highway shall be equal to three times in case the land is situated upto 100 meters and two times incase the land is situated beyond the 100 meters and upto 500 meters from these highways normal rates of the agriculture land of the area should be charged.The lawyers have also shown apprehensions after the land registry is made expensive, the majority of land deals will be done on stamp papers and this will affect the legal advisor, deed rights , notary public income.It's also mentioned in the notification that the rates of land in the municipal areas shall be equal to the rate of residential price determined by the concerned local authority under the relevant rules for that area or the rates recommended by the DLC or the rates approved by the inspector-general of Stamps whichever is higher.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14621960", "title": "Cop's bike stolen in Kothrud", "text": "PUNE: In a case of police falling victim of theft, a motorcycle belonging to Ram Jadhav, senior inspector attached to the Dehu Road police station was allegedly stolen on June 14 when Jadhav's son had gone to Kothurd on the vehicle to attend his tuition.Jadhav's son Amar has lodged the complaint with the Kothrud police station after he found that the motorcycle was not at the place where he had parked it. The Kothrud police searched the motorcycle in the area and checked on some suspected vehicle thieves, but could not trace the vehicle.Speaking to TOI, Jadhav said Amar, a third year engineering student, had gone to Kothrud for his tuition on June 14 around 5 pm. \"He had parked the vehicle in the parking lot. When he returned after the tuition was over around 7 pm, the motorcycle was not at the place,\" Jadhav said.Initially, Amar thought it may have been taken away by the traffic police. He checked with the traffic police but could not find it. \"He then lodged the complaint with the Kothrud police,\" Jadhav said.Assistant inspector A D Walambe of the Kothrud police said the police have questioned suspected vehicle thieves. \"We are working on the case,\" Walambe said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14617072", "title": "Women swimmers face bias tide", "text": "HYDERABAD: At the National (Junior) Aquatic Championship held in Bhopal last year, five of the medal winners were girls from AP. The victories not just made the state proud but also pushed the team's ranking as the sixth best in India. Unfortunately, such records could soon be history considering the increasing drop in number of female swimmers, especially in Hyderabad. Reason? Disinterest among local sports authorities in hiring women coaches and introducing flexible timings for women swimming enthusiasts. At present none of the seven Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation-run pools in the city has a woman coach. It comes as no surprise that the total number of women members here is just about 100.While officials hide behind the lack of women experts as the reason for this imbalance, those in the sport have a different story to narrate. According to them, it is part of the authority's cost-cutting measure. \"They prefer to hire a male coach who can train both men and women. That way they can avoid paying an additional salary to a woman coach who can train only women,\" explained Meenakshi Tanwar, a national-level swimmer from the city, who now coaches people privately. She even rubbished the officials' claims about women not taking up professional courses to qualify as coaches. \"The bias is all-pervasive. That is why I never enrolled myself for any such course. Nobody, particularly in Hyderabad, is interested in employing women as swimming coaches,\" Tanwar, who was incidentally turned down by GHMC, said.The result of this is reflected in the poor female membership in most of these pools. Apart from the corporation's Ameerpet and Secunderabad pools, the rest have few or no women swimmers. Right from the one at Sanathnagar to those spread across Vijaynagar Colony, Moghulpura, Amberpet and Chandulal Baradari, the situation is much the same. While coaches here say they have tried to bring the matter to the notice of GHMC officials, their requests have clearly fallen on deaf ears.\"Not just about women coaches, we have also tried speaking to the management about extending the timings for women from the existing 3-4 pm. This slot is not convenient for any working woman,\" rued O Viranand, a coach for 20 years. He currently trains at the GHMC pool in Sanathnagar that has no female members. The total strength here is over 300.That timing is an issue is something even Kreeti Saxena agrees. The director of Aqua Technique, a company that deals with maintenance of pools, pointed out how she is flooded with calls from women every day enquiring about pools with early morning/late evening shifts and female instructors. \"Unfortunately both are missing in the city. The affluent lot join clubs and hotels, but those not so fortunate have no place to go,\" Saxena said.Authorities, however, maintain that the city is starved of trained female coaches. \"Female swimmers are rarely interested in pursuing coaching as a career. After Intermediate, they opt for some IT course and later take up a better paying corporate job. There is nothing we can do about it,\" said M Ramakrishna, joint secretary of Swimming Federation of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14634489", "title": "An evening of Blues at Someplace Else", "text": "It was an evening of Blues at Someplace Else, The Park, on Saturday, with Ehsaan and Loy jamming with The Saturday Night Blues Band.Expectation ran high amid those who thronged the pub and by the time they started, the place was already brimming with an enthusiastic crowd.\"It's always great to play in this city,\" said Loy. The guitar chords ripped through the air as the crowd jived and head-banged to the beat. We spotted guitarist Sumit Ramachandran enjoying the show. \"There is nothing like the music scene in Kolkata,\" said Namrata, who had come down from Delhi with buddy Siddharth. \"Kolkata is still one of the best cities in the country for music enthusiasts,\" said Siddharth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14620670", "title": "Sub-inspector\u2019s son commits suicide", "text": "CHENNAI: The 19-year-old son of a special sub-inspector, Louis Kumar, committed suicide by hanging himself at his house in Nungambakkam on Sunday night. Police said Kumar, a student of Loyola college was the son of Sebastine, a special sub inspector attached with Teynampet traffic police. His friends said he was a brilliant student. Police suspect that he was disheartened by a failed love affair. However, he did not leave behind any suicide note.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14635787", "title": "Online activists demand rationalised autorikshaw fares in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: Demanding rationalised autorikshaw fares in Chennai, online activists in the city have launched a signature campaign.Demanding immediate action from the state transport commissionerate, the campaign has received more than 1,500 signatures. They plan to get 2,500 signatures.The campaign demands the state transport department to regulate fares of autorickshaws and create a system for updating fare structures. It suggests the implementation of an alternative method like a rate card which will benefit commuters as well as auto drivers even during fluctuating fuel prices. The campaign demands the government to set up a helpline to report violations and ensure strict enforcement.Chennai has been notorious for its autorickshaws whose drivers fleece passengers, charging more than Rs 25 per km. Even though there have been several rounds of hikes in the fuel prices, autorickshaw fares haven't been revised in the last five years. This allows drivers to cite the price increase and fleece more. Activists feel this has resulted in considerable inconvenience to commuters who depend on autorickshaws for their transport needs as well to autorickshaw drivers. \"Most auto drivers never go by the meter and demand exorbitant fares. This unfair pricing affects commuters who end up being harassed,\" says the petition.According to a recent study commissioned by the state government, 72% of Chennai's auto rides are short distance, about 5km. With such a large possible rider clientele, it should be right to expect the average daily trip distance to be far in excess of 100km.The study observes this as a major reason why other cities like Bangalore and Delhi have lesser auto charges as the average distance travelled per day is around 150km. Since the distance is less, charges are more and this leads to a cyclic problem.\"Another reason why auto fares as decided by the authorities tend be be so low is that the compensation per month is taken at 3,000 - 4,500/month, which is much lower compared to private car drivers, who earn a decent 7500 per month,\" said the study.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14626598", "title": "6000 flood victims evacuated by Army", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Army on Monday said it has already evacuated some 6,000 flood victims in Nalbari, Baksa, Barpeta and Sonitpur districts even as the situation continues to be grim in various parts of lower and central Assam.The Army, which has started its rescue operations since June 26, has deployed at least 7,000 personnel and some 400 engineers to carry out rescue operations in these districts. Helicopters have been pressed into service for reconnaissance of flood affected areas and to ascertain which places were critical and required evacuations on priority. Besides, choppers were also used to drop relief materials.\"We were prepared since May and carried out risk assessment of flood-prone areas in central and lower Assam. Priority was given to elderly, women and children. We have evacuated approximately 6,000 people from all these districts,\" said Maj-Gen R N Nair, GOC of 21 MTN DIV.On Sunday, too, some 82 people were rescued in Barpeta district by Army jawans deployed there. However, the army faced problems in some places as some people were adamant to leave their submerged houses even. The army has provided them with enough relief material, cooked food and medicine.\"We have no direct report of deaths as people were evacuated in time, before the water level rose more than 15 feet in some places. Our task forces are equipped with automatic boats, life jackets, medical aid and relief materials. We deployed our task forces in the six worst affected districts of Barpeta, Nalbari, Baksa, Kamrup (Rural), Darang and Sonitpur,\" added the GOC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14619584", "title": "BMC ignores tender PIL", "text": "The BMC has issued a work order for the purchase of 26 stationery items for civic school students despite an inquiry into tenders worth around Rs 179 crore. The MNS had filed a PIL against the tender process in HC in the Bombay HC.Thus the work order that was issued by the civic administration comes with a clause that states it's subject to the high court's order, which means that the contractors will not get paid unless the high court rules in favour of the tender process.Civic activists, however, slammed the BMC for issuing the work order at a time when the matter is sub-judice. Aftab Siddiqui, Bandra civic activist told TOI, \"It's is not fair at all, when the matter is in the court how can they issue a purchase order. If the court rules against the tender process they should insure that they get back the dues from the contractor. I can understand that civic school students have not yet got the stationary items but that does not give them the right to squander the public's money.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14635687", "title": "Do not associate 'Barfi' with disability, says Ranbir", "text": "In their forthcoming film, 'Barfi' actors Ranbir Kapoor and Priyanka Chopra play deaf-and-mute and autistic characters respectively, but they insist that the film is not about disability.The romantic comedy directed by Anurag Basu , revolves around a boy named Murphy (Ranbir), whom everyone calls Barfi. Always ready with a prank up his sleeve, he is quite the charmer even though he can neither speak nor listen. While Jhilmil (Priyanka) plays an autistic character in the film. The film also stars Tollywood actress Ileana D'Cruz.\"I would say that one should not associate this film with disability...this film is not about disability. It is a coincidence that these two characters are deaf, mute and one is autistic. But one will not feel that it is a disability film. Its about enjoying life, giving happiness, feeling love. Its a love story,\" Ranbir told reporters at the first look of 'Barfi'.\"If you see Ileana's character you will see eternal romance, if you see the love story between Priyanka and my character...its heartwarming. You will not feel that the film is about disability film or mentally challenged kind of..its not that,\" he said.On similar lines, Priyanka said, \"When we meet differently-abled people, or people who are special, we have a view point that they have a dark, sorrowful life we feel bad for them, it is not a film about that. There are people who smile, laugh, fall in love, enjoy..its that side of their life. So it is not about disability.\"\"I don't think after a point of time you will remember that these two characters have disabilities. The world created between these three characters (Ranbir, Priyanka and Illena) is just something we haven't seen before. Ranbir's character is adorable and sweet in the film,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "darjeeling/kolkata", "code": "14620161", "title": "Murder accused to fight GTA polls", "text": "Darjeeling/KOLKATA: The Gorkha Janmukti Morcha's list of candidates for the forthcoming Gorkhaland Territorial Administration election begins with its youth leader Dipan Mallay - one of the accused in the brutal, daylight murder of former Akhil Bharatiya Gorkha League chief Madan Tamang.Morcha chief Bimal Gurung personally announced Mallay's name on Monday - the only official candidate yet - taking even his party cadres by surprise.Mallay is still in jail custody. By announcing that he will fight the election from behind bars, Gurung is apparently trying to silence the thousands that had turned up spontaneously for Tamang's funeral.It also smacks of defiance against the Mamata Banerjee government that is pursuing the investigation into Tamang's brutal and public murder.Mallay's was the one name disclosed on Monday. The remaining 44 candidates - possibly Gurung among them - will be announced on Tuesday at Kalimpong after another round of discussion among the party's core and central committees.The election manifesto has also not been prepared, but sources said that priority would be given to development in the Hills.Speaking at a public meeting in Darjeeling, GJM president Bimal Gurung surprised the supporters and unit leaders by announcing Dipan Mallay's name as the first candidate.\"We have decided to field Mallay from the Chamong-Pokhriabong constituency. He will participate in the election from the jail. We know that Mallay is innocent and was arrested without any proof or reason,\" said Gurung.Mallay, the spokesperson of GJM youth wing, was arrested from his Pokhriabong residence on May 25, 2011, by CBI. He has been locked up in Darjeeling jail ever since.Mallay did not figure in the CID chargesheet that named 30 Morcha supporters. Later, Calcutta high court ordered a fresh investigation by CBI, which named Mallay as an accused.\"His family has faced a lot of hardship. The candidature has come as a relief to them and we feel they deserve this,\" Gurung said on Monday.Mallay is ailing and under treatment in jail, sources say.The Morcha chief also requested party leaders and supporters not to lobby for any individual candidate for the July 29 election. \"The people should have faith in us and our decision. We will analyze the pros and cons while selecting the names of the candidates. I request all our leaders and supporters not to jump into a lobbying exercise,\" said Gurung.Gurung slammed the opposition parties, saying: \"They are against GTA, on the one hand, but at the same time interested to contest the polls. I was surprised that they were the first to attend the all-party meeting convened by the district administration a few days back,\" he said.While CPM and Trinamool Congress have announced their participation, parties like CPRM and ABGL are yet to take a decision.Mallay has been charged under the following sections of the IPCSection 147/148: Rioting/rioting with deadly weaponsSection 149: Unlawful assemblySection 427: Mischief causing damage),Section 506: Criminal intimidationSection 302: MurderSection 120: ConspiracySection 34: Act done by several persons in furtherance of common intention.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14618294", "title": "Refunds ensure touts don\u2019t lose, sales net 100% profit", "text": "NEW DELHI: Railway ticket touting is a no-loss business, making it all the more alluring. While touts make at least 100% profit in case they sell the tickets to travellers, in the case of unsold tickets they get the tickets refunded.According to those in this business for years, touts prefer to get tickets from reservation counters for the sleeper class as ticket-checkers usually don't ask for identity proof if the passenger has the hardcopy of a confirmed sleeper class ticket. The touts book tickets on the trend of demand on particular routes.A few touts told TOI that in most of the tickets booked against fictitious names, they put 35 as the passenger's age. \"This is a safe standard and can cater to those in the age group of 30 and 45. So, they tap more customers and sell the tickets. Once the ticket is sold and handed over to a passenger, it's his/her responsibility. They have to pay a huge fine in case the ticket-checker catches them for travelling on another person's ticket,\" said a source in the railway ministry.Besides the passenger- and train-related information, the touts have to provide the applicant's name, address and phone number but do not have to show any proof.He added that this was perhaps the only business where the touts make profit no matter which way the demand swings. Sources said the business of illegal agents and touts is also high in smaller and unknown towns and these are the key support providers for touts in bigger cities where the demand is much more.Ticket booking agents said people are ready to take any risk, including impersonation, when tickets are normally unavailable. \"They want a valid ticket so that they can enter a coach and it's more during particular seasons,\" one of them said.Railway officials said that while during other seasons they try to manage by diverting bogies from one route to the other, during summer it becomes unmanageable every year. \"You have demands of tickets on all routes,\" said a senior official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "14617310", "title": "Five killed in road mishaps", "text": "GUNTUR: Three youths were killed when a bike rammed into an RTC bus at Jonnavalasa in Vizianagaram district on Monday.Sources said the youths were in an inebriated condition when they met with the accident.The trio, who hailed from Madhurawada in Vizag, were returning from Araku valley. The deceased were identified as M Badri, Mohd Hussain and Mohd Wahid.In another mishap at Boyapalem village in Edlapadu mandal in Guntur district, two persons died and 10 others were injured when their jeep was hit by a speeding lorry from behind.The jeep was carrying agriculture workers. The victims were identified as jeep driver Mallaiah and Rojamma of Narasaraopet. The condition of four of the injured is critical.In yet another accident at Karunagiri near Khammam, 15 students were injured when the school bus collided with a speeding truck.The entire front portion of the bus was crushed under the impact of the crash. \"It was a miraculous escape for the children,\" an eyewitness said.The injured students were shifted to the government hospital in Khammam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14619149", "title": "40 vehicles stolen in Delhi every day", "text": "NEW DELHI: Every day, more than 40 vehicles get stolen in Delhi. The city accounts for 9.7% of motor vehicle thefts in the country, second only to the much larger states of Uttar Pradesh (14.1%) and Maharashtra (12.7%), says the latest National Crime Records Bureau report.At 87.6 per one lakh population, Delhi also has a much higher rate as compared to the national rate of 12.5. Only 20% of these stolen vehicles are recovered, say cops.In 2011, 14,668 motor vehicles were stolen in Delhi, which is a marginal decrease from 2010's figure of 14,966. While 9,203 of these vehicles were two-wheelers, 5,050 were cars. Only about 2,957 of these vehicles were recovered, show Delhi Police statistics.Motor vehicle thefts comprise of 27% of the total IPC crimes in Delhi.The latest National Crime Records Bureau report says 'auto theft' in the country accounted for 44.4% (1,51,200 cases) of the total theft cases, which accounted for an increase of 2.5% in 2011 as compared to 2010 (1,47,475 cases). Theft other than automobiles has shown a declining trend of 0.7% from 1,82,837 (in 2010) to 1,89,600 (in 2011). The urban agglomeration centres accounted for 38.8% (67,880 out of 1,51,200 cases) of the total auto theft cases in the country.\"The acute shortage of parking space and the general practice of parking vehicles on roadsides, coupled with the indifference of a majority of motor vehicle owners towards installing anti-auto theft equipment, is a major contributory factor to these thefts,\" said a senior police officer.Many of the stolen vehicles are used by criminals in the commission of other crimes, making this a problem area for the police. Delhi Police has been sending out advisories to the public through advertisements and leaflets requesting vehicle owners to buy security gadgets. Repeat offenders are also a big reason for the alarming increase in motor vehicle thefts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14636278", "title": "B-schools at Rio+20", "text": "Organised in tandem with the much discussed United Nations Conference of Sustainable Development held recently in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil, the Principles for Responsible Management Education (PRME), an initiative of the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC), recently held its third edition of the Global Forum for Responsible Management Education. The event was a precursor to another UNGC initiative\u2014the Corporate Sustainability Forum.\"The third global forum provided a space to discuss and mobilise action around questions\u2014What is the role of management education in society for the future we want? Further, how can the PRME facilitate individual and systemic change within higher education as the community mobilises action toward achieving the Rio+20 vision on sustainable development?\", explains Jonas Haertle, head, PRME Secretariat, the organising body that comprises of members such as Graduate Management Admission Council, Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business, London based Association of MBAs, Association of African Business Schools and Association of Asia-Pacific Business Schools.This year's forum intended to provide an official platform to management-related higher education institutions at Rio+20 summit and was represented by leading business schools and universities worldwide. Together they created a roadmap for responsible management education which was later culminated into a series of measures to inject sustainability principles into management and business school curricula and announced at the corporate sustainability forum that followed.Heartle adds, \"Primarily, we intended to take stock of the PRME initiative, ensure that the voice of signatories is heard as genuine owners of the initiative, generate traction and outreach, and provide overall direction to the initiative.\"The resulting outcome culminated into the 'Rio Declaration on the Contribution of Higher Education Institutions and Management Schools to The Future We Want: A Roadmap for Management Education to 2020' with was accepted by the 300 leading business school and university from over 50 countries worldwide.It has been decided upon, through this declaration, to form a leadership group to incentivise the most engaged PRME signatory schools to go further in their implementation of sustainability principles; to delist those signatories that fail to regularly share information on progress made in implementing PRME; and to launch PRME regional chapters to better engage management education communities on a local level. The roadmap also included comprehensive anti-corruption guidelines for curriculum change; a report on fighting poverty through management education and a gender equality global resource repository. These have been presented to UN Secretary General at the Rio+20.Haertle elaborates, \"The private sector has a critical role to play in this endeavour, and is increasingly putting sustainability - defined as a company's delivery of long-term value in economic, social and environmental terms - on its agenda. Through the UN Global Compact alone, over 6,000 companies have committed to conduct business in line with human rights, labour, environment, and anti-corruption principles.Speakers at the forum included diplomats such as Henrietta Elizabeth Thompson, UN assistant secretary general, Georg Kell, executive director of UN Global Compact, Antonio Cesar Russi Callegari, secretary of basic education, ministry of education, Republic of Brazil and Nancy McGaw, founding member of PRME and deputy director, Aspen Institute Business and Society Programme. Academicians such as Angel Cabrera, president-elect of George Mason University and former dean of IE Business School and Kai Hockerts, professor, social entrepreneurship at Copenhagen Business School also contributed to the historical forum.\"Business schools and universities have a unique role to train current and future generations to lead this process. However, as a global sector, management education must make considerable change to be at the forefront of innovation and progress for sustainable development,\" he concludes.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14625086", "title": "More Marathi than Konkani schools get DoE nod", "text": "PANAJI: Some 21 new primary schools, most of them in the Marathi medium, have been approved by the government for the academic year 2012-13.Directorate of education (DoE) received 78 applications for opening of new Konkani/Marathi primary schools, the deadline for which ended on June 26.DoE sources said most of the remaining applications are also likely to be approved. \"According to procedure, applications are first made to DoE. We then send them to the additional district education inspectors, who have to submit a factual report to DoE within 24 hours. Based on the reports-verifying the facts in the proposal-approval to the schools is granted,\" the education official said.On a preliminary check, reports of all of 78 applicants seem to indicate that they are eligible for approval, sources said. \"All the schools seem to meet the requirements as of now. They will be granted approval within this week,\" the source said.\"The 21 schools that have been granted approval are eligible to open from the very next day of approval,\" the source said.The state government policy states that new schools are usually granted approval to open based on their distance from existing government and government-aided schools so that new schools do not poach students from existing primaries.The state government temporarily relaxed the criteria at the beginning of this academic year, where the distance criterion was relaxed as a one-time concession for Konkani and Marathi schools. The idea was to patronize primary schools imparting education in the mother tongue. The state, on parents' demand, decided to continue giving grants to 127 government-aided schools that switched over to English medium. This decreased the number of primary schools imparting education in the mother tongue.InfographicOf 78 applications received by DoE, 21 have been approvedThe remaining schools meet the requirements and will be granted approval soonMost proposals are for opening schools in interior areas of Loliem, Chorao, Korgao, Durbhat, KavlemMost applicants are societies or trusts already running schools and have the infrastructure and the required experience", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "bangalore/mumbai", "code": "14619598", "title": "Ascendas to buy Shriram SEZ for 500cr", "text": "Bangalore/MUMBAI: Singapore-listed technology park developer Ascendas is likely to acquire an IT special economic zone of Shriram Properties in Chennai for about Rs 500 crore, said two banking sources briefed on the matter. Ascendas, which owns a string of business parks in India, is said to have pipped competing offers from other global investors Tishmen Speyer, Xander Group and Mapletree, a real estate arm of Temasek.Shriram Properties is the privately held real estate unit of the $9-billion southern conglomerate Shriram Group. Ascendas fired the top bid for the 1.3 million sq ft special economic zone, which counts Accenture and Mahindra Satyam among others as tenants, and is part of a large integrated township located near the Chennai international airport. The SEZ has potential to develop 3.2 million sq ft business space due to be completed in the next two years. Ascendas is expected to clinch a deal only for the already tenanted space and won't have any right of first refusal for the development in the pipeline, said one of the sources mentioned earlier.Shriram Properties MD M Murali did not respond to repeated calls from this newspaper. Shriram's IT SEZ is part of a larger mixed use development on a 58 acre land, which it had bought from Standard Motors Factory in 2006.Ascendas India Trust (a-iTrust), listed on the Singapore Stock Exchange , owns marquee technology parks in Bangalore, Chennai and Hyderabad. It has 92% stake in International Technology Park Bangalore ( ITPB) and 89% stake in International Technology Park Chennai ( ITPC), with the state governments being minority investors in both the projects. a-iTrust, which builds and operates business parks, is the only listed Indian property fund for global investors.The latest deal is part of the global investor interest in Indian business spaces catering to technology clients. Private equity firm Blackstone Group acquired 1.8 million sq ft technology SEZ of real estate developer DLF in Pune for Rs 810 crore last year. It also struck a similar sized investment deal with Embassy Group for one of the largest IT SEZs in Bangalore. Private equity firms and global investment houses are allocating a part of their portfolio to risk free income yielding assets, such as IT business parks, which provide 9% to 12% assured returns besides providing capital value appreciation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14620984", "title": "Upset over wife and son\u2019s death, man commits suicide", "text": "CHENNAI: A 30-year-old man in Chromepet committed suicide on Monday soon after completing the last rites of his wife and son who died in a road accident on Saturday.Rajendran, a driver of a school van, used his wife's saree to hang himself, police said. A resident of Purananooru Street in Anna Nagar, Rajendran and his wife Nithya Kalyani had celebrated their son Vedasri's first birthday on Saturday. They were on their way to the house of Kalyani's parents to show the birthday album when a car hit their bike. Kalyani and Vedasri died on the spot.Rajendran, who saw his family die in front of his eyes, completed the last rites of his wife and son on Sunday evening. Police said relatives got an inkling that Rajendran, who remained inconsolable, may do something drastic, and they kept a watch on him.On Monday morning, after taking bath, Rajendran went into his room and asked his relatives to leave as he wanted to change his clothes. He never returned. Relatives later found him hanging.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14622494", "title": "Three quacks held by police", "text": "MADURAI: District police arrested three quacks in a special exercise carried out by the department on Sunday. Madurai SP, V Balakrishnan ordered the exercise to monitor the activities of 13 quacks who were booked by the police during the last two years in the district limits and also to find out if there were more people involved in practicing medicine without any qualification.Based on his orders, 44 special teams were formed with each team for a police station and the teams combed the entire district in which they received complaints against 11 persons. When the police verified the credentials of all 11, eight of them produced certificates of different medical streams like siddha, unani, ayurveda etc while three of them had no qualification to practice medicine at all. Interestingly, among the quacks, there was also a woman who had just completed 10th standard.Investigation revealed that Samshat Banu (33) from Avaniapuram had completed her SSLC and had worked couple of years at a private hospital where she learned the techniques of administering injections and medicines. She later opened a clinic at Meenakshi Nagar in Villapuram where the police found that she was treating the local people. She had run her clinic successfully for almost three years before ending up in police net.The other two arrested, Vivulan (35) from Karupayurani and Arumugam, from Meenakshipuram are graduates with science background. is a BSc graduate in Microbiology and worked some years in a clinical laboratory. Later, he opened a medical shop in Kalmedu area and was treating the patients in a room adjacent to his medical shop.The quacks were booked on charges of cheating and under 15 (2) (B) of Tamil Nadu Medical Council Act.\"We wanted to check if the quacks, who were booked earlier are still practicing and found these three people without any medical qualification, as fresh cases. All the three have been arrested and remanded,\" Balakrishnan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14619987", "title": "Air pollution? Transport sector to blame", "text": "BANGALORE: A whopping 67% of emission in Bangalore is caused by the transport sector. Over the past decade, dozens of global studies have shown that spending time in close proximity to heavy traffic, especially diesel truck traffic, is associated with a wide range of morbidity effects, as well as increased mortality.Importantly, diesel exhaust particulate was declared a toxic air contaminant in 1998 and subsequently, in June 2012, World Health Organisation (WHO) classified diesel exhaust as carcinogenic.According to the Karnataka State Pollution Control Board, the main contributor of NOx in the air is the transport sector in Bangalore. While diesel-run vehicles release high quantities of Particulate Matter (PM) and NOx in the air, petrol vehicles emit higher carbon monoxide and hydrocarbons into the air.Bangalore has now moved to Euro-IV equivalent vehicle emission norms and fuel quality, but keeping the high pollution levels in mind, Euro-VI norms perhaps need to come in, noted experts. \"India needs to establish a road map to early Euro VI implementation. The local supplemental emission requirements should be considered especially if national programme improvements are likely to take time. Euro VI buses have 80% lower NOx limit and 50 % lower PM limit,\" said Michael Walsh , Board chairman of The International Council on Clean Transportation (ICCT).\"Advancement of vehicular emission norms could be the key to reduce emissions from newer vehicles and the noose on older vehicle emissions can be tightened with better regulatory and enforcement mechanism,\" said AS Sadashivaiah, chairman of KSPCB.TERI official Sumit Sharma said commercial vehicles' fleet needs to be modernized.The experts had gathered at a civic forum jointly organized by The Energy and Resources Institute (TERI), ICCT and KSPCB. The workshop discussed the need to shift to cleaner and more efficient fuel sources.What is NOx?Nitrogen oxides (NOx) are waste gases which lead to acid rain and increased concentrations of ground-level ozone. Emissions may have harmful effects on the eco system and vegetation in addition to being hazardous to people's health.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14627040", "title": "Rural students dominate Tamil Nadu Agricultural University rank list", "text": "COIMBATORE: Rural students dominated the rank list of Tamil Nadu Agricultural University (TNAU) as the first day of counselling took place on Monday. MR Dinesh of Tirupur and C Deepika of Sivagiri in Erode district took the first and third rank respectively. The second rank went to Chennai-based CV Gayathri. \"It is true that rural students dominated the list,\" said a source while refusing to elaborate.Counselling was held in two sessions - morning and evening. Of the 117 students admitted on the first day of counselling, 90 opted for BSc Agriculture. As many as five students including Dinesh opted for BTech in biotechnology. BTech in energy and environmental engineering was the second most popular course with as many as 14 students opting for the course on the first day.A total of 19,443 applications have been sold and 16,017 filled-in applications were received. Of this, 13,749 applications under academic stream and 1,954 under vocational stream were eligible.Dinesh told TOI that he was in a jubilant mood. \"Medicine is still my first choice. I have a cut off of 198.25 and I am keeping my fingers crossed. Studying at Madras Medical College has always been a dream, but I want a plan B. That's why I have chosen to study BTech at TNAU,\" he said.Dinesh's inspiration has been his parents and teachers. \"I have always been a good student,\" he said. A voracious reader, Dinesh has already completed the Harry Potter series and is looking out for another series to dig into. \"I also love Chetan Bhagat novels,\" he said. Dinesh graduated from Nyruthi Matriculation Higher Secondary School in Tirupur, where he hails from.Gayathri has scored 1,177 marks in Plus Two. She is a student of DAV School in Chennai though her family hails from elsewhere. She plans to write the civil service exams and that might tip her choice in favour of choosing BSc Agriculture over a career in medicine.C Deepika with a cut off of 197.75 scored third rank. Hailing from Sivagiri in Erode district, Deepika also plans to study BSc Agriculture as she wants to write the civil services exams. She said her teachers were the inspiration for her to study well. \"My hobbies include reading books. I read whatever I can lay my hands on,\" she told TOI. She is a student of SSV Matriculation Higher Secondary School at Sivagiri.Speaking to TOI, A Raja Rajan, dean, agriculture, tried to analyse the trend in the choices students make. \"This year too, like previous years, students chose BSc Agriculture. It was the most popular choice as 90 out of 117 students chose it. Only 27 seats were taken up by other courses. This is because it is easy to find a job after studying BSc Agriculture. Many students studying the course also prepare for civil services. It is also easy for these students to branch out into other advanced academic programmes,\" Raja Rajan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14621901", "title": "Labourer electrocuted in Bhosari MIDC", "text": "PUNE: A 21-year-old labourer was electrocuted after he fell from his cycle and came into contact with a DP box of the MSEDCL near Bhosari MIDC on Sunday night. The Bhosari MIDC police said Saroj Shriniwas Sahu, a resident of Bhosari, was returning home on his bicycle after finishing his work when the incident took place around 8 pm on Sunday. Sahu worked in a company at Bhosari MIDC.On Sunday evening, following the rains, potholes in the Bhosari MIDC area were filled with water. When Sahu reached the restaurant at Sector 10 of Bhosari MIDC , he lost his balance after his bicycle hit a pothole. He fell, hit the DP box, and was electrocuted.Local residents rushed him to the Yashwantrao Chavan memorial hospital, where he wad declared dead on arrival. The police have registered a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14621810", "title": "Online verification of caste certificate from August", "text": "PUNE: State minister for social justice Shivajirao Moghe on Monday announced that an online system to speed up verification and issuing of caste certificates will be started by the end of August this year. The certificate is required during admission for schools, colleges for reserved seats, elections and while availing government schemes.Addressing a news conference here, Moghe said, \"The application procedure for caste certificate and its verification is on the same lines as the passport issuing system. The social justice office will hire some people on contract basis to receive documents required for caste certificate, and to process and verify and issue the certificates.\"Citizens, who need the caste certificates, will apply online and furnish scanned copies of the documents required to be submitted. If all the documents are in order, the certificate will be issued but if there are doubts, the person concerned would be asked to come to the designated office with original copies of the documents for further verification.Every district has a caste certificate verification committee, which verifies the certificate on the basis of documents submitted after their authenticity. Moghe said, \"The caste certificate verification process is time-consuming and we wish to reduce it and make the procedure error-free.\"The social justice department has also decided to select needy people through draw of lots for disbursing loans offered by various development corporations constituted for backward classes. These people are economically underprivileged and have limited resources.Moghe said the government provides financial assistance to those people who can start their own businesses. \"But, the procedure for selection is affected by corruption and favouritism and genuine people usually do not get the benefits of government schemes. The draw of lots from the needy people will eliminate favoritism,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14619369", "title": "School told to release poor students' marksheets", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court has directed the Chembur English School to release the SSC marksheets and school leaving certificates of three under privileged students so that they can seek admission to college.Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar were hearing a contempt of court petition filed by parents of SC/ST students, after 14 kids were denied entry to the school since June 22. Three others students also complained the school had witheld their SSC marksheets and school leaving certificates. The school's conduct had drawn the judge's ire at the previous hearing.School's counsel Rafiq Dada said it was the government that was in contempt of the court's order (April 28, 2011), directing it to release reimbursement of fees and arrears since 2007. \"The school will be shut down if it does not receive the fees,\" said Dada, adding it was a minority-unaided school. Upset with the state, the judges refused to hear out additional government pleader Sindha Sridharan. Petitioners' advocate Gayatri Singh said the state had admitted in its affidavit to release only a fraction of money, as directed by the HC.\"This is forcing the school to attempt to recover money from parents,\" said Singh.Dada suggested that till the PIL was disposed of, a mid-way arrangement could be arrived at, but Singh said with most parents being domestic helps, vendors and labourers, \"parents may have to take loans...\" or sell jewellery like other parents did\".The judges directed that the parents should pay Rs 400 as monthly fees and the school must allow the students to attend classes.The judges also directed the state to take steps to protect the seats of the students who were unable to take admissions due to the withholding of their certificates.The court will hear the contempt petition against the State government on July 5, 2012.The judges also requested advocate Uday Warunjikar, office-bearer of Bar Council of Maharashtra and Goa, to explore possibilities of lawyers supporting the education of these under priviledged children as done by lawyers in the Ahmedabad HC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14625175", "title": "HC orders Rs 10L for acid attack victim", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab and Haryana high court on Monday directed the Haryana government to pay Rs 10 lakh to an acid attack victim, Prerna, who was among the three injured in an acid attack incident that occurred in Rohtak last year.Justice M M S Bedi also asked the state government to assess more expenditure, if required, for her treatment and inform the court on July 30. Importantly, the HC had already directed the state government to pay Rs 5 lakh each to all the three victims of the acid attack that had taken place in June last year. The state government on Monday informed the HC that it had already paid compensation to all the three victims as per the HC's earlier orders. Importantly, CBI had recently taken over investigation of the case following high court directions. The agency would also be investigating allegations of exonerating leveled against Haryana police cops in the incident.On June 18, 2011, three minor girls - Urvashi, Yashika and Prerna - had suffered burn injuries when two youths threw acid on them while they were riding a two-wheelers in Sector 3, Rohtak. The girls, two of them students of class X, while the third a class XII student, were returning after attending tuition classes when the incident happened.The two youths, who were waiting along the roadside near a turn in Sector 3, threw acid on the three causing burn injuries on the faces and thighs of Urvashi and Yashika. Prerna had suffered burns on her thigh and stomach.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "14625579", "title": "Pak, US hold talks over Nato routes", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan and the US on Monday held crucial talks on ending a six month blockade of supplies to foreign troops in Afghanistan but failed to take a final decision on reopening the supply lines closed after a Nato attack.Foreign office spokesman Moazzam Khan was quoted by state-run media as saying that a final decision had not been made.Khan said talks between Pakistan and the US on the issue will continue.The Pakistani delegation was led by foreign minister Hina Rabbani Khar while deputy secretary of State Thomas Nides headed the US team.The American team has held talks with Pakistan's military and political leadership on various issues, including the Nato supply routes, spokesman Khan said.It is the desire of both countries to normalize their relations at the earliest and \"positive progress\" has been made in this regard, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "14623235", "title": "Widow, kids hacked to death in Keonjhar district", "text": "KEONJHAR:A tribal man was arrested on Monday for allegedly murdering a widow and her two children at Ranki village near Keonjhar town.Police said the accused, 26-year-old Tukuna Munda, had hacked the victims to death with an axe on Sunday night. The deceased were identified as Puna Munda (40), her five-year-old son Rugudu and two-year-old daughter Meena.SDPO (Sadar) D C Puhan said, \"The cause of the triple murder is previous enmity. Tukuna and Puna always used to quarrel over petty matters. We have arrested Tukuna and seized the murder weapon from him. Further investigation is going on.\"Residents of Ranki said Tukuna had assaulted Puna two days ago. The woman had lodged a police complaint but no action was taken. Livid over the complaint, the accused drank liquor and then hacked the victims one by one. \"If police had taken immediate action after the woman's complaint, then the murders could have been avoided,\" a villager said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14619612", "title": "250 industrial units get pollution notices", "text": "GURGAON: Gurgaon's pollution board has issued notices to around 250 industrial units here that have failed to renew their annual consent-to-operate certificates as yet. Department officials say that hefty fines, and even licence cancellations, would be imposed on the defaulters once the extended deadline of July 31 is reached.\"We have received many applications for renewal of certificates already from Gurgaon. A majority of units have been covered. But some are yet to apply, and they have all been issued with notices,\" said Balraj Singh, district pollution officer for Gurgaon at the Haryana State Pollution Control Board (HSPCB).Singh said that the representatives of the highly-polluting segment of industries in Gurgaon have also been asked to submit bank-guarantees between Rs 1 lakh to Rs 5 lakh, depending on the scale of production.\"If their effluent samples don't match up to the board's pollution control standards, they will have to forfeit the bank-guarantee amount,\" he said.The board categorizes industries using colour codes - green for non-polluting; orange for moderate type; and red for the highly-polluting. \"Along with their consent-to-operate renewal forms, industries that figure in the orange and red categories are supposed to submit their effluent samples, which will be checked for pollutants by our registered labs,\" the official added.Officials say that as of now the data on orange- or red-factories in Gurgaon is currently being updated, but previously it has been stated that the city contains close to 80 highly-polluting units.Earlier this year, the Panchkula headquarters of the HSPCB had proposed installing webcams inside industrial units for real-time monitoring of effluent treatment plants. Officials had also hinted at making this a yearly contract requirement. But no such orders have been issued in Gurgaon and Manesar as yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "14625797", "title": "Three youth nabbed with fake currency worth over Rs 3 lakh in Umarkhed", "text": "YAVATMAL: Umarkhed police on Sunday evening nabbed three youth at forest check post in Umarkhed and seized fake currency notes worth Rs3.75 lakh from them.According to SDPO Jagdev Akhare, he got a tip off from one Mayur Shrirang Kamble, a resident of Pusad town, about two youths who were heading towards Umarkhed from Nanded with fake currency notes that were to be handed over to him through their counterpart in Umarkhed.Akhare rushed to Umarkhed along with the police team led by Umarkhed police station officer Dnyaneshwar Kadu and laid a trap at the forest check post. When the accused youth, Moinuddin Sheikh Fakiruddin (30) and Sheikh Mosin Sheikh Mozmil (25), both residents of Himayat Nagar of Nanded district, approached the check post, the police team interrogated them. They were found to be carrying fake currency notes of Rs100 and Rs500 denominations, amounting to Rs74,300. They admitted that the fake currency was to be delivered to Kamble through their Umarkhed counterpart, Sheikh Kasim Sheikh Misa.After confiscating the fake currency and Rs700, the trio was arrested in Umarkhed and an offence under section 489 (A) of IPC was registered against them. On further interrogation, the trio confessed to have struck a deal with Kamble for delivering fake currency notes worth Rs3.75 lakh in return of Rs1 lakh original currency notes.The trio was produced before the court on Monday and granted police custody remand. Umarkhed PSO Dnyaneshwar Kadu is investigating further.It may be noted that a number of fake currency cases have been detected in Yavatmal and Kalamb in the last six months, involving accused mostly from West Bengal. One of the accused arrested in Yavatmal city had online remitted the amount he got in exchange of fake currency from SBI main branch to SBI account in West Bengal. On checking the counter foil, cops traced the account number of the mastermind in West Bengal but, surprisingly, not been able to find the kingpin.SP Ranjankumar Sharma on Monday said that the investigation team sent to West Bengal returned empty-handed. Expressing his helplessness, he said that a breakthrough can be made only if the cases are handed over to the SID or ATS (Anti terrorist Squad), adding that it is a national-level racket and that his jurisdiction is limited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "14620354", "title": "Bhanwari case: Runaway Jakhar runs out of luck, rearrested", "text": "JODHPUR: The Rajasthan Police on Monday rearrested Kailash Jakhar, accused of disposing of nurse Bhanwari Devi's body after she was kidnapped and murdered last year. He was picked up from Sujangarh in Churu district. Jakhar had escaped from the Rajasthan High Court in Jodhpur on June 14 after a shootout between his accomplices and the police.A police officer said Jakhar was hiding in a small village surrounded by sand dunes near Sujangarh. He was arrested along with his accomplice Trilok Jat. Jakhar's arrest comes as a major relief for the police and the CBI as his escape was a major setback to the case in which trial will begin from July 5.Jakhar, a member of Bishnaram Bishnoi gang, allegedly disposed of the nurse's body after Soharabuddin, Baldev Jat and Sohan Lal kidnapped and murdered her allegedly at the behest of former minister Mahipal Maderna and Congress legislator Malkhan Singh Bishnoi on September 1 last year. The trio had handed over the body to Bishnaram and Jakhar who had allegedly burnt it. Jodhpur police commissioner Bhupendra Dak said Jakhar was arrested after they were tipped off about his presence in the area on Sunday.\"Jodhpur police commissioner Bhupendra Dak said Jakhar was arrested after they were tipped off about his presence in the area on Sunday.\"We formed a special team, which rushed to the spot on Sunday afternoon. The team initially gathered information and zeroed in on the village some 5 km from the main road connecting Dungargarh and Bidasar near Sujangarh and pounced upon the two,\" Dak said.\"Though there was minor resistance, but the special team managed to overpower them and brought them to Jodhpur. They are in police custody and will be produced in court on Tuesday. The police will seek further custody of the duo to conduct the probe.''IGP (Jodhpur Range) D K Jain said the police have almost cracked the escape drama and identified the key players behind this episode. ``But we cannot disclose the details till certain things are confirmed.''The police had undertaken a massive search operation to arrest Jakhar in Jodhpur, Barmer and Bikaner districts besides sending teams to Gujarat, Karnataka and Orissa.A cash reward of Rs 50,000 was announced for any information leading to Jakhar's arrest. A separate award of Rs 1,000 each was announced for those who helped him escape.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14622810", "title": "Low voltage trips AC comfort", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Besides outages, low voltage and fluctuations, too, are annoying residents of various sectors of the city.\"Voltage fluctuation is a big problem. The UT electricity department must strengthen its infrastructure so that it can deal with the increasing demand,\" said R K Garg, social activist and resident of Sector 19. The residents of the area have also written a letter to the UT administrator in this regard.\"Fluctuations have been troubling us since last week. We usually keep our air-conditioners and other electrical appliances off so that these do not conk out,\" said Megha, a resident of Sector 45.Suresh Kumar of Sector 11 said, \"We prefer spending our evenings and nights out as voltage in our area keeps fluctuating.\"Manoj Kumar , a resident of Dhanas, said, \"The problem has been annoying us since two weeks. We had even visited the complaint centre, but nothing has been done till date.\"\"Scheduled cuts, Unscheduled cuts and voltage problem, the power woes of residents are only increasing,\" said Manu Malhotra, a resident of Sector 40.Superintending engineer of MC electricity wing could not be contacted despite repeated attempts. The worst hit areas are sectors 11, 15, 24, Dhanas, 38, 39, 40, 46, 47, 45, and 51.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14636295", "title": "The Amazing Spider-Man creates box office history", "text": "The Amazing Spider-Man posted the highest opening in history for a Hollywood film in India, setting several records and, once again, comprehensively consolidating Spider-Man's position as India's favourite superhero by far.The film grossed approximately Rs 34 crore (approx $6m) in its three day opening weekend starting 29 June with a record 1236 prints released in four languages - English, Hindi, Tamil and Telugu and in 3D, 2D and IMAX formats. The film also posted record-breaking highs for each day - Friday, Saturday and Sunday respectively.Kercy Daruwala, Managing Director, Sony Pictures India says, \"Spider-Man is the most consistently successful movie franchise in India and it's great to see that five years since the last movie, and with a whole new cast and storyline, the franchise is going from strength to strength. What's important to note is that a significant part of the box office has come from smaller centres as we have leveraged our strength in distributing and marketing this film across the country.\"The film also got rave reviews with some critics calling it the best Spider-Man film yet. \"Houseful boards across the country this past weekend have meant that many people have not had a chance to see the film yet. That, along with great reviews and word of mouth, leads us to expect to continue this performance over the weeks to come,\" said Daruwala.A sequel, The Amazing Spider-Man 2 has already been announced for release in May 2014.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14621703", "title": "General body wants ban on plastic carry bags enforced", "text": "PUNE: The general body of Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) on Monday directed the civic administration to strictly implement the ban on plastic carry bags imposed in 2010.However, the general body decided to keep pending the proposal that fixed the amount to be charged from people seeking such carry bags from shops.The civic administration mooted a proposal to fix rates for plastic carry bags having thickness of above 50 micron. A rate card of charges according to their thickness, size and shape was given. This came up for discussions on Monday.\"Right now, giving an alternative to plastic carry bags is a problem, so many still use them. If there is a high charge, it will prove a deterrent. So the proposal prescribing rates for plastic carry bags was tabled before the house,\" said deputy commissioner Suresh Jagtap.A majority of corporators cutting across party lines demanded that the proposal be taken back by the civic administration, as implementation of the proposal will be harmful for environment.Arvind Shinde, Congress leader in PMC, said that fixing a price for the plastic carry bags will send a wrong signal. \"The proposal has not been drafted properly. Manufactures of the bags will get a chance to promote their business. A wrong message will be sent if the proposal is approved and it will promote use of plastic carry bags,\" he said.Ashok Yenpure, leader of Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) in PMC, gave a supplementary stating that PMC should continue to act on the previous decisions related to the ban. \"The general body in 2010 had decided that all types of plastic carry bags should be banned. So civic authorities should strict implement that decision. The proposal to fix the rates of carry bags should be kept on hold,\" the supplementary given by Yenpure read. It was approved by the general body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14622141", "title": "Nitish Kumar ducks acerbic remarks by RSS men", "text": "PATNA: Ignoring the caustic comments by some RSS leaders over his 'secular PM' remark, Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar said on Monday that his party JD (U) has nothing to do with RSS.The CM was, however, happy that his interview in the Economic Times triggered a political debate in the country. In the interview, he had demanded that the BJP leadership declare its candidate for Prime Minister and stressed that the candidate should enjoy secular credentials, clearly indicating that Gujarat CM Narendra Modi was unacceptable to his party.This had prompted the RSS chief, Mohan Bhagwat, to join the debate and ask why a 'Hindutwavadi' should not be the PM. That was a clear indication that the RSS fully backed Modi. Echoing Bhagwat's views, a Sangh veteran, M G Vaidya, in an article in RSS mouthpiece, Organiser, said, \"If he (Nitish) wants to sever his party's ties with the NDA, he can do it, any time.\"Nitish refused to comment on these remarks, but said it was not the first time he had been targeted by the saffron outfits. He reminded that when he spoke in the Lok Sabha in favour of reservation for Dalit Muslims and Christians, the entire BJP had criticized him.Saying he was not bothered over what the RSS people were saying, he said his party has alliance with the BJP, and in Bihar the coalition government had been formed on the basis of a common minimum programme and with the agreement that controversial issues like Article 377, common civil code and Ayodhya would not come in the way of their ties.\"I have expressed my views and there is no change in my stand. They are free to say what they want. This has generated a debate which is good for politics and democracy,\" Nitish said.On being asked about consulting the Ahmedabad-based Centre for Environmental Planning and Technology University for preparing a master plan for Patna's town planning schemes, Nitish shot back, \"So what if we consulted a Gujarat consultant? We are not allergic to Gujarat.\" He went on to say that Gujarat has produced many icons like Mahatma Gandhi and Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, and Lord Krishna spent time there. Gujarat is a developed state since long.\"The CM defended the writings of former President APJ Abdul Kalam about the dissolution of Bihar assembly and the then PM Atal Bihari Vajpayee's discomfort over the President's visit to riot-torn Gujarat. He said UPA should apologize for the dissolution of the Bihar assembly in February 2005 before it was constituted. He added his protest at that time has only been vindicated by Kalam.On Kalam's comments on Vajpayee, the CM said it was a matter between the then President and the then PM. There was no witness to what transpired between the two. Only they can say anything about it, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "14631752", "title": "China permits lesbians to donate blood", "text": "BEIJING: China has lifted a 14-year-old ban on lesbians from donating blood, while still barring gays, thought of as a high-risk group for AIDS transmission, from doing so.The Whole Blood and Component Donor Selection Requirements, released by the ministry of health last year, amended the provision which had forbidden homosexuals from giving blood.The new rule now does not mention homosexual identity, only stating that men who are sexually active with other men are still barred from donating, state-run Global Times daily reported on Tuesday.An anonymous staff member from Beijing Red Cross Blood Centre confirmed on Monday that its units have received the notice from the ministry.\"According to the new policy, mobile blood centres should have started accepting lesbian donors from Sunday,\" the official said.The director of Common Language, an NGO dedicated to supporting lesbians and bisexuals, nicknamed Xian, said that she applauded the amendment and is planning to coordinate members of the NGO to donate blood.Xian did not know lesbians were barred from giving blood until after the earthquake in Sichuan Province in 2008, when she was told she could not donate blood.\"It's scientific that the policy doesn't mention homosexual identity but only fences off some who have certain sex behaviours, because AIDS is not caused by one's homosexual identity but improper sexual behaviour,\" Xian said.She added that in the past, although a lesbian was able to donate by concealing her homosexual identity, the new policy is still meaningful for them.\"It is also about our dignity and the elimination of blood donation discrimination,\" she said.A sexologist Li Yinhe said that as China learnt about AIDS and homosexuality at roughly the same time, in the 1980s, \"the nation easily believed that being a homosexual equates to AIDS.\"\"Inadequate understanding of the two things is the main reason why 'homosexuals' was listed as a group not allowed to donate blood, as a way to prevent the spread of AIDS,\" Li said.The first case of AIDS in China occurred in 1985 when an Argentine visitor, also an AIDS patient, died during a trip to the country, according to Li.\"Judging from the amendment, the country's views on homosexuals and AIDS has progressed,\" Li said, noting that gay men were still thought of as a high-risk group for AIDS transmission, but lesbians are a low-risk group.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14625901", "title": "Man beats wife to death", "text": "NAGPUR: A 36-year-old man was arrested by Gittikhadan police after he allegedly beat his wife to death at Welcome Society in Borgaon on Monday afternoon. Accused Rajesh Bhange was upset over wife Nanda's alleged extramarital affair.Rajesh, a driver, had a love marriage with Nanda a decade ago. The couple has two children, daughter Ruchi (8) and son Shubhang (6). According to neighbours, Rajesh and Nanda were in a tumultuous relationship for the last one year and had even taken their fight to the police station on a number of occasions. Rajesh, whose father is a retired high court employee, had recently left his job and was preparing to shift to Kamptee after selling off their house.Police said that Rajesh and Nanda started quarrelling after the latter got a call on her mobile phone. An enraged Rajesh started questioning Nanda about the call while she refused to divulge the details. This led to a heated exchange in the presence of their children.Sources said that a woman, whom Nanda considered her sister, was present along with her husband when the fight between the couple escalated. An infuriated Rajesh started beating Nanda with a stick at around 9am, until she collapsed to the ground. Nanda sustained several injuries on her body and face.At 2pm, Nanda's condition started deteriorating so Rajesh asked his tenant to help take Nanda to hospital. She was rushed to a private hospital and later shifted to Indira Gandhi Government Medical College and Hospital (IGGMCH), where she was declared dead. The IGGMCH police booth informed Gittikhadan police who took Rajesh into custody. Police later recovered the stick from the bathroom.Neighbours said that Nanda would often stay away from home when Rajesh was on duty. He had once brought Nanda back home after a month, said a neighbour. A senior police officer said Rajesh has named a person as his wife's paramour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "madikeri", "code": "14619802", "title": "Missed call sparks off affair, ends in murder", "text": "MADIKERI: It isn't the first case where a missed call has sparked off a friendship or an affair. But this time it ended in the murder of a young woman.Police have succeeded in cracking the murder of woman who was found dead in a lodge in Virajpet. Geetha alias Latha, 30, was found strangled to death on June 16. Ravi alias Karthamada Kuttanna from T Shettigeri in Kodagu was arrested from Bangalore on Saturday for the murder, said SP Manjunath Annigeri.It all began about six months ago when Kuttanna got a missed call on his mobile. He called the number back which was Geetha's. The duo struck up a friendship over phone. In May, Kuttana evinced an interest in meeting Geetha and invited her to Virajpet, She was working in a factory in Coimbatore.In his statement to police, Kuttanna said that he was very disappointed when he met Geetha. Neither was she beautiful as he had expected, and, moreover, she was married with two children. Kuttanna told police that she had lied about her marital status and he felt cheated when she told him that she was married.However, he invited her to stay with him in a lodge in Virajpet on June 15. Police said that Kuttanna had sex with Geetha, got her drunk and strangled her to death with a nylon rope. Geetha was from Tora village near Virajpet.Police got their clue from the CCTV installed at the reception in the hotel. Kuttanna had given his Mysore address. When police landed there, he was absconding. He was working for MTR in Bangalore, they said.Kuttanna has been remanded to judicial custody. SP Annigeri announced a cash reward for the team that solved the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14621122", "title": "Demolition, construction in medical varsity comes under CAG scanner", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Medical University on Monday, came under the CAG scanner for demolishing a heritage building within its campus and erecting another in its place at a cost of Rs 28.30 crore in utter disregard of the Ancient Monuments and Archaeological Sites and Remains Act, 1958. This was pointed out by the Comptroller and Auditor General of India in its report (Civil) dated March 31, 2011, which was tabled in the state assembly.The report further pointed out that the previous Mayawati regime had failed to tap the vast potential of horticulture and food processing sector for generating employment and enhance farm income, only due to its sheer negligence to prepare the perspective plan for the entire period (2006-11). The annual action plans for 2006-11 were prepared without inputs from district/field level agencies, resulting in fixing up of unrealistic targets, the report sums up.Against the plan budget provision of Rs 559.01 crore, the state government released only Rs 327.71 crore (59%). Failure of the state government to utilise the original allotment resulted in non-release of approved outlay of Rs 669.83 crore by the Centre in the subsequent years, the report pointed out.On the contrary, the state incurred an avoidable expenditure of Rs 1.17 crore on purchase of garlic seeds, Rs 43.60 crore were parked in the PLA in 2007-09 and irregular assistance of Rs 8.88 crore was provided to the beneficiaries for vegetable seed production. This was apart from irregular expenditure of Rs 1.53 crore incurred on printing of publicity material, idle expenditure of Rs 2.06 crore was incurred (2006-11) on incomplete works at government seed farms, nurseries and parks and avoidable assistance of Rs 19.69 crore provided to the beneficiaries without ensuring survival of medicinal, spices and aromatic crops.The CAG also pointed out that failure of proper and required scrutiny of the project cost led to avoidable creation of liability of interest bearing loan of Rs 1.60 crore. Liability worth Rs 177.06 crore was pending on account of electricity charges and installation of 828 low capacity pump sets resulted in short utilisation of irrigation potential in 0.41 lakh hectares. Had the government opted for metered billing, an amount of Rs 245.49 crore could have been saved.In other significant observations, the CAG pointed out that transfer of 501.922 acres of land to the NOIDA without releasing its full value led to a loss of Rs 2,632.19 crore. Cost of land allotted for housing schemes was not realised even after lapse of 11 to 19 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14620979", "title": "Azam suspends 25 officials for corruption, negligence", "text": "LUCKNOW: Urban development minister and chairman of UP Jal Nigam, Azam Khan on Monday suspended 25 senior officials of UP Jal Nigam on charges of corruption and dereliction of duty. The corporation also lodged FIRs against four engineers of construction and design services (C&DS;) wing of Jal Nigam posted in Allahabad for comprising the quality of construction of a girls school in Sirsa tehsil of the district.Officials who have come on the crosshairs of Khan include chief general manager of C&DS;, RP Jatav and general manager (C&DS;) VP Singh. While the former has been charged of not supervising the works done by his subordinates, the latter has been sent packing for not reporting on duty since May 25.Among the engineers who have been suspended include DK Gupta, executive engineer of the Gomti pollution section of UPJN. Gupta allegedly got sewer lines constructed outside the municipal area of Lucknow without getting requisite sanction. Likewise, another executive engineer and a junior engineer of the same wing, Ram Bachan and RK Singh have been suspended for installing hand pumps outside the municipal limits of the state capital.Senior accountant Ashok Kumar Soni, posted in Lucknow, has also been suspended for not following the manual while endorsing the payment made for various projects.The minister also suspended Amar Singh Katiyar, executive engineer in the construction wing of UPJN in Sitapur. Katiyar has been charged of ignoring the directions of district magistrate and going ahead with the works.Another executive engineer, Satya Prakash Sharma, who was posted in Firozabad, has been suspended for causing revenue loss to the department by taking contracts and compromising the quality of works in the division.A host of assistant engineers and junior engineers too came in the firing range of Khan. Assistant engineer GS Gill and junior engineer SK Zaidi, who are posted in Ghaziabad, have been suspended for not getting the road reconstructed after they were dug up to lay sewer lines in the district. Similarly, Khursheed Ahmad and Bhimraj, assistant engineers in Gonda and Faizabad respectively, have been sent packing on charges of comprising with the construction material and getting payments made through fake cheques. A chief clerk in Faizabad division, Nasir Ali, too have been suspended along with Bhimraj.UPJN's assistant engineer posted in Aligarh, Munish Chandra Gupta has been suspended on charges of travelling abroad without getting requisite permission and owning properties more than his known sources of income.The officials against whom FIRs have been lodged in Meja police station of Allahabad include UPJN project managers RK Bansal and RB Chanchal and junior engineers Shameem Ahmad and AK Chandravanshi.Khan had recently created a flutter when he said the corrupt officials would be sent to jail before they are suspended. Once in jail for 24 hours, the officials automatically get suspended as per the service rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "14624743", "title": "Cansaulim PHC will be upgraded: Laxmikant Parsekar", "text": "VASCO: The Cansaulim primary health centre will soon be upgraded and a meeting to decide the plan will be held in a couple of weeks.The decision was taken after health minister Laxmikant Parsekar, Cortalim MLA Alina Saldanha along with other officials inspected the premises on Monday.Parsekar had come to Cansaulim at the request of Saldanha. The team inspected the entire health centre, its wards, operation theatre, etc. After the inspection Parsekar said, \"I am happy with the functioning of the health centre. It is rare to see full occupancy of beds in government hospitals.\" He further added, \"The centre is also well maintained and is used by the villagers of Cansaulim.\"Saldanha said, \"There was a proposal moved by the government to upgrade the primary health centre. There will be some alterations in the plan after a meeting of authorities is held later this month.\"Sources said that the plan included an expansion of the centre using the side areas but Saldanha was of the opinion that the vacant rear portion of the structure should be utilized for the expansion keeping the sides empty for parking vehicles like ambulances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14622613", "title": "Chandigarh to lose a slice of its water pie", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Here comes another jolt for a city facing acute potable water shortage. Chandigarh will have to part from as much as 9 million gallon per day (MGD), that is, 40 million liters per day, with Panchkula getting six MGD and Chandimandir three MGD, as per a 1983 agreement.This will substantially reduce the city's daily share from the present 87 MGD to 78 MGD.While deciding on the sharing of water from the Bhakra canal, Chandigarh, Punjab and Haryana had then signed the agreement. Though Punjab had been taking its share since then, Chandigarh had been utilizing Haryana's portion.The project to supply six MGD water to Panchkula will cost the municipal corporation Rs 60 crore, of which Rs 10 crore will be spent on acquisition of land from Sector 39-based water work to Manimajra.Initially, Chandimandir was allotted six MGD water. It had started receiving half of its share some years ago. As of late it had been pressing for its remaining share, pipelines have almost been laid for its supply.MC commissioner Vivek Partap Singh said, \"The water share was decided long back. We have been using Haryana's share till date. But now it is asking for its slice, which we will have to give. There are no alternative arrangements... we had tried to bring water from Ganguwal in Nangal in the past, but the project had failed.\"MC chief engineer S S Bida said, \"For Panchkula's share, we will lay pipelines from main water work in Sector 39, from where water reaches Manimajra. The land, which has been identified, will be dug up to three feet.\"At present, 67 MGD canal water is directly supplied to Sector 39 water work from Kajauli village, which is around 27 kilometers from Chandigarh. The remaining 20 MGD comes through tubewells.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "canacona", "code": "14624943", "title": "Four seriously injured in Canacona mishap", "text": "CANACONA: In a major accident, four persons were seriously injured on the national highway-17 on Sunday evening at Khalwadem, Canacona. The accident, involving four vehicles, saw the road being blocked for nearly an hour.According to Canacona police, the accident took place at around 4.10pm in which the drivers of the truck and pick up were seriously injured, as also a motorcycle pilot and one car occupant.Police further said that four persons sustained injuries including Ulhas Raikar, Prashant Raikar, both from Belgaum; Anupant Belgar and Sandip Navad from Ribandar.Local persons informed TOI that when the truck reached Khalwadem, the driver suddenly applied the brakes in order to avoid hitting cattle, but the vehicle skidded and hit the pick up, which in turn, dashed a car and a parked motorcycle.\"All injured persons were shifted to Hospicio Hospital, Margao, after primary treatment at Community Health Center, Canacona, and the road was blocked for nearly an hour causing a traffic jam on either side,\" said local panch member Prashant Mahale.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14620923", "title": "Court exposes holes in RTE Act", "text": "CHENNAI: Exposing holes in the Centre's showpiece legislation, the Right to Education Act, the Madras high court on Monday expressed its inability to direct schools to admit poor students and give them free education. Dismissing the petitions of five parents who sought the court's help to get their wards admitted in schools of their choice, Justice K Chandru raised questions which have no answers in the Act.Section 12(C) of the Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education Act, 2009 mandates that unaided schools must fill up 25% of their total intake with neighbourhood students from disadvantaged groups. But the court wanted to know: What is a neighbourhood school? Can a parent choose a particular school to stake his right to admission under the weaker section category? Who is empowered to issue directions to the school concerned? Who is to monitor the implementation of the Act? To which class the student could be admitted? Can the school choose its own beneficiaries, and, if so, what method should it adopt?The parents filed petitions seeking a direction to either identify neighbourhood schools as provided for under the RTE Act or to direct specific schools to admit their children in various classes, including LKG, and provide them with free uniform, education material, books and other material.Four of the five schools raised several objections to their claim, saying they had already filled up the quota of seats meant for weaker sections of the society. One school said it had filled up the vacancies on first-come-first-served basis and on random basis. Another asked as to why the parents insisted on admission in their school while there were at least five other schools in the neighbourhood.Refusing to interfere with the admissions done on first-come-first-served basis, Justice Chandru also said the Act clearly stated that the admission should be from Class 1 for the ensuing year. Noting that the Act does not talk about other classes, the judge said: \"The Act never contemplated that the school must grant 25% admission in respect of Classes 2 to 8...In those cases, the process of admitting students from disadvantaged group started only from Class 1 and it may grow gradually from Class 1 to Class 8. In cases where there is pre-school education, then it may start from the LKG onwards.\"The judge also noted that the petitioners were under the impression that automatically in respect of unaided schools, there will be complete free education including supply of uniform, education materials and books.As to additional government pleader P Sanjay Gandhi's submissions that a child's right to education is not just a legal right but also a fundamental right, Justice Chandru said, \"If there is more than one school in a neighbourhood, as to which school a child can seek admission, which authority can direct admission and who will supervise is not made clear in the Act.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14626227", "title": "15-yr-old abducted, beaten up", "text": "NAGPUR: A 15-year-old boy was allegedly abducted and badly beaten by his landlord and another man after he refused to give them his elder brother's cell phone number. The police also treated the matter casually. It only came to only after NGO Childline came to know of the incident.On June 27, Aakash Raut was abducted right in front of his mother from their rented residence at Navneet Nagar under the jurisdiction of Wadi police station. Aakash told TOI that he was locked up in a room and thrashed for an hour. \"The landlord Badu Birde and friend Sheetal Patil took me in an autorickshaw to Birde's house. They kicked on my face and eyes besides hitting with sticks on my back, they also hit me on the head with a rod,\" said Aakash, a fifth standard dropout.Birde (40) and Patil, in his 30s, were searching for Aakash's elder brother Suraj (16). According to Aakash's mother Anita, they were staying as tenants in Birde's house since last three months. Suddenly, he asked them to vacate the place by June 10. However, as Anita was admitted to GMCH, they vacated the house on June 14.Anita claimed that they had paid the rent and electricity bills but Birde abused them while leaving leading to a fight between Suraj and Birde's son. Since then, Birde was looking to assault Suraj. Anita had shifted to another rented house at Navneet Nagar. On June 27, Birde and his accomplice had caught Suraj but he managed to gave them slip. They then came home looking for him.The injuries on Aakash's face looked still fresh even five days later. His face is still swollen and he has a black eye. NGO Childline learnt about the boy through neighbours and brought the matter to fore after Wadi police allegedly tried to hush-up the matter. Despite grievous injuries, Wadi police registered a case under 107 of Indian Penal Code (instigation).\"He is still not able to open his right eye. If the head injury were any deeper, it would have cost his life. Police should have slapped an offence of causing hurt and abduction,\" said Rekha Barahate, secretary of Childline. \"They were searching for Suraj and had nothing to do with Aakash. Two grown men beat up a child so badly. They should be punished,\" she added.Barahate said they would press for more serious charges against the accused. She said they would also complain to police chief Ankush Dhanvijay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14622936", "title": "Attestation hassles Panjab University applicants", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Confusion over attestation of documents resulted in a harrowing time for scores of applicants at Panjab University on Monday, with many running from pillar to post to get their certificates attested at the eleventh hour.Last year, PU had notified that students could submit self-attested documents. But as all departments were not clear on it, over 380 applicants sought help at PU inquiry counter on the last day of submission of admission forms, with many asking the officials there to get their documents attested by a gazetted officer.\"Self-attesting of forms during submission should be enough as the documents are duly verified at the time of admission. I will request the office of dean university instructions (DUI) to clarify PU's stand though a circular,\" A K Bhandari, PU registrar, said.From superintendents, assistant registrar to deputy registrar, scores of administrative employees and even teachers are authorized to attest documents. But most of them are hesitant, fearing repercussions in case of forged documents.\"Students were not clear on certificate attestation rules. Even staff was confused whether to accept self-attested documents. We guided students through the day and even helped them get their documents attested as it was the last day,\" said Dharampal Sharma, in charge of PU inquiry counter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14619717", "title": "Another drowning death, now at Gateway", "text": "MUMBAI: Planning to take a dip in the sea? Give it a second thought. An unidentified man drowned at the Gateway of India on Monday, a day after three youths drowned at Juhu beach. The death, which brings the drowning toll to 10 in a month, comes amid high-tide warnings.The BMC's fire brigade and disaster control cell have already activated emergency support functions following warnings from the Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) of a high tide of 4.66m at 12.05 pm along with heavy rainfall on Tuesday.The unidentified person who drowned at the Gateway was brought out by firemen with the help of a rope manila but was declared dead on admission at St George Hospital.Three youngsters drowned at Juhu beach on Sunday afternoon. While the police traced the body of Aniket Gawane (17) and Zuber Shaikh (15) on Sunday, 17-year-old Sayyad Ali's body was recovered on Monday morning at 8am by BMC lifeguards and navy divers.In the last one month, the maximum drowning deaths were reported at Silver beach, which is 3 km away from Juhu beach. \"We are conducting a review to declare certain spots dangerous. But we cannot declare entire beaches as dangerous. The Silver beach end has certain anti-social elements and has also witnessed several cases of drowning. We will reinforce that spot, which is 3 km away from our checkpoint, with more lifeguards after we receive the required sanctions. People ignore warnings made through announcements, boards, red flags. We are not an enforcing agency. Enforcement of law should be done by the police,\" said Suhas Joshi, chief fire officer, fire briagde.P S Rahangdale, deputy chief fire officer said the problem is aggravated as several youths go for a swim after drinking alcohol. \"Our lifeguards are manhandled. In Gorai and Aksa beaches, there is intervention from local residents who resolve disputes between lifeguards and youngsters. But we require a strong police presence during high tides,\" he said. Rahangdale said after receiving the high tide alert for Tuesday, the fire brigade will put several measures in place. \"We are putting additional resources on beaches, senior station officers, flood rescue team personnel (FRT), four firemen and reinforcing guards. FRT personnel will be deployed at flooding spots.\"Following a spate of drowning incidents since December 2007, the municipal commissioner had set aside Rs 2.1 crore to purchase safety equipment like rescue boats and jet skis with trolleys, build lifeguard-watch towers. But the only beach safety equipment on all beaches comprise rescue tubes, life jackets, ring buoys and kayaks. \"We are still in the process of buying watch towers, jet skis and dedicated beach safety equipment. We will also increase our trained manpower,\" said a senior fire official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14623113", "title": "Sibling deities return home", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Ending their 11-day outing, Lord Jagannath, Balabhadra and Subhadra entered the sanctum sanctorum of Jagannath temple on Monday evening on the occasion of 'Niladri Bije'.Thousands of devotees thronged Puri to view the deities being escorted to the temple in pahandi procession. Non-Hindus, who are not allowed inside Jagannath temple, turned up to catch the last glimpse of the deities onboard the chariots outside the shrine.Devotees offered rasogolla to the deities on their chariots. Tradition has it that Lord Jagannath offers rasogolla to his divine consort goddess Mahalaxmi before entering the sanctum sanctorum on Niladri Bije to placate her as she was angry with him for not taking her along with the sibling deities on the sojourn to Gundicha temple.\"She resisted when the Lord was entering the shrine on Niladri Bije. The Lord tried to please Mahalaxmi by offering her rasogolla,\" said Jogendra Dasmohapatra, a priest. \"Just as human beings offer sweets to their loved ones to pacify them, the Lord also followed the same tactic,\" he said. As per ritual, a heated exchange between Lord Jagannath and the goddess was enacted by temple servitors near the shrine entrance on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14626364", "title": "Coal India production up; Western Coalfields Ltd's output down", "text": "NAGPUR: After a dismal performance last year, production by government-owned Coal India Ltd (CIL) has gone up by 6% till June end compared to the same period last year. CIL had registered a negligible growth of 1% during the entire previous year, when production stood at 435 million tonnes (MT) and the target of 440 MT was missed.CIL's total production for the first quarter of the financial year stands at 93.363 MT registering a growth of 6%. This happened as the company made efforts to ensure that some of the pending environmental clearances were secured and it led to a spurt in production, said a senior CIL official. The subsidiaries that registered a growth between 10 to 20% are Central Collieries Ltd (CCL), Mahanadi Coalfields Ltd (MCL) and Eastern Coalfields Ltd (ECL). These companies had quite a few of their projects held up for environmental clearance. It is expected that the target of 446 MT for the current year will be met. The 12{+t}{+h} five year plan envisages a growth of 7% in coal production.However, certain officials think there is much more scope for improving the output. The current growth appears substantial only because of exceptionally poor performance last year.Output in Western Coalfields Ltd (WCL), the city-based subsidiary of CIL has, however, fallen by 2.3% to 9 MT compared to the first quarter last year. This is because the Umrer opencast mine that was shut down following an accident two years ago has not started production yet. The expansion of other mines is also held up for want of land. With a new policy to offer higher compensation in place, the company hopes to take up new projects in coming years.Coinciding with a hike in domestic production the international price of commodity has also gone down. Due to a slump in demand due to looming Eurozone recession , rate of the benchmark South African coal have come down to $90 a tonne as against $130 a couple of months ago. Padmesh Gupta of Gupta Group, a city-based company having a stake in coal business, said although the production needed to be hiked by 20%, even a 6% growth was not bad. Cheaper imported coal due to the slump had added to domestic players' advantage, he said.Sources in power sector complain about getting not getting fresh linkages as well as assured supply under the existing tie-ups with CIL. Power projects with a capacity of 6,000 MW have been held up for want of coal by Adani Group . A higher coal output will help when it actually translates into more linkages, said a source closely associated with this company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14625913", "title": "Muttemwar unhappy with state govt inaction on IIIT at Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: City MP and AICC general secretary Vilas Muttemwar , who has been pursuing the Central as well and state governments for setting up of a branch of Indian Institute of information technology (IIIT) in the city, has regretted that the state government has shown no interest in considering it.In a letter written to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on June 25, the MP said he had been pursuing the matter for a long time and written to the prime minister also pleading Nagpur's case as an ideal location for the premier institute.\"While I was told that the matter was under consideration, I came to know through a debate in Parliament that the Union government has sanctioned 20 such IIIT and of them two were to be set up in Maharashtra. To be created on PPP, the Centre has to contribute 50%, the state government 35% and private industry partner 15% for each of the IIIT branch. The Centre had asked the states keen on having these IIITs to allocate land measuring 50 to 100 acres and find a private partner too.In reply to Muttemwar's motion in Lok Sabha seeking location of an IIIT in Nagpur, minister of state for human resource development D Purandeswari has written to him on June 8 that the state government had identified 59 acres of land at village Nanoli in Maval tehsil of Pune for the proposed IIIT and was looking for a private industry partner.In his letter to the PM as well the CM, Muttemwar has said Nagpur as one the fastest developing cities with good urban infrastructure and educational facilities should be given the first preference. He has pointed that Pune already is congested with overload of IT related facilities and for striking developmental balance within the state Nagpur should be chosen.However, he has regretted that government has not taken any decision yet on having IIIT at Nagpur though land and other amenities are not a problem here. He has also urged legislators and ministers from the city to take a proactive stance and ensure that institutes like IIIT and IIM are set up in the city so that students seeking professional education in these fields are not forced to migrate to other states and cities for it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14617451", "title": "Heritage body seeks more info on forts", "text": "JAIPUR: The wait for Rajasthan's hills and forts to be included as World Heritage Sites (WHS) is going to get a little longer.The World Heritage Committee (WHC) has asked for more information and will again consider the entries at the next World Heritage session in 2013.At the WHC meeting at Saint Petersburg on June 30, it was decided that more information as well as a more detailed approach for the selection of the hill forts of Rajasthan was required. The state had submitted the name of five forts - Amber, Ranthambore, Gagron, Chittorgarh and Kumbhalgarh for being included as WHS.The Committee 'referred' it for being considered again at the next World Heritage session in 2013, once the additional information required was received.State minister of art and culture Bina Kak said all the 21 countries in the committee of World Heritage Session agreed that the forts of Rajasthan will be important addition to the world heritage list.She said for want of more information the concerned sites have been 'referred' by the WHC, which is a step away from 'inscription' as a heritage site. The state need not re-submit the sites for consideration again next year but will only have to provide the necessary additional information.Kak said after examining the documents, the WHC said a more detailed approach was required on how the forts represent the various categories of Rajput military architecture. She said the committee also wanted more information on the management of the five forts under the Fort Apex Advisory Committee. The panel also recommended that the state government can request a consultative mission of International Council on Monuments and Sites (ICOMOS) to the site to encourage the upstream process, which is essential for this nomination next year.The state government and ICOMOS will have a discussion soon on the implementation of the decisions taken by the WHC to ensure that the detailed information is provided to them. The additional information, as per the Mission's recommendations will be presented to the World Heritage Centre by February 1, 2013 for the hill forts to be 'inscribed' in the next world heritage session in 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14626276", "title": "Found: Main water pipeline just below Sitabuldi flyover", "text": "NAGPUR: After finding water pipes under footpaths, internal streets, sewer line and house, another goof-up in city's water network came to light when it was found that water in huge quantity leaking from Sitabuldi flyover because it was constructed on a pipeline.The water in huge quantity has started coming out from a landspace constructed below the flyover adjacent to the retaining wall in front of Sitabuldi police station. However, an engineer from public works department (PWD) has ruled out any damage to the flyover.The officials of NMC's water works department inspected the spot and dug the portion to rectify the leakage on Sunday. The digging was done for at least 5-6 feet below and it was found that the leakage was below the retaining wall.Shockingly, the leakage is from 25-inch water pipeline which is said to be big in size and supplies huge quantity of water. The pipeline is coming from water master reservoir balance (MBR) situated on the premises of Rajbhavan and connects water network of Ramdaspeth, Dhantoli, Sitabuldi, Netaji Market area, Takiya, Kumbhartoli, Chhoti Dhantoli and adjoining areas covering around 1.15 lakh population. The flyover was constructed on the pipeline. Thus, the stretch of pipeline from Morris College T-point to Vareity Square is under the retaining wall of flyover. The stretch from Variety Square to Lokmat Square too is under the flyover's pillars.A senior NMC official from Dharampeth Zone told TOI that the officials of MSRDC were informed about the matter. \"Joint inspection of MSRDC and NMC was scheduled on Monday but could not take place. Now, the inspection will be done on Tuesday. Probably the NMC will have to lay a new network from Morris College T-point to at least Variety Square to rectify the problems,\" he said, stating that the leakage in other places under the flyover's retaining wall may not be ruled out.PWD's executive engineer Vivek Salve said that there would be no problem to the retaining wall due to water leakage. \"Pillars of flyover were much deeper and would not affect due to water leakage\", he said.The NMC official further said that the NMC had demanded the MSRDC to provide funds for shifting the pipeline before construction of the flyover. \"MSRDC officials did nothing to shift the pipeline. It is also a big problem as many posh localities will have to face water shortage when such problem arises. Besides, the water contamination may also be not ruled out,\" he said.However, the NMC officials on Monday restored the water supply leaving the leakage as it is following pressure from citizens and corporators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14619284", "title": "Hunt on for 10 labourers who abducted contractor", "text": "The Bhandup police are on the lookout for 10 labourers, suspected to be Bangladeshis, who allegedly kidnapped a sub-contractor, Naresh Uayla (45), from the roadside in broad daylight on Sunday. Police learnt through Uayla's wife Rajmani (40) and son Vishnu (22) that the labourers abducted him over non-payment of Rs 1 lakh. Uayla reportedly owed the men the money as they had worked for him for 10 days him. The abductors had allegedly told Uayla's family to deposit the amount in a bank for his release.The incident occurred around 1pm when Uayla visited building number 74 situated near Bank of Baroda quarters in Bhandup (W). \"The sacked labourers were at the spot. They forced him to sit in an auto rickshaw and took him away,\" said senior inspector Shrirang Nadgauda.Before the labourers could rescue Uayla he was kidnapped by the former labourers. The labourers immediately informed their contractor Parmar and narrated about the incident. In the complaint, Parmar said, \"The labourers were sacked from the job after Uayla found them non-productive and didn't work properly during the 10 days after they were employed on April 7.\"Separate team of officials from the Bhandup police and the Ghatkopar Crime Branch (Unit VII) are formed to track down the abductors. \"Uayla's employer Parmar said his (Uayla) mobile was switch off hours after when he tried calling on his (Uayla) mobile. He has been employed since childhood with me,\" said the investigators. Meanwhile the investigators managed to track down the last network location and found that the abductors had crossed the location at Igatpuri on Monday morning.Uayla, employed as a sub-contractor with Chetan Parmar, appointed 10 people to carry out the repair work of the building in Bhandup locality. Uayla's wife said, \"My concern to get my husband release unhurt. He has hired some labourers for the work but couldn't pay their dues as the builder delayed their payments. They made a call on my son's mobile on Monday and demanded for the money for his release. The abductors also gave a bank account number in which they have asked to deposit the money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14619478", "title": "Rain switches off power, throws railway out of gear in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: Four days after suppliers promised the state advisory committee on power to provide 24-hour electricity during monsoon, the city's four main supply lines collapsed around 7.55pm on Monday evening after a heavy spell of shower. Even as half the city plunged into darkness, rains created hurdles in operations on Central Railway's main as well as Harbour lines, leaving thousands of homeward-bound Mumbaikars stranded. The showers also rained reports of waterlogged roads and uprooted trees.According to BEST and RInfra sources, areas in the northern parts of the island city, Dharavi, Dadar, Mahim, Parel, Wadala, and Sion, and parts of the western suburbs, including Bandra, Khar and Santa Cruz , faced power-cuts for almost half an hour. According to BEST, the reason was that six main feeders tripped, though Tata Power apparently restored supply in 20 minutes. The state power load monitoring authorities said the lines bringing power to Dharavi, Salsette, Carnac and Parel power distribution centres tripped following a snag. They also suspect lightning and heavy rains could have caused a fault.According to a source in Reliance, parts of suburbs under its jurisdiction, such as Bandra, Khar, Santa Cruz, Chunabhatti and Vikhroli, remained in the dark for 25 to 30 minutes, with Vikhroli being worst hit.Tata Power officials, however, declined to reveal any information, and Load Dispatch Centre authorities said even they were not given any information about the blackout by TP.A power expert, who was It may be recalled that in the meeting of state advisory committee on power the suppliers in Mumbai, the Tata, BEST and Reliance had made presentations on Friday last assuring total perfection in their preparedness for monsoon. \"Within four days it seems to have failed. It shows how hollow our promises are?\" said a senior power expert who was present at the meeting.Even as the city and the suburbs grappled with the power outage, hundreds of commuters, most of them office-goers returning home, were stranded at CST, with CR trains thrown out of gear. A tree fell near tracks between Govandi and Chembur, affecting Harbour line services, and a signal failure was reported in Kurla on the main line. But the WR was not affected.A railway spokesperson confirmed that the CR ran trains 15-20 minutes behind schedule, though a passenger said Harbour trains were 40 minutes late. Around 9pm at CST, there were neither announcements nor indicators showing Harbour schedules. \"None of us knew which train would leave nextThis may lead to a law-and-order problem if CR does not make an announcement soon,\" a passenger said. The situation was no better on the roads with streets in certain parts left choc-a-bloc with traffic, owing to waterlogging and tree falling. Snarls choked Chembur and Kurla where trees fell on vehicles; BMC disaster cell got 25 complaints of tree falling and 10 of waterlogging.(Inputs from Shawan Sen)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14621523", "title": "Pammal residents protest against \u2018banned\u2019 stone-crushing units", "text": "CHENNAI: For residents of Sankar Nagar in suburban Pammal, the biggest challenge is dust \u2014 that flies in from the 53 stone-crushing units in the area and pollutes their homes, streets and shops. Exposure to such suspended particulate matter, as pollution experts call it, for long can cause serious respiratory problems.Tired of making innumerable complaints that have gone unheard, hundreds of residents on Sunday staged a human chain on Gandhi Main Road to highlight their plight. District officials said the operation of the units was a violation of Development Control Regulations under the Tamil Nadu Town and Country Planning Act that bans any such activity within 500 metres of residential areas. All the crushing units in Sankar Nagar are located within 100 metres of the residential areas.Further, as per norms, the stone-crushing units should polish stones got from quarries only by using water through sprinklers. This is to allow dust to settle down rather than forming a thick layer of clouds in the atmosphere and polluting adjoining areas. None of the units in the area practises it. \"There is nothing much we can do. We have to breathe to live because no one including government agencies comes to our rescue,\" said S Mariappan, a resident of Sankar Nagar.Many of the houses here, especially those with walls bordering the crushing units, don't have windows. The few which have windows, keep them shut through the day and night, even in the searing heat. Pollutants from the stone-crushing units have even spread to neighbouring areas like Tiruneermalai, Nagelkeni and Anakaputhur. \"People working in such units without safety equipment as well as residents face health problems like silicosis, lung failure, respiratory failure and TB. Elders and children are the immediate victims,\" says Dr Venketasan, a pulmonologist in Tambaram.Despite mining being banned in Sengazhanaeermalai of Sankar Nagar and quarries closed in 2006 after public protests, the stone-crushing units were operating by getting raw material from Kancheepuram. Many of the units were declared illegal by the Pammal municipality and the district administration. The Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board warned of high pollution in these units and in October 2009, the Madras high court ordered the Kancheepuram collector to inquire into the issue but the units continue to operate.More than 52 quarries and 162 stone-crushing units operate in Kancheepuram district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14621806", "title": "Diesel vehicles, road-building dust biggest pollutants in city", "text": "PUNE: Emission from diesel-operated vehicles and dust from road construction have emerged as major pollutants in the city, according to the findings of the emission inventory by the Indian Institute of Tropical Meteorology, (IITM) Pune.The findings were derived from data collected for developing the emission inventory, leading to setting up a 'System of Air Quality Forecasting and Research' (SAFAR) in Pune. New Delhi has such a system. The data was collected by around 100 college students under the guidance of IITM scientists in the last one and a half months.The inventory found that residents of slums were environment conscious and 60% of them in Pune Municipal Corporation and Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation area used LPG as fuel, unlike slums in Delhi where kerosene and wood were still used as fuel.During the data collection, 44 roads in Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad were monitored for vehicle density. It found that 64% three wheelers use CNG, petrol was used by 26% and 10% used diesel. In case of cars and jeeps, 60% use diesel and 40% use petrol. 94% of the buses use diesel, 5% used CNG and 1% use petrol. In case of light commercial vehicles, 78% use diesel, 20% use petrol and 2% use CNG. Heavy commercial vehicles,93% use diesel, 4% use CNG and 3% use petrol.Gufran Beig, programme director and scientist of IITM, told TOI that the data showed that majority of the vehicles used diesel. Diesel is a major source of fine-particle pollution and can cause health problems. Diesel vehicles are the main source of street-level pollution here, he said.Beig said, \"A majority of slum residents use LPG here, whereas in New Delhi, it was found that a majority of slum residents use coal, wood and kerosene. It shows that slum residents are more conscious and there is development in these pockets.''In the commercial sector fuel usage, it was also found that in both Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad civic areas, a majority of the hotels use LPG, but street vendors use both LPG and kerosene.The study also found that more than 2.96 lakh vehicles coming to the city use the University of Pune chowk on any given weekday. The average number of two-wheelers using this chowk while entering the city at peak time was 10,000 per hour. The Pune-Solapur road was the second-most polluted location with more than 1.5 lakh vehicles using the road every day, followed by Karve Road with 1.48 lakh vehicles and Pimpri chowk with 1.35 lakh vehicles.Beig said that emission inventory of these pollutants was a key input along with meteorological information which will be developed by IITM. College students have helped collect information from source (hotels, vehicles, slums, industry) of pollution for the emission inventory.SAFAR will provide information on air quality in real time and make air quality forecast 24 hours in advance along with weather data. The value of different pollutants and how one can prevent it, will be displayed on LCD colour screens in 20 important locations across the city. The system will be developed by Indian Institute of Tropical Meterology (IITM), Pune, under the ministry of Earth Sciences.\"There will be 10 monitoring stations that will be set up in city and its outskirts, with facilities like sophisticated instruments for continous measurements providing valuable inputs about air pollutants. The data generated on the pollutants through GPRS in real time will be sent to the central room of IITM, which will be sent to 20 different locations,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14625972", "title": "Disaster cell has info on dilapidated buildings from only 2 zones", "text": "NAGPUR: Even after formation of regional disaster management cell to tackle emergency situations during monsoons in the corporation limits, the fire and emergency services department - which has been given the responsibility of the cell - still does not have details of dilapidated buildings in the city. This has hampered NMC's preparation to deal with any eventuality if one of these buildings were to collapse.A senior officer of the department admitted that the regional disaster management cell was formed on June 1, and would function till September 30. But the cell had no information on dilapidated buildings in the corporation limits. Despite informing the assistant commissioners of all zones, only two zones have handed over a list of such buildings to chief fire officer AN Khan.He said that in June the department had sought information on dilapidated buildings in the city from 10 zonal offices. Only two zones handed over the list of these buildings to fire brigade, enabling it to carry out a reconnaissance of the areas and prepare a rescue plan for them. \"Zonal offices that responded are Lakadganj and Mangalwari,\" said a source. \"This shows how zonal officials are taking the civic body's preparation for granted,\" said a senior officer of the cell.The officer pointed out that most of the dilapidated buildings are situated in old parts of the city and the roads leading to the buildings were narrow. \"These structures are death traps, especially if there is a fire or collapse due to rains,\" said an officer.The best example is the Model Mill Colony in Ganeshpeth area. The two-storey building is in dilapidated condition since last many years but still many families continue to stay there. Many occupants even use windows to enter and exit their homes, added the officer.NMC's enforcement department has issued notices to owners and residents of all these buildings, asking them to vacate it. In spite of undertaking this exercise every year, the buildings were still standing, said the officer. Actually, it is extremely surprising that NMC makes preparations for their collapse but allows them to stand for years on end.The fire department has even identified corporation schools in each ward as temporary shelters for residents in case of any accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14623672", "title": "Silt creates roadblocks, officials unmoved", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Though Allahabad Municipal Corporation is entrusted with the responsibility of providing civic amenities to the people, its continuous negligence is ironically adding to the woes of the residents of Sangam City. The silt extracted from the drains are scattered on the roads causing problems to the commuters.People commuting on the various roads of the city are facing a host of problems owing to lying of garbage and silt on the roads. Though the surface area of the road for the movement of commuters is less, the spread of the silt along with garbage have further reduced the available area. As a result, commuters have got less surface area for driving their vehicles. The stench coming out from the accumulation of garbage is also unbearable and the people are forced to cover their nose to pass through the area. The commuters are also facing numerous problems on account of this but Allahabad Municipal Corporation officers seems to be least bothered about the woes of the citizens.Anil Upadhaya who is a regular commuter on the Leader Road angrily says, \"The scene of the huge amount of garbage and silt lying on the road is nauseating during the morning hours, when we are going to our office. Allahabad Municipal Corporation should make arrangements for lifting of the silt and other materials from the road as soon as possible. But, it seems that they are least bothered about the people.\"Speaking in the same vein, Ravi Saraswat says, \"Leader Road of the city always remain congested as most of the vehicles coming from the city side of the junction and Johnstonganj crossing pass through this road. I feel that Allahabad Municipal Corporation should show some concern for the people, as they are not bothered to remove the silt taken out from the drain. The surface area of the road for the vehicular movement has been reduced as major part of the road is occupied by the silt.\"Shankar Jaiswal of Sohbatiabagh laments, \"It has become the habit of the Allahabad Municipal Corporation to extract silt and leave them for days without even bothering to lift the same. At times, the silt dries and then it blows along with wind spreading diseases and becoming problematic for commuters.\"Despite repeated attempts, environmental engineer of Allahabad Municipal Corporation Sanjeev Pradhan was not available for comments.Debris obstructing traffic on MG MargALLAHABAD: Even as anomalies have been detected in construction of the divider on the MG Marg in the city, the debris lying near them have not been removed. As a result, commuters moving on the road are encountering several problems. This has also led to frequent traffic jam in the area.Now it is being planned to demolish the divider and build a new one its place due to the anomalies and faulty design.The width of the road has also been reduced due to the construction of the divider on the MG Marg in Civil Lines. This has further reduced the space for the commuters on the road.The situation turns grim during night when one can witness serpentine queues of vehicles trapped in traffic jam. And as the vehicle drivers jostle to outdo one another in the jam, absence of traffic cops at crucial points adds to the chaos.Now, it is the duty of the commuters to remove the debris to make some space for their vehicles. It is pertinent to mention that due to the anomalies that have been detected in the construction of the divider, action has been taken against four junior engineers and one assistant engineer. Contacted, concerned authorities said that the existing divider on the Mahatma Gandhi Marg of Civil Lines would be removed and a new one would be constructed in its place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14621959", "title": "Centre plans policy, separate ministry for fishing sector", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Union government will set up a separate ministry for the development of country's fisheries sector, said Union minister of state for home affairs, Mullappally Ramachandran. Minister said the Central government would also prepare a fisheries policy and the government is also considering setting up drinking water projects in the coastal areas with the help of international aid agencies.Speaking after inaugurating the mass contact programme and distribution of funds for the fishermen in the district on Monday, he said the government had a positive attitude on forming a separate ministry for the sector. \"As the fisheries department currently functions under the agriculture ministry, the fisheries sector has not been able to receive adequate attention,\" he said.\"The government has also earmarked funds for the modernization of fishing harbours in the state,\" said the minister. He also called upon the fishermen to remain vigilant to ensure safety and security in the coastal areas.V Dinakaran, chairman of Matsyafed, said fishermen would be provided with 40% reservation, while filling up the job vacancies in the organization. He urged the government to allocate separate kerosene quota for the fishermen to undertake fishing trips.He said that Matsyafed had drawn up an action plan to revive the defunct cooperative societies in the sector. Of the 666 societies, 269 are inactive now.As many as 2,127 fishermen in the district were provided debt relief to the tune of Rs 68 lakh at the function. Mayor A K Premajam inaugurated the distribution of debt relief and C K Nanu MLA distributed accident insurance funds.Kozhikode: Union Minister of State for Home Affairs, Mullappally Ramachandran has said that Union government will form a separate ministry for the development of country's fisheries sector.Speaking after inaugurating the mass contact programme and distribution of funds for the fishermen in the district on Monday, he said that the government has a positive attitude on forming a separate ministry for the sector independent of the Agriculture ministry.\"As the fisheries department currently functions under the Agriculture Ministry, the fisheries sector has not been able to receive adequate attention,\" he said adding that the central government would also prepare a fisheries policy.The minister said that the state government is also considering setting up drinking water projects in the coastal areas with the help of international aid agencies.The government has also earmarked funds for the modernization of fishing harbours in the state. The Minister called upon the fishermen to remain vigilant to ensure safety and security in the coastal areas.V Dinakaran, Chairman of Matsyafed, said that fishermen would be provided 40 percent reservation while filling up the job vacancies in the organisation. He urged the government to allocate separate kerosene quota for the fishermen to undertake fishing trips.He said that 269 of the total of 666 cooperative societies in the sector remained inactive. Matsyafed has drawn up an action plan to revive the defunct societies, he said.As many as 2127 fishermen in the district were provided debt relief to the tune of Rs 68 lakh at the function.Mayor Prof. A K Premajam inaugurated the distribution of debt relief and C K Nanu MLA distributed accident insurance funds at the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14625952", "title": "New chapter in English teaching", "text": "NAGPUR: The Government of Maharashtra on June 8 signed an agreement with the British Council to train English teachers from state board schools in language teaching. Under this agreement, educators from British Council will train 920 master trainers, who in turn would be training 67,200 teachers across the state.The selection process for master trainers from Nagpur was conducted on Monday while for Amravati it will be done on Tuesday. It is held in two parts; written test followed by group task and discussions.\"These tests are for judging their language skills,\" informed senior project manager, Gauri Puranik. She also said that the group task part is for testing their adaptability along with social and communication skills.\"The selection process is a very crucial part as the master trainers would decide the sustainability of the project,\" she added.Divided into three parts, the training may start anytime in July and continue till mid next year. After phase one in July, the master trainers would train the target teachers and undergo phase two of the training in December. It will be followed by training of 67,200 teachers. The last phase will be conducted around mid next year.The master trainers would be also explained the practical implementation of Continuous Comprehensive Evaluation (CCE). A one-day orientation programme would be conducted for the principals as well. A radio programme is also scheduled in September this year wherein 24 episodes would be held; one episode of 15 minutes per week.A company from UK will review this project. \"We have launched this project in Tamil Nadu , Karnataka, Bihar , Assam and Punjab. There is a visible positive change and the teachers have been groomed well,\" added Puranik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14635955", "title": "HC orders issue of notice to Centre, UGC", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai Bench of the Madras High Court on Monday ordered issue of notice to the Centre and UGC, among others, while admitting a petition seeking to quash two amendments brought about by a senate resolution of the Gandhigram Rural Institute, a Deemed University, near Dindigul.The amendments relate to approving the rules passed at the University Senate.While the existing rules stipulated that the rules made by the Senate should be approved by the Centre, the amendments stipulated that the Board of Management had powers to frame the rules of the Institute and there was no necessity for getting central approval, which is the characteristic of Deemed Universities run by private trust.The amendments were a blatant violation of the New UGC Regulations 2010, the petitioner S Rajendran, a former senate member, said.Similarly the Government of India, as funding agency, was the ultimate controlling authority, of the Deemed university. But as per the new amendment, the government would not have any control, he submitted.Justice K.Venkataraman ordered issue of notice returnable within two weeks to the Centre,UGC and District Registrar of Societies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14617596", "title": "Court comes down heavily on polluting crushers", "text": "JAIPUR: A division bench of high court has issued notice on a PIL over the non-deployment of water sprinkler system and other pollution control measures by the large number of stone crushers of Kaladera industrial area of RIICO at Jaipur.The notices were issued on a PIL filed by one Lakhan singh alleging that a large number of stone crushers are operating in the Kaladera industrial area of RIICO and they are not using any safety measures as well as pollution control steps to check pollution caused by small sand particles after extraction from these stone mines. The PIL hits out at the disappearance of greenery due to the air and soil pollution owing to the dust particles. It was also aruged that the crushers are causing serious diseases like TB and various other nose and lung-related infections.The petitioner also highlighted the fact that there are a large number of industries in the area and the \"ailing\" workers are contaminating/spreading respiratory diseases. \"There is a educational instituion within a radius of 3 km from these crushers where students are also subjected to the ill-effects of the crushers.The petitioner has pleaded for cancellation of the licenses of all the crushers in the locality and also aksed for proper relocation to curb further pollution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14633836", "title": "Tollywood actors miffed with new service tax", "text": "The government's decision to levy a 12.36% service tax on what film and television actors rake in has left the film industry livid.Says Prosenjit, \"Imposing 12.36% service tax on actors is the most ridiculous decision that has ever been taken. They have no idea how some actors survive in our profession. We are as much employed professionals as anyone in any field. Acting is an uncertain profession. If a doctor gets a degree, he will be assured of a minimum number of patients. But tomorrow if an actor suffers an injury that changes his facial contour, he will be out of work completely.\"For actor Jeet, the news comes as a bolt from the blue. \"It's extremely unfair to levy such taxes on actors. I want a complete rollback on this. This is not like a petrol hike. This service charge did not even exist for actors,\" he says.What is crucial, says Prosenjit, is that such a tax will have a huge impact on the regional film industry. \"I have one simple question to ask: Has the Bengali film industry seen a growth of 12.36%? If that isn't true, how can such a service tax be levied? I understand that an actor himself will not have to pay this tax from his own pocket. A producer too will not be paying it himself. It might be finally extracted from those who go to the theatres. That will directly impact the footfall of people who are watching Bengali movies now,\" he says.Incidentally, despite the hype over Bengali movies, Prosenjit admits that the theatre collections of movies are not flattering at all. \"If I spend 80 lakh on a film today, I can at most recover 40 lakh from theatrical collections. I will have to recover the rest from other avenues,\" the actor adds. Even a superhit Bengali film today makes a collection of 60 lakh from the theatres after spending more than a crore on it. If such is the situation of theatrical collections, this service tax will only cripple the industry,\" adds Prosenjit.Actor Rupa Bhattacharya, member, executive committee, Artists' Forum , says, \"We are facing the brunt for the behaviour of few actors who act as businessmen. While some actors are pure artistes, others openly claim that they are into movies because it is all about commerce.\"Meanwhile, performing artistes in folk or classical art forms of music, dance, or theatre have been kept out of this levy. And that, says Rupa, is intriguing. \"There are so many classical musicians who earn lakhs by doing just one concert. If service taxes are levied on actors, why should folk artistes performing at clubs and classical musicians be exempted? There can't be double standards,\" she says.Well, seems like this debate is not going to die down in a hurry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14636214", "title": "Namitha wants to go \u2018dirty\u2019!", "text": "Namithaa, the hot and happening actress of South Cinema openly says that she would like to play the role of Silk Smitha in the Tamil remake of The Dirty Picture! The actress who is now working hard to shed some extra kgs says, \"Nowadays people asking me about my opinion and commitment on the Tamil remake of Ektha Kapoor's The Dirty Picture . It gives immense happiness to me. Because, I'm one of the very big fans of late Silk Smitha. In fact, I'm the very suitable actress to do justice to the role. If the producer offered the role to me, I will do that with out any second thought!\" Recently, a survey revealed that Namitha is the only actress having a large number of fans in South Indian Cinema. Speaking on that, the dazzling diva told, \"It makes me more proud and happy. Thanks to my dear Machans!\"Source: cinesnacks.net", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "14624790", "title": "Jalandhar gynae booked for sex determination test on fetus", "text": "JALANDHAR: A woman doctor was caught red-handed in a city hospital by the health department on Monday late evening while conducting sex determination test on a 15-week pregnant woman.District health officer Dr R L Bassan said they had received information that a woman would be undergoing sex determination test in Kumar Hospital in Bhai Ditt Singh Nagar area. The health department officials raided the hospital while the test was underway. He said that the hospital staff had neither shown the entry of the pregnant woman in their records nor they had filled the form F, a mandatory requirement for conducting scanning on a pregnant woman.Dr Bassan said that Uppal village resident Pardeep Kaur had two daughters and was expecting another child, and they wanted that it to be a male.He said that Dr Harjinder Kaur, working in the hospital, had carried out the test. He said that the scanning machine had been sealed and a showcause notice was being issued to the doctor. He said that a criminal case would be made against the accused in the court. Health department officials said the hospital had charged a hefty fee for the test.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14620702", "title": "Pranab's date with Maya and Mulayam", "text": "LUCKNOW: On a campaign trail to garner support for himself ahead of the July 19 Presidential elections, the UPA nominee Pranab Mukherjee will have to show a perfect political balancing act that he is known for. Mukherjee will be in Lucknow for a little over eight hours and in this duration he has to meet two arch political rivals who don't see eye to eye on practically all issues. Both of them - SP and BSP - however are supporting his candidature.So, if he is adept at handling tricky and belligerent allies at the Centre, Mukherjee will have to call on some of his famous people-management skills, having accepted lunch invite from Mulayam Singh Yadav and dinner request from Mayawati.Apart from his scheduled lunch and dinner meetings, Mukherjee will also meet SP MLAs at the Vidhan Bhawan soon after his arrival in the city. His first meeting will be followed by an official lunch meeting with SP supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav and ministers of the Samajwadi government at the CM's official residence. Subsequently, the Presidential nominee will also meet MLAs from the Congress, Rashtriya Lok Dal and other smaller parties at a leading hotel in the city.In the evening, Pranab will meet former CM Mayawati , along with her MPs and MLAs, at her residence in Lucknow, after which, he will head back to Delhi.His third stop since he began campaigning for Presidentship, Mukherjee has already visited Chennai and Hyderabad to rally support for his candidature. Pitted against PA Sangma, who has the support of the Bharatiya Janata Party , Biju Janata Dal , Shiromani Akali Dal and the AIADMK, Mukherjee will be banking on SP and BSP support to ensure his victory. On Monday, Sagama attempted to queer the pitch for Mukherjee by challenging his nomination under the Office of Profit rules and said Pranab was chairman of the Indian Statistical Institute (ISI), therefore, disqualified from contesting presidential polls.On June 26, Pranab resigned from the post of Union finance minister after being nominated for the post of President by Congress chief Sonia Gandhi. The electoral college for the Presidential election has 10,98,882 votes, of which SP has 6% vote share and BSP over 4%. For Mukherjee to be elected, he needs to garner a minimum of 5,49,442 votes. Though the Congress alone has 3,30,485 votes and UPA including Trinmool Congress has 42% vote share, the party is unsure of Trinmool Congress's support for Pranab.TMC holds a 4% vote share in the Presidential elections. With TMC no longer a bankable ally, support from BSP and SP are likely to play a crucial role in deciding Pranab's future. On Tuesday, Mujherjee will be accompanied by Union Parliamentary Affairs minister Pawan Bansal, UPCC general secretary BK Hari Prasad and MP and Congress leader Avinash Pandey, among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14621051", "title": "Despite ownership documents, poor fear eviction without notice", "text": "NEW DELHI: Around two in five households in Kolkata don't have ownership or tenancy documents, while one in four live in the fear of being evicted without legal notice.In Mumbai, 30% households don't have ownership or tenancy documents and one in five feel insecure against eviction, says the UN's Millennium Development Goals Report, 2012.Released on Monday, the report says the most visible violation of housing rights faced by the urban poor today is the practice of eviction without due legal process.Despite existence of ownership or tenancy documents among clear majorities in all the cities surveyed, insecurity regarding possible eviction was found to be high \u2014 ranging from 45% of inhabitants in Lagos to 20% in Sao Paolo.In April, 2011, the UN-Habitat Governing Council adopted a resolution to put in place strategies and frameworks mainly around improved security of tenure. At the outset of MDG monitoring, security of tenure was selected as one of five indicators for assessing progress on the slum target.The latest National Sample Survey results for the period between July 2008 and June 2009 reveal about 49,000 slums existed in the urban areas of the country \u2014 both notified and non-notified. The corresponding numbers as per earlier surveys for 2002 and 1993 were about 52,000 and 56,000, respectively.The ministry of statistics and programme implementation claims there has been a decline in the number of urban slums by about 13% in a period of about 15 years since 1993. The percentage share of notified and non-notified urban slums in India remains the same in 2008-09 as in 2002 at 50.6% and 49.4%, respectively.According to the United Nations, slums are an urban phenomenon and by 2020, the target is to bring about significant improvement in the lives of at least 100 million slum-dwellers.\"Slums are an urban phenomenon and they represent an imbalance between migration into cities and economic growth within the city itself. In India, slum data have been collected for the first time in Census 2001 for towns/cities having urban population of 50,000 or more. Around 640 towns spread over 26 states reported existence of slums,\" the report says. Around 42.6 million people consisting of 8.2 million households resided in slums of these towns in 2001. The estimated slum population for 1991 is 46.26 million whereas the estimated slum population for 2001 is 61.82 million showing a growth of 15.56%.Armed conflict and violence also uprooted more than 4 million people in 2011, either inside or outside the borders of their nations. This is the highest number in many years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14619368", "title": "Blue is out, Uttar Pradesh traffic cops back to khaki", "text": "NOIDA: The UP government has decided to remove traces of all things that would remind people of the last regime led by the BSP. The colour of the uniform of Gautam Budh Nagar traffic cops has been changed from blue to khaki trousers and caps. The white shirts, however, remain. In April 2008, former UP chief minister, Mayawati, had changed the colour of uniforms from white to blue trousers. She had been criticized for her decision as blue is the colour of her party, the BSP.The UP traffic police had an all-white uniform till the BSP government came to power in 2007. It was said that the change was brought in as, owing to increasing pollution, maintaining a neat and clean uniform was a problem for cops.Officials, however, say that the decision came after a committee constituted for looking into the prospect of introducing a new dress code found that the present clothes donned by the traffic constables resembled the dress worn by security guards. \"In May, a committee was constituted and it concluded that a uniform similar to those worn by security guards created confusion. Since the traffic police are an arm of UP police, it wasn't appropriate for such cops to be dressed differently than their counterparts in other sections,\" an official said.The blue dress code \u2014 dark blue, or navy blue terrycot trousers, blue belt, blue beret, white shirt, light blue jacket and black shoes \u2014 has been replaced by white shirt, khaki terrycot trouser, khaki beret, brown leather belt, khaki socks, khaki jacket, white helmet and black shoes, with the emblem of the UP police.\"Instead of wearing a khaki shirt, the traffic sub-inspectors and inspectors will now wear white shirts,\" said Raju Babu Singh, SP (Traffic). Senior officers add that enforcement of the new dress code will not have an additional financial burden on the exchequer as the cops are paid dress allowance of Rs 1,800 per annum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14620977", "title": "At this bakery, Facebook page works as feedback", "text": "LUDHIANA: To keep a strong check on the quality and standard of products at Hot Breads, the Kukrejas have adopted many unique ways. They carry out unplanned and surprise visits to the kitchen of Hot Breads and taste the food being prepared instantly to ensure that tastes are maintained.The owner also sometimes places orders over the phone to check if their service is up to the mark. These quality checks make sure that there is no compromise in standards so that the respect the brand has earned is intact. Hot Breads also has a Facebook page which has a remarkable 5,000 likes and many suggestions offered are considered well.Customized offerings of Hot BreadsSome famous dry cakes of Hot Breads are honey almond cake, dates and walnut cake, choco-chip cake and fruit cake.The favourites are blueberry cheese cake, chocolate truffle cake, butterscotch cake and mud cake.They also have different fruit-flavoured pastries and puddings. Customers also enjoy veg-cheese pasta, which is a mix of Punjabi and Italian flavours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14622375", "title": "Legislators share Bhutan experience", "text": "PATNA: A nine-member delegation of Bihar legislators, led by Assembly speaker Uday Narayan Choudhary, which visited Bhutan, shared its experience with the media on Monday. During the nine-day-long visit, the team visited several places and held talks with ministers and speakers of National Parliament and National Council of the Himalayan country which embraced parliamentary democracy in 2007.Choudhary said all the Bhutanese people have one dream to visit Bodh Gaya at least once in their lifetime. After the visit by chief minister Nitish Kumar last year, the government and the people of Bhutan have a lot of respect for him as well as Bihar. They are very happy that Bihar allocated land at Rajgir for construction of a Dharamshala for the Bhutanese pilgrims.He said the state government has agreed to run bus service from Jaigaon, in New Jalpaiguri, which is the Indo-Bhutan border, to Bodh Gaya for their benefit. He was all praise for the civic sense among the people and their love for greenery. They observe each Tuesday as green day, said Choudhary who also watched the proceedings of the National Parliament in Thimpu.Acting chairman of the legislative council Salim Parvez who was also part of the delegation, said in Bhutan it is a precondition for the people taking part in election that they should be at least a graduate and 60% of the members of the legislative bodies are young.Niraj Kumar, MLC, said during their visit to the National Parliament, the speaker welcomed the delegation and his statement was made part of the proceedings. The National Parliament speaker remarked, \"Bihar is a home for Buddhist heritage and the people of Bihar have played vital role in preserving and promoting this rich religious heritage. We would also like to thank the people and government of Bihar for providing security and other amenities to the Bhutanese people visiting Bihar on pilgrimage.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14621396", "title": "Congress MLA seeks CBIprobe into Noida scam", "text": "LUCKNOW: UP Congress MLA Vivek Singh on Monday demanded a CBI probe into a land scam in Sectors 25A and 32A in Noida in which the UP government allegedly lost over Rs 50,000 crore.In a letter to chief minister Akhilesh Yadav , Singh has said that the above land deal was executed during Mayawati's regime with the purpose to benefit liquor baron Ponty Chadda. The BSP government handed over one lakh square metre of commercial land to his Chaddha's Wave City with a moratorium of two years, Singh, an MLA from Banda, has alleged in his letter.In a letter to the CM last week, Singh said while by giving two years moratorium the Noida authority lost around Rs 10,000 crore while the private company sold the land to other parties due to which the government lost around Rs 40,000 crore.Demanding that the SP government should refer the matter for a CBI probe, the Congress MLA said that the CM should fulfill the promises made to the people during the election by ordering the probe into the scam.He also threatened that if the government failed to order a probe then he would be forced to go before the court. Giving the details of the scam, Singh said that the government should probe all aspects of this controversial land deal and should find out as to how this deal was executed in favour of Ponty Chadda by the trusted lieutenant of Mayawati and the then PWD minister Nasimuddin Siddiqui.Later talking to media persons, Singh said that if the government delayed action against Chadda's company then it could send a message to the people that the SP government was also trying to give patronage to the liquor baron.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14623519", "title": "Romancing the Stones", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Waris Singh Ahluwalia is the envy of many. Not only has this Punjabi designed jewellery for Hollywood greats like Angelina Jolie and Rihanna , he has also starred alongside the who's who of the industry.Originally from Amritsar, Waris Ahluwalia , 37, moved to New York at the age of five, which he sees as the start of a lifetime adventure.\"My father was a professor at Guru Nanak University and my mother ran a school called Waris Public School, and had studied in New York. Moving to the big apple was like embarking on a great adventure for us, and one that has been going on ever since,\" said Waris.A graduate in political science, Waris formed the House of Waris in 2004, after a chance order from the owners of one the biggest designer boutiques in the world, Maxfield, for a ring that he had designed.\"I never could have imagined myself in this line. But a chance visit to Maxfield in Los Angeles for some shopping changed everything. I was looking around when one of the sales persons approached me, saying that the owners of the boutique had noticed my ring and would like to place a large order for it. I had just landed myself a bulk order from Maxfield's, and to my surprise, the ring was a sellout. I had to find a name for my new endeavour and decided to call it the House of Waris,\" explained Ahluwalia.Inspired by ''love and beauty'', each of his creations is an object of beauty \u2014 something special.His jewellery is handcrafted in Jaipur and Rome and has a distinct Sikh and Indian influence.\"My journey in this sphere started in Rome where I found my first workshop. It continued to India, where I happened to come across a family that had been in the jewellery business for centuries, and had an innate understanding of material. In Bangkok, I zeroed in on the most delicate setters and somehow found my way home to NY to work with hand engravers. I work with gold that holds history, diamonds that see the future, and rubies that long for love. Many of my designs have Sikh influence, and the Khalsa symbol is the logo of my jewellery house,\" said Waris.Like designing jewellery, acting too happened by chance for Ahluwalia. He bagged a role in the 2004 Wes Anderson ''The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou''.\"One day I was having dinner with Hollywood director Wes Anderson, a friend. Over dinner, he asked me what I was doing for the second half of the year. I said I had no big plans. He sent me the script for his new movie and that he had a part for me. He did not even call me for an audition. So I took a break from the jewellery business and headed to Italy for the shooting of ''Life Aquatic''. My second night in Italy, and I was dining with Bill Murray , the lead actor in the movie!\" said Waris.Waris also starred in Wes Anderson's ''The Darjeeling Limited'' in 2007 alongside Owen Wilson , Adrian Broody and Jason Schwartzman. More recently he starred in ''I Am Love'' (2009) with Tilda Swinton and ''The Inside Man'' (2006) with Denzel Washington , Clive Owen and Jody Foster. Waris recently ventured into film production with ''Here'', a short film that he produced for the luxury chain of Starwood hotels.Waris not only believes in bringing joy to the world through his beautifully jewellery but has also likes to do something for the needy. He is involved with a number of charities such as the Clinton Foundation and Endangered Species Coalition in USA. He also put together a book called \"To India with Love,\" to raise money for the victims of the Mumbai blasts in 2008.\"The book \"To India with Love\" was in response to the attack on Mumbai in 2008. It logged good sales everywhere, which is fantastic, as all our proceeds go to the Taj Memorial Public Service Welfare Trust- aiding victims, and families that suffered through the attacks. People removed the light from a little corner in the world, we're just trying to replace it. Balance. Besides money, we also wanted to raise morale. We wanted the milkman to read in his local paper that there were people on the other side of the world sending their love and care.Recently I've worked with Endangered Species Coalition and the Clinton Foundation as well,\" he said.Waris travels extensively to India for his work and his currently working on another film and the new scarves collection from the House of Waris.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14626837", "title": "Compulsory legal services in rural areas", "text": "BHOPAL: The law graduates should also be asked to undertake compulsory services in the rural areas on the likes of the one in effect for medical students. This was sated by retired Supreme Court judge, Justice D M Dharmadhikari while addressing a gathering at the commencement day of the National Law Institute University (NLIU) on Monday.Justice Dharmadhikari, who is also a former chairman of MP human rights commission , Adhikari said, It has been noticed that law graduates are keen to join corporate houses as legal advisors among other assignments instead of practicing law.\"Bar council should develop a system wherein law graduates are motivated to practice law under senior advocates. Some stipend should be decided by the bar council for the new graduates\", he added.Chairman of the union public service commission (UPSC), D P Agarwal who was the chief guest in his address said that success depends on innovative and creative approach of the students.\"One can achieve success in any field. The only need is to be innovative and creative in the approach,\" Agarwal said.Vice chancellor of RGPV, Prof Piyush Trivedi also spoke on the occasion. Director NLIU, Prof S S Singh, IIFM director, Dr R B Lal and other dignitaries were among those present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14617447", "title": "Boy scripts kidnap plot to harass kin", "text": "JAIPUR: The Kota Police was in for a shock when a 13-year-old kid concocted the story of his own kidnap and disappeared on his way to school on Monday morning. Police said the boy was living with his grandparents in Kota and was irked over not being able to stay with his parents who live in Karauli district. He had a quarrel with his elder sister on Sunday evening and hatched the plot of his own abduction to \"teach\" the family members a lesson.According to SP, Kota city Prafulla Kumar, Ashutosh Panchal is a student at a private school in the town. \"He stays with his grandfather, retired teacher. He was not keeping well with his grandparents and wanted to stay with his parents in Karauli,\" said the officer.He said though the school vacations were extended on Sunday, Ashutosh insisted that he would go to the school and check for himself if the school was closed.\"He and his elder brother Abhishek left for school around 7 am. On his way, Ashutosh suddenly disappeared. What added to the confusion is the fact that Abhishek rushed home and told the family members that his brother has been kidnapped. We are investigating why Abhishek lied,\" said the officer.He added that Abhishek claimed his brother was kidnapped and taken in a van. \"We then put up barricades and started looking for the van across the town. However, Ashutosh returned home on a bicycle around 4 pm,\" said the officer.He added that we recovered some clothes from his bag which he had planned to wear in the coming days.\"Initially, he stuck to his fake kidnap story. He said he was kidnapped by two men who kept him hostage for hours. He also said that he was tied up, but he somehow managed to free himself and escaped from there,\" said the officer.However, during further questioning, he changed the story and told the police that he had a fight with his elder sister and did not want to stay with his grandfather, so he hatched the kidnap story.\"Due to intense questioning, he got scared. So we handed him over to his family members. We will further interrogate him on Tuesday,\" said the officer.However, the police are yet to verify several things:a) Where did he get the cycle when he was walking all the way.b) Why did his brother Ashutosh also lie about his kidnap. The cops have not quizzed Ashutosh.The officer ruled out any possibility of the family members paying ransom to any kidnappers' gang. \"The boy concocted the story. We are verifying several loose ends,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "14624822", "title": "Timber! Mango tree crashes on kiosk in Siolim", "text": "MAPUSA: A mango tree came crashing down on parked vehicles and a vegetable kiosk at Tarchi bhat in Siolim on Monday. The incident took place at around 11am.Four cars were damaged when tree branches came crashing down as the heavy rains continued. Three vans and one goods carrier rickshaw parked near the tree were damaged.Residents said that the tree, which is believed to be several decades old, had considerably weakened during the current incessant showers. It was a lucky escape for the vegetable vendor, two of her servants and a customer as they all escaped unhurt. The massive branches of the tree fell through the roof of the kiosk damaging it completely.\"As I was handing over some capsicum to a customer, we heard a cracking sound and vacated the shop immediately,\" said the shop owner Surat Borkar. \"Within seconds everything was destroyed in front of our eyes,\" she said.\"If these vehicles were not there we would have been crushed under the tree. It gave us some time to escape,\" Borkar said. Soon, fire and rescue services personnel from Mapusa fire station rushed to the place and cut the tree using a power saw. No injuries were reported in the incident. The heavy rain over the past few days had weakened the soil around the old tree leading to the incident, fire personnel said. Traffic was affected while the tree was being cleared. Fire officials have estimated the loss to be around 3 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14626809", "title": "Veerappa Moily takes potshots at Karnataka government", "text": "COIMBATORE: The crisis faced by the BJP run Karnataka government is its own fault, alleged Union minster for corporate AffairsM Veerappa Moily. He was answering questions posed by reporters at a press meet organised in the city on Monday with reference to the political turmoil in the BJP-ruled state government.\"There was no majority for the government from the start,\" he alleged. He cited Operation Thamara where MLAs from the opposition parties were lured into the ruling party fours years ago. Now the party is struggling to bail out the government. \"The government is being run on a day-to-day business,\" he said.Moily said that the showdown between the chief minster Sadananda Gowda and former chief minster BS Yeddyyurappa was affecting the development of the state and the people were suffering. A state government like this is a shame for the state, he said.Later, he spoke about the various initiatives that have been brought out by the union government. \"Service tax will not go,\" he said while pointing out that some sections from the cine industry where demanding exemption from service taxes. Profit makers should be willing to share their profits with the country. The money is required for various developmental works of the country, he said.He said that private firms will be encouraged to donate for Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) initiatives. There are many parts in the country which need development. The government alone cannot provide for development in theses areas, he said. \"The industry can contribute by developing infrastructure and reducing poverty,\" he added. He said that private firms will be encouraged to put aside 2% of their profits for CSR initiatives. The government will not force them to do this. However, if they do not contribute, they will have to explain why, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14621018", "title": "Govt promises to equip police with latest weapons firearms", "text": "LUCKNOW: UP police will soon be equipped with sophisticated and ultra-modern firearms including MP-5 sub-machine guns and sniper rifles. The new firearms will further increase the combative capability of the police, which is already equipped with a host of latest weapons. This was stated by parliamentary affairs minister Mohammad Azam Khan in the state assembly on a question raised by senior BJP MLA Shyamdeo Rai Choudhury.The minister said that against the total sanctioned post of 2,04,021 police constables in the state, recruitment of 35,844 have been completed, while process to fill the remaining posts is underway. The minister also assured the members that training programme for the policemen would be made strict even as BJP member Suresh Khanna demanded that the unfit policemen should be given compulsory retirement.Responding to another question of BSP member Dharampal Singh about child abuse and crime, Khan said the crime against children in UP is less than the national average. In support of his contention, he said in 2008, UP was placed 19th in the crime rate against children in the country, while in 2009 it moved to 23rd spot and in 2010 it moved further down to 27th place.Replying to an another question about the shortage of scavengers in the state leading to problem in the cleanness drive in the cities, Khan said 35,000 new scavengers would be recruited soon. He also alleged that the contractors during the previous BSP regime had misused the public funds while no scavengers worked properly.On the issue of setting up of a separate bench of the Allahabad High Court in western UP, the minister said the state could not take a decision on the matter, as this was strictly a Central subject. Shifting the onus on the Centre, the minister said that the issue was wrapped in a politics, besides the lawyers of the Allahabad High Court were opposed to the shifting of the bench. The issue is totally political and Centre has to decide on the matter,\" he said, while responding to the question asked by Suresh Khanna of BJP.In a written reply to Congress member Mukesh Srivastava's question, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav said that Anti-Terrorist Squad had already been created in the state in November 2007, which is responsible for checking the terrorist acts.On the question about the problems of weavers, UP handloom minister Shiv Kumar Beria said that the weavers would soon get the benefit of loan waiver policy, besides they would be given subsidy in power and raw material. Saying no to a demand for setting up a commission to look into the grievances of weavers, he said the government would itself make all efforts to address the issues. In an issue concerned to 50% hike in taxes on gutkha and other tobacco products, the government justified its decision, saying that this was done to discourage the people to give up the bad habit, which is injurious to health. But at the same time, the government refused to ban the gutkha and other tobacco products and claimed that imposing such a moral code would be unethical.Replying to an adjournment notice of BJP member Shyamdeo Rai Choudhury in the House, parliamentary affairs minister said that hike of 50% of VAT on gutkha and other tobacco products have been made to make it out of reach of the people. \"The hike in its cost would force the people to give up the habit of consuming gutkha, which is bad for health,\" the minister said. But the BJP members demanded that gutkha should be banned in the state as 90% of oral cancer is due to consumption of these substances.Also issues regarding farmers committing suicides in Bundelkhand and removal of a wrong kidney by a doctor in Aligarh figured in the House during Zero Hour. Independent MLA Sushil Kumar Singh and BJP's Raj Narain Budhalia underlining the need to take a deterrent action against the guilty said that the government should invoke new sections in the law to punish those engaged in such activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14625058", "title": "Release of Konkani book", "text": "The Goa Konkani Akademi, in collaboration with the directorate of art and culture, Panaji , will organize release a Konkani book titled 'Hav Aso Ghadalo' on July 4 at 5.30pm at the Multipurpose Hall, Sanskruti Bhavan, Panaji.Monsoon ayurveda treatment: Monsoon ayurveda treatment (Karkitaki Chikitsa) has commenced at Santhigiri Hospital, Laxmi Narayan Niwas bldg, behind municipal office, Vasco, and at Tito's Hospital bldg, Holiday Street, Calangute. Treatments are ideal for 7 to 14 days, states a press note. For details, contact P C Prasad, Santhigiri ayurveda hospital, Vasco and Calangute on 9822127087.Weekly session on meditation: Enroll for a weekly session in meditation every Saturday evening from 5pm to 7pm at the Oshodhara Meditation Centre, Fatorda. For details and registration call on 9890305754.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "dimapur", "code": "14626666", "title": "Nagaland Cong slams DAN budget", "text": "DIMAPUR: The Nagaland Congress said that there is nothing to cheer about in the state's approved plan outlay of Rs 2,300 crore for 2012-13 when states like Manipur and Meghalaya have received a total approved plan outlay of Rs 3,500 crore and Rs 3,939 crore respectively.Congress said the meagre 10 per cent step-up from the Rs 1,810 crore outlay in 2011-12 displayed the state government's planning deficit.The party added that chief minister Neiphiu Rio , who also holds the finance portfolio had stated that the budget for 2012-13 would close with a cumulative deficit of Rs 695.59 crore, which means that the amount would be deducted at source from the plan money.Thus, the state plan outlay of Rs 2,000 crore (Rs 300 crore being a special package for the ENPO district), would be reduced to Rs 1,304.41 crore, Congress pointed out, adding it would greatly affect the fixed development programs as projected in the budget estimate (demand for grants) and many of the major projects would be grounded. The state's own tax and non-tax revenue receipt of Rs 493.80 crore as projected for the FY 2012-13 can't even cover salaries and wages of government employees, leave alone fill the deficit gap, Congress further stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14620393", "title": "Massacre of adivasi men: Civil society seeks probe", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prominent members of civil society have called for a judicial inquiry into the massacre of 19 adivasi men, women and children who were allegedly Maoists and urged the Chhattisgarh government to suspend its combing operations and initiate peace talks.\"We are deeply saddened at the indiscriminate killing of adivasis in Kottaguda Panchayat of Bijapur as part of the security force's combing operations. Even if they were attending a Maoist meeting, the CRPF should not have opened fire so carelessly knowing that villagers were present, and sexual assault is certainly not part of any 'encounter',\" says a statement from historian Ramchandra Guha, Professor Nandini Sundar of the Department of Sociology (Delhi University) and retired bureaucrat and civil rights activist EAS Sarma, who were all petitioners against the Salwa Judum in a case upheld by the SC.Instead of heeding the SC's directions, the Chhattisgarh and Centre, they alleged, have consciously chosen to step up paramilitary operations, retain special police officers under the new name of Armed Auxiliary Force, and have continued to violate human rights on a large scale.Meanwhile, Justice Rajinder Sachar, Brahmadev Sharma, Swami Agnivesh and Himanshu Kumar have called last week's onslaught \"cold-blooded massacre.\" They said, \"The fact that this unprovoked mass killing took place under the joint operation command directly under the Union home minister P Chidambaram and Raman Singh, Chhattisgarh chief minister, and carried out by 300 central Reserve Police Force as well as the Combined Battalion for Resolute Action makes this diabolic mass killing the most sinister ever.\"Sachar and Agnivesh drew support from an inquiry by a local Congress MLA, Kawasi Lakma, who has openly denounced the killings after visiting the scene of the crime. This report has been upheld by Ajit Jogi (ex-CM of Chhattisgarh), Charan Das Mahant, Union MoS for agriculture and Nan Kumar Patel, the state Congress party President, say the activists, who have demanded a public apology from the Prime Minister to adivasi community. The activists have also demanded the suspension of the CRPF and COBRA jawans as well as the registration of murder charges against them. They also believe that stringent constitutional action should be taken against CM Raman Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14618434", "title": "Delhi government okays skills centre", "text": "The Delhi government on Monday passed the project to set up a world-class institute on skill development in Jonapur with assistance from the Singapore government.\"The cabinet approved a draft MoU to be signed between the two governments,\" chief minister Sheila Dikshit said. Officials said the institute would be modelled on the Institute of Technical Studies, Singapore. The Singapore government offered to provide technical expertise during Dikshit's visit in October last year. The courses include those on tourism, hospitality, healthcare, automobile, and IT and IT-enabled services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14632873", "title": "Student doesn't suffer from 40% disability: IIT Delhi to HC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The IIT Delhi on Monday told the Delhi High Court that its medical board, constituted for IIT-JEE 2012, had suggested that the boy, who moved the court for a direction for his admission under the disability quota, did not meet the requisite criteria of 40 per cent permanent disability.Filing its reply before justice GS Sistani on the plea of 17 year-old Amit Kumar, a native of Bihar, the IIT said the petitioner was found with 18 per cent disability.\"The Medical Board of IIT-JEE 2012, which examined the petitioner (Kumar)on June 5, 2012, found only 18 per cent permanent disability.\"\"The Medical Board concluded that he did not qualify for the physical disability quota as the requirement of having at least 40 percent disability was not met,\" the institute said.Countering the petitioner's claim based on the certificate issued by the Darbhanga (Bihar) Medical College Hospital, the IIT said the certificate was issued in 2005 and the doctors had also opined that his condition would improve after the operation was done.It was also alleged that the state government had not authorised the Darbhanga Hospital to issue disability certificate under the Disability Act.The court asked the petitioner's counsel Ashok Aggarwal to submit the authorisation letter issued by the state government to the hospital by the next date of hearing.Kumar, in his petition, said the IIT has rejected his candidature and alleged the procedure (of medical test) adopted by IIT, Delhi, is absolutely illegal, unjustified and unwarranted inasmuch as the petitioner was already having a valid certificate certifying that he is suffering from 40 per cent disability.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14623674", "title": "Shelter home for trafficked children inaugurated", "text": "RANCHI: Jharkhand has a history of trafficked and rescued children but rarely any step is initiated for their rehabilitation them. For a change, though, a shelter home \" Premashay\" was inaugurated for trafficked kids at Nazareth Convent on Monday.Mridula Sinha, principal secretary, state social welfare department, who inaugurated the shelter home as chief guest assured state support to the new home, Sinha said, \"We need more such shelter homes where children feel safe and secure,\" she said.A panel discussion on 'Violence against women and child' was held on the occasion. Rekha Purnima Xalxo of World Vision India, said: \"Out of every three children in Jharkhand, two are physically abused. As many as 69% of the children have accepted that they have been physically abused -- 50% of whom are boys.\"She also informed about the places where such abuses occur. \"Children are mostly abused at home, schools and care centres especially which are not safe for girls.\" Suggesting some measures, Xalxo said parents need to be alert whether their child is bullied so that it doesn't develop into a psychological pressure later in their life. There should be children's club where they can be engaged in some creative work. Child protection units should be set up at village, district and state level. Parents also should also be part of associations,\" she said.Talking about malnourishment among Jharkhand children, Anup Hore, programme coordinator, Plan India, said: \"The level of Jharkhand in case of malnourishment is worse then sub-Saharan countries. A public dialogue was held in all districts of Jharkhand in which the status of the districts were presented to the respective district administration. For instance, in Hazaribag district there were 1,900 malnourished children. The Hazaribag deputy commissioner, thereafter, issued an order thatr these children be adopted by all the officials.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14615988", "title": "La Roja! Spain's the best among all-time greats", "text": "World Cup 2014 is Spain's to lose. This was the most emphatic message that came with Spain's 4-0 demolition of Italy in Kiev on Sunday. With two Euro titles - considered the toughest test in football - on either side of a World Cup win, Spain are the undisputed masters of the game now.As a dazzled world gropes for superlatives to describe them and their rightful place in sporting pantheon, clueless rival coaches are returning to age-old coaching manuals to find an answer to this side's fantastic surge.Should the South Americans - Brazil and Argentina - worry? You could argue that this Spanish team can't get more complete - something that not even Pele's wondrous team of 1970, with Felix, their weak-link goalkeeper, could boast of.Halfway in the run-up to 2014, Spain's hunger does not seem to ebb. Worse, no suitable rival appears in sight - all hallmarks of the making of an all-time sporting great.To say that Spain is now the reference point for all football is not far off the mark. Seldom has a team dominated - with such unerring consistency - modern football with such simple gear-changing ease as this team. Today, the bar in the game is not set by the South American yellow, but by the Iberian red.Top Teams. Does Spain Match Up?Pele's Brazil (1958-70)Like Spain, their football was high art. Brazil were unstoppable from 1958 when Pele, 17, inspired a World Cup win. Reached peak in 1970, to mark Brazil's golden era.West Germany (1972-76)In 6 years won Euro in '72, World Cup in '74, lost Euro final in '76 to Czechs on penalties. Beckenbauer, Muller, Vogts formed core of fabled team. In 1974 World Cup final, beat the Dutch team of Cruyff which is rated as greatest Cup final.West Indies Cricket Team (1976-95)Perhaps no team in any sport was as dominant as this side. Didn't lose a single series between 1980 and 1994. A battery of fearful fast bowlers formed core of their invincibility.Australian Cricket Team (1999-2008)Twice won 16 Tests in a row with perhaps the most balanced cricket squad, bristling with talents like the Waugh brothers, Ponting, Hayden, Warne, McGrath and Gilchrist.India's Hockey Team (1928-56)The longest reign in any sport began with Dhyan Chand's hockey team bagging gold for India from the 1928 (Amsterdam) Olympics through to 1932 (Los Angeles) &amp; 1936 (Berlin).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14623302", "title": "Naveen Patnaik blames Pranab Mukherjee of \u2018buying support\u2019", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Having propped up former Lok Sabha Speaker P A Sangma in the presidential race, chief minister Naveen Patnaik on Sunday took a swipe at the UPA's nominee Pranab Mukherjee , blaming the latter of doling out funds to certain states in his capacity as Union finance minister with an eye on the Rashtrapati Bhavan.\"Pranab Mukherjee as the Union finance minister was doling out huge sums of money going to lakhs of crores to Bihar, West Bengal and Uttar Pradesh. Could it be that this money is going because he wants certain parties like Mulayam Singh's (Samajwadi Party), Nitish Kumar's (Janata Dal-United) and Mamata Banerjee's (Trinamool Congrss) to support his candidature as Rashtrapati of India?\" said Naveen, on his return from a four-day trip to New Delhi. \"This is not private money, but people's money...your money. I am glad that people of those states would benefit, (but why is) so much money being given by the central government when the Rashtrapati elections are going on?\" he added.The BJD chief, who on had accompanied Sangma on June 28 when the latter filed his nomination papers for the Presidential elections, further stressed on the need to look at a presidential aspirant's probity and integrity and appealed all political parties to support Sangma's candidature.Naveen's criticism of Mukherjee, who going by the support different parties have pledged for him is almost certain to succeed Pratibha Patil, comes in the wake of the Centre announcing doubling of the special package for Bihar to Rs 20,000 crore during the 12th five year plan (2012-17) and UP CM Akhilesh Singh saying he was expecting Rs 90,000 crore from the Centre. While Janata Dal (United), which is in power in Bihar, broke ranks with its longtime ally BJP to support Congress' Mukherjee, the Samajwadi Party, which has formed the government in UP, too, toed the Congress line after showing initial reluctance to the seasoned politician from West Bengal.Ruling out any alliance with the Congress or the BJP, Naveen pointed out that it was the regional parties (BJD, AIADMK had on May 17 proposed Sangma's name) that took the lead in making the NCP dissident enter the presidential fray followed by a national party (BJP) and others a month later.Naveen taking potshots at Mukherjee came hours after the state Congress condemned him for \"playing the tribal and religion card\" in the president polls. \"Sangma and his proposer Naveen are attempting to influence voters by projecting him as a tribal and Christian candidate in violation of the Constitution, law and tradition,\" chief spokesman of state Congress Narasingha Mishra said, adding, \"The Constitution clearly states that voters cannot be influenced on the basis of caste, creed and religion. Anyone trying to do so would be disqualified.\"Mishra, a former law minister, said the President and Vice President Election Act, 1952, also provides that election for these posts can be nullified if candidates resort to undue practice to influence voters and added that Sangma and Naveen should refrain from such act.Mishra alleged Naveen's support for Sangma on the ground that he was a tribal lacked merit as 25 tribals have been killed during his 12-year tenure as CM. \"If Naveen has genuine concern for tribals, why does he not make a tribal his party president, vice president or even general secretary?\" he asked.Naveen discounted the charges, claiming that the state government's policies are pro-tribal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14622939", "title": "Biggest police station awaits date with CM", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Odisha's biggest police station at Tomando in Bhubaneswar is yet to become operational because of difficulty in getting chief minister Naveen Patnaik's appointment for inaugurating it.Police sources said construction of the three-storey building was completed a long time ago and it was supposed to be inaugurated in April. \"All infrastructure are in place. We are trying to fix up a date for the CM to inaugurate the police station,\" a senior police officer said.Located on the side of NH-5 (from Khandagiri towards Khurda), the police station was constructed by the state-run Odisha State Police Housing and Welfare Corporation Limited at an estimated cost of Rs 1.5 crore. \"Our work is over and we have already handed over the building to the police commissionerate. Now it is up to them to make it operational, whenever they want,\" corporation's CMD Satyajit Mohaty told TOI.Unlike most other police stations, the one at Tamando boasts of a host of amenities for police, public and accused. Separate cubicles for accused, installation of close circuit television cameras (CCTV) in the premises, conference hall, a police barrack among others are some of the facilities that are not found in existing police stations in Bhubaneswar and other places. It will be an ultra-modern police station as well as a training centre for newly recruited cops.\"We have long been waiting to get the benefit of the police station. Hopefully, it will control crime in this fast-growing suburb in Bhubaneswar,\" said Sahadeb Routray, a local resident.At present, Tamando comprises six mouzas under the jurisdiction of the Khandagiri police. Once the Tamando police station starts functioning, at least 15 villages (7-8 km radius) would be transferred from Khandagiri police limits to the former.Tamando is among the 14 zones of Bhubaneswar plan area, identified for overall development in line with the comprehensive development plan (CDP). The area has been proposed to be among the extensive development zones, relating to housing projects and construction of new roads for easy accessibility. The Indian Institute of Technology-Kharagpur prepared a micro-level planning to improve public utility facilities and quality of life in Tamando region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14624208", "title": "Jailbirs get wings", "text": "Mangalore: They live a life confined to the four walls of prison. However, these jailbirds have transformed it to a secluded place of retreat. Theatre has smoothened the hearts of 40 convicts and freed their minds from the criminal acts committed in the heat of the moment.They will showcase their talents at the four-day drama fest - 'Jailininda Jailige Rangayatra'- which kick started at Town Hall here on Monday.Sitting in a corner of the festival venue and memorizing his part ,Mahesh Bagoli, 28, appeared far away from the hustle and bustle around him. Sentenced to life imprisonment in 2003 on charges of murder along with his mother Rajamma, Bagoli is serving his jail term in Mysore prison.\"I can't wait to go back to the jail to share my experiences with my mother. She will be waiting for me to hear about the outside world and the theatre festival,\" he said.It is the dream of every convict to come out of the stone walls of the jail, said Amburaj, another convict. Jailed for supporting forest brigand Veerappan in 1998, he gets a chance to come out the prison once in a year to perform in drama festivals organized by Mysore based Sankalpa theatre repertoire. \"I was extremely depressed for years. But ever since I started participating in dramas, I am at peace with myself,\" he added.Tears rolled down on face of Kashi Vishwanath Murari, a prisoner from Dharwad jail, when he said that he wanted to be released to live with his children. \"I have been imprisoned on charges of killing my wife a decade ago. I am a changed man now. I want to go back home and live with my kids. The government should consider premature release of prisoners who are reformed,\" he added.Food for thought Shankar,26, who was released from jail three months ago, came all the way from Dharwad to meet his friends. He had brought with him lunch boxes containing puliyogare, lemon rice and sweets. \"I know the problems of inmates. I have bought the food because every inmate will be very happy when he gets to taste different food,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14617612", "title": "CBI upbeat, all set for July 5 hearing", "text": "JAIPUR: The CBI investigating the Bhanwari Devi's abduction and murder case finally has reasons to rejoice. The agency is all set for July 5 the next hearing of the case. The CBI is also armed with the FBI report.The arrest will now make the hearing possible. Earlier, it was feared by the public prosecutor that if Jakhar could not be arrested by July 5, it could delay the trial process.A fortnight ago, the much awaited report of Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) confirmed that that the bones sent to them for testing were that of the missing government nurse Bhanwari Devi. This gave the first evidence that the nurse was \"actually\" dead. The report, is likely to be submitted at the trial court in Jodhpur on July 5 and the CBI is expecting to tighten the noose on all those who allegedly conspired in the nurse's abduction and the subsequent murder and disposing of the body.\"Irrespective of the fact that some of the accused have withdrawn their statement, they can't expect any respite now as it is confirmed that Bhanwari Devi is dead. This report will make our case stronger against all the 16 accused who were not only behind the conspiracy but also in the murder and disposing of the body of Bhanwari,\" S S Yadav, special public prosecutor, CBI cases, told TOI on Thursday.\"It would be easier for us to classify who were the key conspirators, who executed the murder and who all were behind the disposing of the body at the Indira Gandhi canal,\" he added.Elaborating the importance of FBI report, a CBI officer, said, \"In a murder case, it is necessary to recover the body. There should be specific confirmation of the death. When FSL experts of AIMS in February 2012 stated that the bones were of animals, it was a big set back since CBI had only those remains as evidence. But this report will consolidate the charges framed by CBI in the second and third chargesheets,\" a CBI officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14626722", "title": "Exhibition held on late Mishing artist's work", "text": "GUWAHATI: Valentina Doley is a Mishing painter who died at the young age of 32. In order to keep her alive through her work, an exhibition has been organized during the Mishing Youth Festival at the State Art Gallery. The range of the exhibits included abstracts, still objects, landscapes and others, but it were the self-portraits that best encapsulated the artist's inner understanding of the world around her through the usage of colour and brushstrokes.Doley, who passed away last year, held a bachelors degree in fine arts from the Delhi College of Fine Arts and another degree on museology from the National Museum in Delhi. She was also closely associated with the concept of preservation of traditional art forms and development of Mishing art and culture.It was her life's dream to use her art to highlight the malaise of the flood-ravaged Mishing people and to be part of the cause but her desire was never accomplished.\"We are organizing this exhibition as a tribute to Valentina Doley. We hope that her art work will inspire the youth to follow similar creative pursuits. She wanted to do a lot for the Mishing people through her paintings,\" said Ronoj Pegu, the president of the organizing committee of the Mising Youth Festival.Doley's last works included a series of four paintings that currently are on display at the art gallery. After the completion of the paintings, Doley died of a heart ailment that had plagued her for four years.\"Valentina wanted to form a trust through which she wanted to help poor students who want to pursue art. She wanted to help her fellow artists as well. Even though she was unwell, she took part in an international art seminar in Delhi,\" said Raju Doley, the artist's elder brother.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14621775", "title": "Experts hail UN tag for Western Ghats, seek more attention", "text": "CHENNAI: As a result of sustained lobbying by India, the Western Ghats has been declared a Unesco world natural heritage site by the World Heritage Committee at its meeting held in St Petersburg on Sunday.The recognition has come despite caution from the International Union for Conservation of Nature. IUCN director Tim Badman said, \"The Western Ghats and the Lena Pillars are certainly regions that hold spectacular natural values, but IUCN's evaluations considered that more work was needed on these nominations to meet the standards the convention has set in its operational guidelines.\"\"We welcome these sites to the World Heritage List, but note the conservation challenges that they face will need additional monitoring by the World Heritage Committee to ensure that these sites meet the requirements that accompany this listing as flagships for global conservation,\" he added. Ecologist and head of Western Ghats Ecology Expert Panel (WGEEP), Madhav Gadgil told TOI that while he welcomed the recognition by the United Nations, the tag would actually make very little difference on ground. Unless the state and Central governments get determined about really protecting the region, no tag can save it.According to Wildlife Institute of India officials, who formed part of the Indian delegation, this is the first time that India is getting heritage tag for a cluster of 39 sites. The heritage committee said: \"Older than the Himalayan mountains, the mountain chain of the Western Ghats represents geomorphic features of immense importance with unique biophysical and ecological processes. The site's high mountain forest ecosystems influence the Indian monsoon pattern. Moderating the tropical climate of the region, it presents one of the best examples of the monsoon system on the planet. The site also has an exceptionally high level of biological diversity and endemism. It is recognized as one of the world's eight \"hottest hotspots\" of biological diversity. The forests of the site include some of the best representatives of non-equatorial tropical evergreen forests anywhere and are home to at least 325 globally threatened flora and fauna.\"\"Our nomination covers only 5% of the Western Ghats with 39 scattered sites,\" said Vivek Menon, executive director of Wildlife Trust of India (WTI) and regional director of International Fund for Animal Welfare (IFAW). \"India should rejoice that it has added one more of its crown jewels to the list of world heritage,\" Indian ambassador to Unesco Vinay Sheel Oberoi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14618140", "title": "Railways suspends 4 clerks hand in glove with touts", "text": "NEW DELHI: Desperate to put an end to the tout trouble, the railways has suspended four enquiries-cum-reservation clerks till further investigations after sudden checks at the Madipur reservation office.\"The four employees were suspended on Monday as a few irregularities were found in their activities. Disciplinary action against all of them has been initiated by the commercial department of Northern Railway,\" said chief public relations officer, Northern Railway, Neeraj Sharma.He added that the department head will show-cause the employees. \"They will be given a chance to defend themselves after which a decision will be taken on whether to terminate their service,\" said Sharma.The railway may also go to police if it unearths large-scale criminal conspiracy, but so far there is nothing to go beyond the laid-out rules. \"The vigilance unit found from a tout eight Tatkal tickets bought in an illegal manner. Though any direct connivance was not found, we decided to act against them,\" said Sharma.RPF has arrested 95 touts in Delhi alone ever since TOI began its campaign a week ago. \"General manager V K Gupta has directed us to release the names and addresses of these touts so that they are socially boycotted,\" an official said. While three men were apprehended from the New Delhi booking counter in the past two days, one each was held from the Sarai Rohilla and Patel Nagar counters.The railways has also decided to transfer immediately all suspected staffers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14617224", "title": "Sirens of scream rustle up the dead", "text": "LONDON: It's ruffled underwear of the new millennium; the offensive side of lawn tennis, the grunting, growing and all that noise. It's also a question of being heard rather than watched?The top-two ladies of the Tour - Maria Sharapova and Victoria Azarenka - notorious for the noise that accompanies their strokemaking. The Russian is by far the loudest while the Belarusian has the longer grunt, that sounds like a drawn out wheeze. So much so that spectators and the media are using smartphone apps to measure the frequency of the \"Sirens of Scream.\"One media report claimed that Sharapova, whose blood-curdling yells of \"aarrrrrggghhhhh\", clocked an impressive 1725 hertz, almost three octaves above the Williams sisters' more grunty cries. To a decibel meter, Sharapova sounded like a food processor and Azarenka like an outdated washing machine.Grunting isn't just a topic of heated discussion among fans and in the media, fellow pros are also saying they wouldn't want to watch a match featuring players who are so loud. While there are a lot of players who grunt, he frequency and the decibel level of the expression is a point of concern. Wimbledon's No. 15 seed in the women's draw, Sabine Lisicki took up her second round opponent Bojana Jovanovski's grunting with the chair umpire. The German complained that she couldn't hear the ball being hit because of Jovanovski's grunting.When Sharapova was asked if she could cut down the volume of her grunts, she replied, \"Umm, certainly not now. Not since I've been doing it since I was four. It's tough and impossible to change something you've been doing for over 20 years.\" While the world No. 1 says, she's 'too old for change', she has had discussions with WTA chairman and chief executive Stacey Allaster on the grunting issue and applauds their effort -- so long as they start with the kids.\"I'm the first person actually that's sat down with coaches, sports psychologists and analysts, and reviewed what could be done,\" the Russian said of her conversations with Allaster. \"Going to the academies that are producing the young players, and putting a system in place. It's extremely smart, the way forward.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "14624661", "title": "Dalbir Kaur meets Salman Khan with high hopes", "text": "AMRITSAR: Sarabjit Singh's sister Dalbir Kaur and his daughters met actor Salman Khan in Mumbai on Sunday. She said they are now more motivated and the fight for Sarabjit's release shall continue. Salman Khan had announced to support the Sarabjit campaign some days ago and had launched an online campaign asking people to participate.Dalbir Kaur said Salman Khan assured the family that he would not only appeal to the Indian and Pakistani politicians for the release of Sarabjit, but would personally interact with those he knew. Sarabjit Singh's daughter Swapandeep Kaur said, \"I am sure Salman would help us bring my father back home soon.\" Dalbir Kaur was impressed over Salman's seriousness over the issue. The family also met actor Raza Murad for his support.Sarabjit's wife Sukhpreet Kaur said she was happy that support was pouring in from everywhere, even Bollywood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14624016", "title": "Students perform rituals for rain", "text": "VARANASI: The people of all the communities are praying for the arrival of monsoon. Students of Gayatri Vidya Mandir performed rituals by keeping earthen pots on their heads to impress the rain god at Asi ghat on Monday.As per records of Central Water Commission, 227.8 mm rainfall in the district was recorded by this time in 2011, while this year only 18.2 mm rainfall has been recorded so far. BC Goswami, incharge district magistrate, held a meeting with officials of education department on Monday and changed the timings of primary and upper primary sections of schools. As per the new schedule, classes will run from 7 am to 10 am while earlier the school timing was 10 am to 1 pm. All other classes will run as per the fixed schedule.Soaring mercury and unbearable sunshine continued on Monday. According to multimodel ensemble-based district-level weather forecast of Indian meteorological department (IMD) issued on Monday, the region may witness no rainfall till July 7.The forecast says that the maximum temperature, which was 41.1 degree Celsius on Monday, is expected to rise to 42 degrees on Tuesday. As per the forecast, the maximum temperature may start declining from Wednesday. The humidity may rise upto 83 per cent by July 7.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14620602", "title": "City Of Joy prays for Dominique", "text": "KOLKATA: Everything that is not given is lost. Dominique Lapierre, the author of City of Joy, followed these words all his life. In fact, his belief on these words brought him to Kolkata, thousands of miles away from his country and serve the poorest of the poor here. His continuous support to those in need gradually made him the real-life \"Big Brother\" Father Stephan of his novel. No wonder then that thousands of people in the city and its suburbs, whose lives Dominique-da has changed forever, is praying for the recovery of their saviour, who slipped into coma and has been kept on life support for two weeks now.The French author, who turned 81 on June 30, tripped and knocked his head on the sidewalk in his village Ramatuelle where he had gone to cast his vote for the elections. He has been in coma since then.\"From the employees to children in our centres, everyone is praying for Dominique-da's recovery. They are enquiring about his health every now and then,\" said Subho Narayan Das, president of Asha Bhawan Centre (ABC) in Howrah's Uluberia.ABC runs a centre in Kanthila for children with learning disabilities and a school for the underprivileged kids at Parbakshi in Bagnan. Lapierre has been associated with the organization since its inception in 1999. He makes it a point to visit the centre every year not only to see if everything was fine, but also to be in company of the downtrodden children. Last year, he visited the centre on December 8. He was scheduled to come in November this year. The children are hopeful that their Dominique-da will not fail this promise.\"Brother Gaston has been telling us not to lose hope and pray for Dominique-da. He also says that we have to continue with his philanthropic mission even as we go through this difficult phase,\" added Das. Gaston Roberge, a former French national, is a close associate of the French author and has settled in Uluberia after acquiring Indian citizenship.Lapierre has been infusing life into many deprived people in the state by pumping in funds to several NGOs from the royalty of his bestsellers. He also raises funds from his friends and associates in France and other countries. So committed was the author with his humanitarian projects that he reportedly sold one of his house in France few years back as the fund he raised fell short of the amount he had committed to some NGOs. Some of the organizations that get steady support from Lapierre are ABC, Udayan, and Southern Health Improvement Samity (SHIS).\"The best part about him is that apart from the monetary help, he was always eager to travel to remote corners to meet the deprived personally, giving them a sense of belonging. We are continuously praying for his health,\" said Adbul Wohad, founder of SHIS.Associated with SHIS since 1986, Lapierre has been instrumental in setting up hospitals on boat in the island so that many in the inaccessible areas were not deprived of medical facilities. Complete with medical team and pathology facilities and medicine, four boats have been reaching out to thousands in the islands for more than two decades now.\"I was suffering from tuberculosis. It was detected and I got cured because of the medical facilities provided by Dominique da. I always meet him whenever he comes down. Though we do not speak the same language, he always communicates with me through an interpreter. He is an inspiration for many like us to fight adversaries. I am shattered to hear that he is ill. May he get well soon,\" said Sunadr Mondal, a labourer from Gosaba who now works as a patient leader for the tuberculosis affected.A believer in Gandhi who often quoted Tagore was honoured with Padma Bhushan, the third civilian award, in 2008. Now as the author fights for life, the City of Joy prays for the philanthropist.As City of Joy author Dominique Lapierre lay in coma in distant France, thousands whose lives have been touched upon by Dominique da's philanthropist hand, spend anxious moments in Kolkata and the suburbs. Lapierre has made a difference to the lives of many by not only extending monetary help through several NGOs here but also by personally visiting them every year. No doubt everyone has just one prayer on their lips now and that is for the speedy recovery of their beloved Dominique da.The French author who turned 81 on June 30 is on life support for two weeks now. Lapierre tripped and knocked his head on the sidewalk in his village Ramatuelle where he had gone to cast his vote for the French elections. He has been in coma since that accident.\"Starting from the staff to the children in our centres, everyone is praying for Dominique da's speedy recovery. Every now and then they are enquiring about their Dominique da's health,\" said Subho Narayan Das, president Asha Bhawan Centre (ABC) in Howrha's Uluberia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14638237", "title": "Allari Naresh\u2019s new movie is Dorakadu", "text": "'Comedy King' Allari Naresh's new movie under the direction of G Nageshwar Reddy is titled \"Dorakadu\". It is evident that Allari Naresh's films have amusing titles, although it is unclear whether the actor chooses to act in films that have funny titles or that his films are given funny titles.This time for \"Dorakadu\", the actor is teaming up with G.Nageswara Reddy again to recreate the magic of Seema Sastry and Seema Tapakai. Ammi Raju, Allari Naresh's manager, is producing the film under Siri Cinema Banner. Dorakadu is expected to commence shooting on the auspicious day of Vijaya Dasami in October. The search for the heroine is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14623031", "title": "Three on bike knock down cop, arrested", "text": "NASHIK: Indiranagar police have arrested three persons for knocking down a traffic cop on duty on Sunday.Naik Ganpat Potinde, attached to the city traffic department was performing his duty near Ganraj Sweets in Pathardi Phata, when he came across three persons on a motorbike at around 5pm.Potinde indicated at them to stop but the three to stop them, the bikers knocked him down, due to which he suffered injuries. The three accused - Vilas Katkade (23), of Sinnar, Vishwas Mahadu Gaikwad (27), of Krushna Nivas, Pathardi Phata and Sambhaji Nikam (27), a resident of Samata Nagar, Takli have been arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14617048", "title": "End of traditional varieties? Scientists exploring designer rice", "text": "HYDERABAD: Can anybody design rice instead of depending on traditional varieties? Yes, aver scientists at the Directorate of Rice Research (DRR) at Rajendranagar here. They claim that 'designer rice' is a possibility and that future generations can consume the rice yielded from genetically-engineered plants.While scientists across the globe are busy experimenting on this, an international symposium to be held here soon is going to explore various possibilities of producing the designer rice.According to scientists, designer rice is the one yielded from a rice plant which possesses all the nutrients but grows well despite lack of water.Currently, India has about 1,000 varieties of rice of which Masoori, Samba Masoori and MTU 1010 are the most sought after. India produces 128 million tonnes of rice annually. \"Though the available varieties are high-yielding, they lead to shrinking of natural resources like land, water, etc. and adversely affect the climate which further lowers rice production and productivity,\" J S Bentur, principal scientist at the DRR, said.Scientists say that paddy requires more water than any other crop. Nearly 3,500-4,500 litres of water are required to produce one kg rice. But in the coming years, water availability will be much less. Also, as population is constantly rising, the current yield of 128 million tonnes may not be enough to meet the growing needs, scientists pointed.\"Designer rice will require fewer pesticides,\" a scientist said. The World Rice Research Institute based in the Philippines is focusing on designer rice production in the wake of the growing population across Asia, Africa and South America. Scientist Siddique told TOI that the cost of producing such a variety would not be very high.The Society for Advancement of Rice Research (SARR) at DRR, under the co-sponsorship of the Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR), Department of Biotechnology, and Acharya NG Ranga Agricultural University will be organising an international seminar on designer rice on July 9-10. More than 50 scientists from America, Australia, and the United Kingdom will be presenting their work on designer rice during the meet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14621358", "title": "Long queues mark first day of fee submission", "text": "CHANDIGARH: On the first day of fee submission, government schools in Tricity witnessed long queues of Class XI students as the counters opened at 9am on Monday.Tuesday is the last day for submitting fee. In most of the schools, half of the selected students are yet to submit their fees.\"I submitted my fee after standing in a long queue under the blazing sun. I am happy my turn came before the counter was closed,\" said Shalini Gupta, a student of Government Model Senior Secondary School, Sector 40.\"As I reached here late, my turn came just before the school was about to close its fee counter,\" said Amrita Sharma, a student of GMSSS-19.The Government Model Senior Secondary School, Sector 10, principal, Indra Beniwal, said, \"There are 180 seats in Class XI. And 68 students submitted their fees on the first day.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "14623818", "title": "Farmers prevent paddy seeds from being sold", "text": "LOHARDAGA: Timely action by local farmers saved paddy seeds of Sithio village from being sold in the open market by LAMPS (Lohardaga Large Area Multipurpose Project Society) officials.The seed was stored for distribution to farmers at subsidized rates. But the farmers, somehow, came to know of the intention of the LAMPS officials. The society officials had made arrangements to sell the seeds by changing the packets. But the farmers on Monday morning reached the LAMPS office at Sithio village of Senha block and the matter came to light.Farmers Ganesh Sahu, Kinu Baitha, Nakul Sahu called panchayat committee member Ramlakhan Prasad who found many sacks were kept ready for sale in the market. \"LAMPS president Shivdayal Bhagat and secretary Babua Oraon accepted their plan to sell the paddy seeds but apologized for their bid. I have asked the department officials to take severe action against them,\" said a farmer.The villagers said the LAMPS had always been involved in scams. \"At the time when farmers needed fertilizers for fields, the LAMPS had purchased near 50 quintals of 'mahua' and stored it for nothing,\" one of them said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-03"}
