{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16803643", "title": "40-year-old man found dead in Sector 5 plot", "text": "GURGAON: A 40-year-old Delhi based man was killed by unknown persons when he was returning to his house in Delhi from Gurgaon on Thursday night. His body was found in an empty plot in Sector 5 but the bike he owned was missing.There was an injury mark on his head. Police have lodged an FIR of murder against unknown persons on the basis of the statement by the victim's brother. According to police, a passerby informed police on Friday that a dead body was lying at a plot near Labour Chowk.Police reached the spot and took the body in their custody. The victim was identified as 40-year-old Satbir, resident of Wadhu Saray, Delhi. His brother Satpal identified his body and told police that Satbir was working with a private firm, located in Daultabad industrial area. The bike, which he used to commute on, was also provided by the firm.\"My brother received head injuries and his bike was also missing. It is clear that my brother was killed,\" Satpal said. Police have lodged an FIR. \"The victim was seen by some people at a liquor shop late at night. We are investigating the matter from all angles and are searching for his missing bike,\" an investigating officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16806461", "title": "BCCI floats tender for new IPL franchise", "text": "NEW DELHI: After terminating cash-strapped Deccan Chargers from the Indian Premier League, the BCCI on Sunday began the process of finding a new team by floating tender notices for a fresh franchise.\"Under this invitation to tender, the winning bidder will be granted the right to own and operate a new team which will compete in the IPL in each year from and including 2013 onwards and will have the opportunity (if applicable and subject to qualification) to compete in each and any CLT20 which is staged from 2013 onwards.\" the BCCI said in an advertisement published in leading newspapers.The bids have been invited in respect of 12 cities -- Ahmedabad, Cuttack, Dharamsala, Indore, Hyderabad, Kanpur, Kochi, Nagpur, Noida, Rajkot, Ranchi and Vizag.The tender notice said that all bidding parties will need to fulfil the eligibility criteria and other requirements specified in the Invitation to Tender.\"Bids must be submitted at 12 noon IST on Thursday October 25. The winning bids will be announced in the manner set out in the Invitation to Tender,\" the BCCI advert said.Earlier, after a month long legal battle, Deccan Chargers lost their status as an IPL team after the Bombay High Court stayed the order of Arbitrator for maintaining status quo on the matter till further hearing.The beleaguered owners of Deccan Chargers had failed to produce a Rs 100-crore bank guarantee before the Bombay High Court, a condition that had been set for the struggling team's survival in the league. They later approached the Court-appointed Arbitrator who had passed the order of status quo.Deccan Chronicle Holdings Limited's failure to furnish the guarantee money before the 5pm deadline on Friday effectively meant that the BCCI's termination of the team stood and the Board was free to float the tender for a new franchise.Deccan Chargers were hoping to resolve their financial problems by selling the team but they rejected the sole bid they received at the auction in Chennai on September 13.PVP Ventures Limited, the Hyderabad-based urban infrastructure and film production company, had offered Rs 900 crore but Deccan rejected it finding the terms of payment and the amount unacceptable. DCHL purchased the Hyderabad franchise for Rs 428 crore in 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16804587", "title": "Their innovation comes to life as helpful models", "text": "MANGALORE: Engineering students, teaching faculties and doctors of Manipal University are gearing up to design innovative working models of equipments, which are useful in agriculture, nutrition and energy sectors, under the Base of the Pyramid (BOP) programme, an industry-academia partnership between Manipal University and Philips. Since the beginning of this partnership in 2004, the objective is to provide innovative ideas and working models to various companies to develop affordable equipment to ensure good health services to rural people.Under this programme, students and faculties of the university have been visiting rural areas across Udupi district to identify necessary innovative equipment for health sector which are useful to rural people.Manipal University BOP head Harishchandra Hebbar told STOI that for instance, where hospitals are situated faraway from villages, a doctor needs a wireless device like a mobile-equipped fetal heart beat rate reading device to check the heart beat of pregnant women. Under the BOP programme, initially doctors visit villages and identify problems and equipment required for providing good health services, he said.After the problem is identified, doctors will give an idea to engineering students and faculties of the university to design necessary equipment, he added.In the final stage, engineering students and faculties design a working model of equipment based on ideas given by doctors and these models and ideas will be presented before Philips and other companies, who are carrying out research to design a similar kind of equipment, said Harishchandra. In the past eight years, the university has given 300 ideas to design innovative equipment, 40 working models of equipment and four working models to different companies. The companies have reworked on these working models and launched it in market for sale.\"Since the inception of BOP, we are concentrating only on health sector. Now the university is planning to expand its research in the field of nutrition, agriculture, energy and other sectors to obtain new ideas to design equipment for these sectors,\" said Harishchandra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16804106", "title": "Nagpur\u2019s biggest halls to come up near Kalamna market", "text": "NAGPUR: Residents of eastern and northern part of the city always complain that civic agencies Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) and Nagpur Improvement Trust (NIT) create most of the facilities in west Nagpur. Now they can boast of housing the biggest halls in the city.NIT in association with Naivedhyam group is constructing two 8,500 square feet halls near Lata Mangeshkar garden on the road linking Pardi Square to Kalamna market. Currently, the biggest halls are in the range of 6,000 and 6,500 square feet. The project is being executed on built operate and transfer (BOT) basis.\"We had a 28,000 square feet land for which we floated tenders. Naivedhyam group bagged the tender by quoting highest upfront premium. In addition they will pay an annual license fee of Rs4.5 lakh. The land lease is for 60 years and the ground rent will be increased after 30 years,\" an NIT official said adding that the construction would be complete by March and they would be opened from April or May next year.NIT chairman Pravin Darade said the halls could be used for marriage receptions, conventions and various other functions. \"A person living in Wardhaman Nagar need not hold his family function 5km from his house any longer,\" he said.The agency is also in the process of finalizing the award of a tender of developing a high-end school in Waddhamna on Amravati Road. \"The school will come up on 1.75 acre land, 14km from Zero Mile. The project will be executed on built operate own and transfer (BOOT) basis. Somalwar Education Academy has bagged the project. We will shortly enter into an agreement with them,\" the official said.The official said this tender too was bagged by quoting the highest upfront premium. \"We had floated the tender three times earlier but did not get any response. This time we got good response. In addition the operator will pay annual land rent. The academy will design the school but it will require our sanction,\" the official said.There are four small open spaces near the school, which the operator will have to level and develop as sports area for nearby residents.Darade said he was confident that a good school would come up. \"Most of the new high-end schools are outside the city because big land plots are no longer available within municipal limits,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16809992", "title": "Girls Aloud will split after next year's tour", "text": "Girls Aloud will be splitting for good once they have finished their last encore on the final gig next year, it has been revealed.As part of their farewell, the girl band will also release a greatest hits album to mark their 10 years together.Revealing more than she should have done in her book, Cheryl Cole unveiled the girls' plans for their special reunion.\"We'll be working on a tour and greatest hits album. Then I think that's it for Girls Aloud ,\" the Mirror quoted her as saying.\"We've achieved more than any of us ever dared to dream of,\" she said.The 29-year-old singer also said that revealing the top secret information in her book ' Cheryl Cole: My Story ' landed her in trouble with the band's management.\"The book was supposed to come out after we said something, so to put it quite frankly I've dropped myself in the sh*t,\" she said on 'ALAN CARR: Chatty Man' .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16802752", "title": "Workshop on e-learning held", "text": "INDORE: Principals of various Indore schools attended a day-long workshop on e-learning organized by Next Education India Pvt. Ltd at Hotel Sayaji here. The objective of the seminar was to make them aware of the benefits of e-learning in schools.Corporate Trainer and education management consultant Kala Mohan was the chief guest, while principal of Takshashila Junior College, Ujjain, Ganeshan was the guest of honour. The key note speaker was vice- president of academic training,Next Education India, Dheeraj Mehrotra.In a highly interactive session, Kala Mohan highlighted the advantages of e-learning technology. \"E-learning also called as tech-learning makes learning enjoyable and interesting making the attitude of students positive,\" she said adding that theoretical subjects such as history and geography become more fascinating with visuals.Dheeraj Mehrotra said, \"The seminar focuses on educating the principals about the benefits of adapting digital technology in classrooms. The response has been immensely positive and we hope to have made a difference by bringing the principals a step closer to embracing the futuristic system of education.\"Emphasising on e-learning methodology, he said \"Present generation has turned into a 'Google generation' with more and more involvement in social network. Therefore electronic presentation is today's generation's language, and every school and teacher should embrace today's technology.\"Mehrotra informed that digital e-learning is becoming high on demand as parents require quality teaching and this can be only possible when schools have quality tools. \"Though it may incur a bit hike in fee, but parents seem to be inclined for the e-learning process,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "16804914", "title": "Turn to Nada Sahib may shrink soon", "text": "PANCHKULA: In what may cause inconvenience to thousands of pilgrims visiting the historical Nada Sahib Gurdwara near Panchkula, the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) has proposed to connect the shrine with the main road through a pedestrian underpass. In its plans for four-laning the Panchkula-Yamunanagar NH-73 stretch, the highway authority would not allow vehicles to turn right on the elevated road in front of the shrine, a route commonly taken by vehicles.According to information provided by NHAI pertaining to connectivity on the proposed four-lane highway, the gurdwara would have no provision for any other vehicular underpass.For other residential sectors situated on the highway, a median opening and vehicular underpass have been planned to avoid traffic congestion.Surprised over the NHAI decision, advocate Vijay Bansal, who is the president of Shivalik Vikas Manch, has shot off a letter to its chairman, asking him to review the decision. He has also asked the NHAI to make a provision for two vehicular underpasses \u2014 20m each \u2014 so that pilgrims do not face any traffic trouble during their visit.\"In the absence of any vehicular lane on the proposed four-lane to the gurdwara, there would be huge traffic chaos on the service lane as pilgrims would be forced either to park their vehicles on the road or take a u-turn, which would lead to traffic congestion on the highway,\" Bansal said.Importantly, the SGPC-run Nada Sahib Gurdwara has a spacious building on the highway with huge three-storey parking and a \"langar\" hall.Talking to TOI, project director of NHAI Anil Dahiya said the plan of proposed four-laning the NH-73 had a provision of pedestrian underpass only on the elevated road in front of the gurdwara and no vehicles would be allowed to take a right turn after the work is through.Besides, NHAI has also made a provision of a 12m vehicular underpass to connect with sectors 25 and 26 but residents have asked the authority to make three vehicular underpasses of 20m width.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16803956", "title": "Italian expertise to check leakage in water pipes", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) has launched a project wherein civic engineers trained by Italian experts will check 10,000 water connections in the city for leakage.V G Kulkarni, head of the water department, PMC, told TOI, \"The project aims to detect water supply pipeline leakages.\" The city is divided into 380 district metered areas (DMA), of which five DMAs - Katraj, Yerewada, Bhavani Peth, Vimannagar and Sahakarnagar - have been selected for the first phase of the project.He said as many as 2,000 connections per DMA will be checked for leakage during the first phase of the project that began on Thursday and is expected to be completed in about two months. The modern method of 'voice detection' will be used for the purpose. A specially designed voice detector and voice recorder assesses the sound of water as it flows and is able to differentiate it from the sound where a leakage in underground pipelines has occurred.\"Experts from Italy were invited to train nine PMC engineers for the purpose. The training included theory and field training,\" Kulkarni said.He said, \"In the second phase, which will start by next year, the PMC intends to check two lakh water connections for leakage. Door-to-door collection of data for water leakage and water usage will be done and the information will later be used for the water audit too.\"The PMC has planned a detailed assessment of Pune's actual water use, loss due to leakage, illegal water connections and evaporation losses through a water audit. The audit is being carried out to ensure better management of water supply and its data will be used to solve water problems in the city. It will also help in better maintenance of water supply infrastructure.The irrigation department has allotted 11.5 TMC water for Pune, but the city draws over 14 TMC water from the reservoirs of Khadakwasla, Temghar, Varasgaon and Panshet dams. The quota is claimed to be higher than the normal requirement of the city, yet the city faces water shortage because of distribution losses and water mismanagement by the civic body.The civic body's water supply calculations are based on the assumption that Pune's population is around 35 lakh. About 135 litre to 150 litre of water per head per day puts the total water consumption at about 7.8 TMC. Unfortunately, leakage and water theft is shrinking the quantum of water the city gets.The city has faced a problem with unequal distribution of water, with core areas receiving more water than the fringe areas. The total wastage in the supply system is 20%, of which 12% is due to problems in the distribution system and 8% is wasted during treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16803436", "title": "CR Park robbery: Former maid led duo to house", "text": "NEW DELHI: Four days after robbers broke into the CR Park residence of 79-year-old Archana Chakroborty, the special staff of southeast district police has arrested two suspects, identified as Naba Kumar Das and Mrityunjay, and a jeweller named Ramzan Ali, who allegedly received the looted gold. Police claimed to have recovered the entire looted property. This includes a gold chain, a mobile phone of the victim, Rs 35,000 cash and 14 grams of gold.\"On sustained interrogation, Naba Kumar Das disclosed that he and his associate Mrityunjay hatched a plan to target the house of a senior citizen - preferably a woman who would not resist them - in the CR Park area before Durga Puja,'' said additional CP (southeast) Ajay Chaudhry.Mrityunjay had been working as a driver in the same area for the last seven years and knew it very well. Pushpa, a former maid of the victim and girlfriend of the accused Naba Kumar, tipped off Mrityunjay about Archana being alone at her house. They targeted the house of the senior citizen in the early hours of October 9, entering it after breaking the glass pane of the main door and overpowering Archana, who was sleeping in her bedroom. They tied her and ransacked the house before fleeing with the loot.On October 9, Janmejoy Santra, a domestic help, informed police he was sleeping on the top floor of the house while Archana was asleep on the ground floor. Around 3.30am, when he heard Archana ring the alarm bell, he came running to the ground floor and saw that the door of the drawing room was open and Archana was lying on the bed with her legs and hands tied. She told him that the robbers entered the house around 2.45am, overpowered her, and took away a gold chain, a bangle and a mobile phone.The accused allegedly used a go-between, Raju Haldar, to sell the gold bangle to the jeweller Ramzan Ali, who melted it into solid gold.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16803383", "title": "Quick-thinking girl escapes lustful agent, gets him caught", "text": "MUMBAI: A 22-year-old girl, who dreamt of making it big in Bollywood, used her presence of mind to escape the advances of a \"casting agent\". The so-called agent is now cooling his heels behind bars.The girl, who hails from Ahmedabad, arrived in Mumbai on Friday night for an interview with Deepak Viveki (25), whom she knew through a friend.A management graduate, Viveki is an event manager and had asked the girl to meet him in a hotel in Mumbai Central. The unsuspecting girl went straight to the hotel, where Viveki had already booked a room, in the hope of landing a role in a movie.and managed to trick her friend who sought sexual favours to fulfill her dreams of making it big in Bollywood and trapped him with the help of a police team on Saturday. He is now in Nagpada police's custody.The victim hails from Ahmedabad and arrived in Mumbai on Friday night for an interview with event manager Deepak Viveki (25) whom she knew through a friend. As decided she met him in a Mumbai Central hotel where he had booked a room for himself.\"Viveki made the girl take acting tests. Once that was over, he asked her to undress for a photo session and demanded sexual favours from her,\" said Vinayak Savde, senior inspector (Nagpada). \"Quick thinking by the girl helped her get out of the uncomfortable situation. She told Viveki that she was hungry and would like to eat first.\"Viveki agreed and the two stepped out of the room to eat. \"The girl used the opportunity to give Viveki the slip out and disappeared into the crowd,\" said an officer. She then switched off her mobile and went to a friend's house in Kalbadevi, where she spent the night. \"She narrated the incident to her friend who insisted on approaching the police. On Saturday, the girl came to Nagpada police station and lodged a complaint,\" said Savde.\"She called Viveki and told him that she had lost her way in the crowd and stayed at a friend's house. She asked him to pick her up, but Viveki kept changing the location. Finally, he called her to a hotel in Colaba and the police arrested him. He had promised to give her a break in Bollywood,\" said additional commissioner police (south region) Krishna Prasad.The police are now trying to find if Viveki was involved in similar cases in the past. He will be produced in court on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16803644", "title": "Minor rape victim to be paid Rs 1,000 per month", "text": "GURGAON: A six-year-old girl who was allegedly gangraped by two youths at Laxman Vihar in Sector 5 of Gurgaon this week will be paid an additional compensation of Rs 1,000 per month till she attains 18 years of age.The amount will be in addition to the compensation of Rs 1 lakh already paid to her. This decision was taken by the president of District Child Welfare Council-cum-Deputy Commissioner, Gurgaon, P C Meena today.He said the victims will be given the amount for taking up studies till she turns 18 years. School uniform and books will also be provided to her by the Council.The victim was raped allegedly by the youths on October 11 when she was playing near her house. They have been arrested by the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16804707", "title": "200 teak trees cut, timber smuggled", "text": "LUCKNOW: Forest department was caught unawares when complaints from locals came in about felling of over 200 trees in Chakiya and Rupehdiya divisions of Bahraich. The department estimates the loss at Rs 20 lakh, but the market price pegs it at Rs 3 crore, considering each full-grown teak tree yields 10 to 12 cubic feet of timber which sells for Rs 1.5 lakh, though in Uttar Pradesh the natural variety of teak does not grow. The timber of these trees was smuggled along the Indo-Nepal border, but whether with the knowledge of the Forest department officials or without is yet to be confirmed.District forest officer B C Brahma said, \"We went inside the forest and counted the stubs of the felled trees.\" Forest department has started combing the divisions and the final report will be submitted to the higher-ups next week. Terai forests have been plundered blatantly by timber mafia in collusion with forest department staff time and again. The officers involved with the inquiry, stopped short of commenting on the involvement of departmental staff in the theft this time, but did not deny the possibility either. The final report might come up with an even bigger loss to the forest resource.When contacted, Manoj Sinha, chief conservator forest, central region, UP forest, said, \"It is premature for me to comment on the number of trees lost.\"By the time, the Forest Department came out of its slumber, just two divisions of the Forest Department had incurred a loss of Rs 3 crore owing to illegal felling of one of the most sought after teak tree. Over 200 trees have been mowed down in the two divisions -- Chakiya and Rupehdiya -- of Bahraich.The initial inquiry done by DFO Bahraich BC Brahma pegged the minimum number of trees cut down at 200. When contacted he said, \"we had gone inside forest and counted the cut down trees.\" The final report might come up with an even bigger loss that the department suffered.Following the complaint, forest department has started combing in the divisions. And, the final report will be submitted to the higher-ups next week. Terai forests have been blatantly plundered by timber mafia in collusion with forest department staff time and again. The officers involved with the inquiry, though stopped short of commenting on the involvement of departmental staff in the theft, this time, they didn't deny the possibility.The trees were not only cut down but also smuggled along Indo-Nepal border for all this time, while the department continued to sleep over the illegal felling and theft of timber. While the forest department calls it a conservative Rs 20 lakh loss, established in preliminary inquiry, the estimates based on market price of teak can increase the loss suffered by the department to several crores.Though UP does not have a natural variety of teak, as most of it is plantation, UP forest corporation officials peg the market price of a full-grown teak tree (yielding around 10 to 12 cubic feet of timber) to be around Rs 1.5 lakh. Based on that, the value of the timber seized might be around Rs 3 crore.When contacted, Manoj Sinha, chief conservator forest, central region, UP forest, said, \"it will be premature for me to comment on the number of trees lost at this stage.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16813158", "title": "Fish cut chaniya-cholis rage this Navratri", "text": "SURAT: New dress patterns and dance styles will embellish the Navrati celebrations in the city beginning from Tuesday. Gone are the traditional chaniya-cholis made of cotton with their vegetable prints. Their replacement will be fish cut chaniya-cholis made up of georgette with brocades and jari border.\"You will find groups of girls dancing in these new fish cut chaniya-cholis which are hip tight, but have flair at the bottom. We have done a fusion of traditional and western styles,\" said Sangeeta Chokshi, a designer.\"I like to wear western clothes. I always wore jeans and T-shirts during Navratris. However, this year I have got a few western cut chaniya-cholis made,\" said Pooja Shah, a 21-year-old college student. These western cut chaniya-cholis cost anything between Rs 3,000 to Rs 40,000.Rajasthani ghumar and Amdavadi popotiyu will be the dance styles that are set to dominate the garba venues. Hudo has always been a top draw among the youngsters where they jump three feet over the ground and play garba. There will be widespread use of props like daang and lezim by the groups.At least 10,000 young boys and girls have been attending garba classes at different places for the past three months. The average fee is Rs 2000 per month. A dance enthusiast spends at least Rs 27,000 on his dresses and jewellery during the nine-day festival. Anil Jariwala, who runs a group called Panghat, said, \"People expect us every year to come out with a new dance step. This year hudo and Lezim will captivate the crowds.\"\"We expect huge crowds on Saturday and Sunday during the Navratris. We are keeping some tickets reserved for people who may want to turn up at the weekend,\" said Chirag Shah, organizer of Navratri in Indoor stadium. The season passes are pegged between Rs 1500 and Rs 3500. The rates vary from venue to venue. Similarly, the daily passes are priced between Rs 150 and Rs 350. Majority of the organizers claim to have sold off their quota of season passes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16802704", "title": "Please investigate me, I have a clear conscience: Gadkari", "text": "With the BJP's National Council clearing an amendment to the party constitution, the stage is set for Nitin Gadkari to get a second term as president. He tells Arati R Jerath that he personally has nothing to fear from Arvind Kejriwal and that his party is in no hurry to choose a prime ministerial candidate. Everything, including new alliances, will become clear after the next Lok Sabha pollsWhy is the BJP losing opposition space to people like Arvind Kejriwal and Mamata Banerjee?That's not true. All the corruption scandals of the UPA government were exposed by us: 2G, CWG, Coalgate. We stalled an entire session of Parliament over Coalgate.Yet the BJP has been unable to forge and assume leadership of an anti-Congress front. Regional leaders like Mamata Banerjee , Mulayam Singh and Mayawati don't want to touch you.The problem is vote-bank politics. We believe in the politics of development and do not discriminate against anyone on the basis of caste or religion. Unfortunately, people don't care to understand us. There is a problem of image vs reality and ground reality vs perception. So we have been branded as communal.This is the coalition era. Unless you are able to expand the NDA with new allies, how will you move forward?There is a formula for this. We can't expand the NDA right now. But let me tell you, once we win 160-170 seats in the Lok Sabha polls, all those who are shunning us today will come running. It won't take even half a second. No one will call us communal then.In other words, the BJP is a political untouchable at the moment.There is no question of untouchability. These are cold political calculations. Jayalalithaa doesn't want a Congress government at the centre. Nor does Mamata. Even the UPA's allies - NCP, DMK, SP and BSP - are only supporting the Congress courtesy the CBI. The Congress is blackmailing them through the CBI director. He's the real coordinator of this government. Sonia Gandhi should make him a special invitee to the Congress Working Committee!You seem to have a serious leadership crisis with too many prime ministerial candidates.This is a media creation. We are a democratic party with many leaders who have the potential to become prime minister. That's why there's so much talk about a leadership crisis. Other parties are family-run companies. Mulayam Singh's party is a party of father-son-bahu-brother. Mayawati is the sole proprietor of a wholesale store. Sonia Gandhi is the malkin of a mother-son party. Congressmen are like servants. If Madam tells them to sit, they sit. If she tells them to stand, they stand. Can you call these 'political parties'?Isn't it important to have one face to lead the party in the next polls?We had two big leaders, Atalji and Advaniji. No one can match them. After them, we have many leaders who are of the same seniority.Are you implying that the BJP may not have a PM candidate this time?See, there are some films that are multi-starrers and yet they become hits. Like Sholay. It had Amitabh Bachchan, Dharmendra, Sanjeev Kumar and two heroines and was a runaway success. So it's not necessary for a party to project one face.Your party workers seem to prefer Narendra Modi.We have five or six persons who can lead the party into the elections: Advaniji, Arun Jaitley , Sushma Swaraj , Narendra Modi , Rajnath Singh, Murli Manohar Joshi. Let us contest the elections and see how many seats we get. Then our parliamentary board will take a decision.Will the BJP support the government on FDI in pension and insurance?The government is talking of reforms only to divert attention from corruption scandals. Why should the BJP become a party to their conspiracy? The government neither has the moral authority nor the majority to take any economic decisions. They had promised in Parliament that they would go ahead with FDI in retail only after consulting stakeholders, including all chief ministers and opposition leaders. No effort was made for this. They have betrayed us. They must first take back the retail FDI decision, then we can talk about FDI in insurance and pension. It's not about the issue. It's about their intentions.Will you support a no-confidence motion against the government?If there is one on an issue like FDI in retail, we will definitely consider it. This is a failed government.There is talk that you are Kejriwal's next target.If any allegations are proved correct, I will leave politics. Please investigate me. I have a clear conscience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16803488", "title": "BMC says demolitions tough as cops busy in other cases", "text": "MUMBAI: The BMC has found it increasingly difficult to deal with unauthorised construction as police have become busier with terror-related and other serious offences. The BMC deals with nearly 20,000 cases of illegal construction every year but mostly depends on the police for action.A senior civic official from the BMC's encroachment removal department said, \"Last year, we demolished around 19,000 unauthorised constructions. This year, the number went down considerably, due to a circular issued by the last commissioner which senior PIs interpreted negatively. Municipal commissioner Sitaram Kunte wrote two letters to modify the circular. It was also modified by the new police commissioner but we were still not getting co-operation from the police to demolish unauthorised constructions.\"Another official said: \"Each ward officer looks into it personally, but the police don't co-operate. The ward officer needs to maintain a diary about unauthorised constructions and inform the police station. The token presence of two policemen is essential for each demolition.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16807050", "title": "2013\u2019s most wearable trends", "text": "Most wearable trends of this season are ...Bermuda shorts : Its coolness lies in the slouch. A hit on New York's runways, bermudas are chic, and heat-friendly. Why would you want to go full-length?Statement glares : How do you add fashion runway feel to an everyday wardrobe? Get a pair of look-one-more-time sunglasses. They come in every shape and size \u2014 the louder the better.Brave stripes: Spring/Summer 2013's bold new trend is stripes that make your head spin. They can be nautical, if you pick a cool blue and white tee, or dizzy pop if you slip on a head-to-toe striped jumpsuit. It all depends on your dare quotient.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16807458", "title": "Runway to real life", "text": "Tall orderThe otherwise-impeccable Emma Watson made a fashion faux pas recently when she duplicated an ensemble straight from the ramp. Experts tell you how to do it right, and what can go wrong.Emma Watson, the star of the Harry Potter franchise, is a high-fashion darling. So, when the 22-year-old made a red carpet blunder at a special London screening of her latest film The Perks of Being a Wallflower, she was universally slammed for her ill-fitting choice of attire. Watson wore an androgynous piece from the Christian Dior Fall 2012 Couture line that was hailed by critics when it debuted at the Paris Fashion Week. But it fell flat on the petite Hollywood actress.She wore what can be defined as a fullskirted classic ball gown truncated at the peplum (a nod to Dior's 1952 collection), its skirt replaced by black silk cigarette pants, which creased at her ankles and had a British tabloid screaming: \"Did you forget to take off your pants, Emma?\"Says Chandni Sareen, stylist to the stars, \"I don't like how Emma has worn the look. Only someone tall can pull off a peplum-andskinny-pants combo, but Emma is an average 5 ft 5 inches. The pants untidily bunch up at her ankles. The make-up is boring. Maybe bright red lips and hair slicked to one side would have been better. A pop of colour \u2014 in the form of shoes or a bag \u2014 would have salvaged the look.\" The top's length didn't work either. While on the model, it ended just below the crotch, on Watson it looked more like a dress (see pics).Unlike Watson, the 5 ft 11 inches-tall model Suvi Koponen had looked gorgeous this July, gliding down the ramp in the same creation at a private Parisian mansion on Avenue d'lena. The front row had gushed in silent awe. The collection \u2014 and this piece in particular \u2014 was a meeting of the luxury label's formal past and the streamlined future. Critics hailed Dior's creative head Raf Simons , who made his debut with this line, for signalling a new era in haute couture.The make-up complemented the outfits. Make-up creative director Tyen opted for futuristic icy silver eyeshadow colour-paired with a bold pigmented eyeliner. The cheekbones were sculpted using sheer rosy blush. The lips had intense tones of orange-reds and fuchsia-violets.Watson, however, wasn't so meticulous in her replication. Stylist and accessory designer Felix Bendish says, \"Runway garments are difficult to carry off because they are part of the designer's thematic and creative vision. There are also other factors to consider like lighting, make-up and drama,\" he says. Adds designer Amit GT, \"Designers sometimes oddly pair separates like a trench coat with a body suit, or tie a knot to an undone shirt instead of buttoning it up. But that doesn't mean the looks should be worn exactly the same way off the ramp.\"A cardinal mistake women make with designer wear is choosing the wrong silhouette for their body type. GT mentions a problem specific to Indian women, while explaining what can go wrong while blindly copying a design or silhouette that's Western in its sensibility. \"Indian women are psycho-graphically different from the buyers that international designers are trying to woo. Just because someone is an 'it' designer doesn't mean all his designs can work on you. So, if you don't like a futuristic look or don't have the attitude to carry masculine tailoring, stay away from such creations.\"What to doBreak down the elements of the designer outfit. You don't have to copy the model head to toe. Keep your body type (shape as well as height) in mind before picking a runway piece. Choose trends that are flattering in general and easy to personalise. Colour-blocking and mixed prints are two examples. As a rule, try out designer wear in the trial room of the boutique and assess what works best for you.What not to doOne thing that must be avoided is having too many elements in a look. It's best to let one statement piece do the talking. Showing too much skin is an absolute no-no, especially if you are well-endowed. Avoid trends that won't work for you, like ruffles if you are heavy-busted or a dramatic peplum if you are bottom-heavy. If you are size UK 12 and above, don't pick anything too flimsy or clingy \u2014 especially in fabrics like liquid jersey or chamois satin \u2014 unless it is draped, layered or straight-cut.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16804410", "title": "Advanced treatment for haemophilic children sought", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Blood Patients' Protection Council (BPPC) has urged the state government to take immediate steps to provide advanced treatment to children suffering from haemophilia. The council also urged the government to ensure life-saving drugs for the children. The council said patients are not getting the benefits of various government schemes. The council general convener Kareem Karassery said though he had submitted many memoranda to the authorities concerned, they have not taken any measures to address the grievances of the patients.\"The council will conduct protest in front of the Kozhikode Medical College Hospital on October 20 demanding separate haematology department at the hospital,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16810188", "title": "Modi's comment on Twitter an insult to nation: Gogoi", "text": "GUWAHATI: Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi, on Sunday, said that the Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi's comment on twitter about Assam and FDI was an \"insult to the nation\".\"Modi's reported comment that the Prime Minister has redefined our democracy as 'government of foreigners, by foreigners and for foreigners' is a great insult to the nation, particularly Assam,\" Gogoi said in a statement here.He alleged that Modi had raked up the issue of infiltration with an eye on the Assembly elections in Gujarat.\"Will Modi reply what steps did the NDA government initiate to prevent infiltration while they were in power at the Centre,\" Gogoi asked.The BJP only raises the issue at the time of elections for narrow political gains and leave it in the lurch while in power, Gogoi claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16802466", "title": "Traffic cops' drive against tint violators", "text": "HYDERABAD: Come October 25, vehicle owners who flout tint norms will be penalised. Traffic police will remove tint films which are not as per norms. Addressing a press conference here on Saturday, additional commissioner of police (Traffic) C V Anand said the drive against tinted glass would begin from October 25. In the first few weeks of its implementation, motorists will be penalised Rs 500 and subsequently it might be hiked depending on the compliance by vehicle owners, he added.\"We are implementing the Supreme Court order spelled out some months back. There was a lot of confusion about how to implement the order and we sought the opinion of the Bangalore police. Based on their suggestion, we are implementing it in two phases. Except VVIPs, persons under Z and Z plus category, all others have to follow the tint norms specified under the Motor Vehicle Act,\" Anand said.Traffic police said that the front and rear glasses of four-wheelers should have 70% visual light transmission (VLT) (30% tint), while side glasses 50% VLT (50% tint). \"As of now, some vehicles sport glasses which have less than 10% VLT. Soon, we will send letters to general administrative department (GAD) secretary, the High Court registrar and heads of department of both state and central government bodies to ensure their vehicles have tint glasses as per norms,\" Anand said.Through the GAD secretary, all MLAs and MPs would be intimated about the tint norms. \"We will not spare anyone however high and mighty they might be as allowing tint beyond the permissible norm becomes contempt of court.In the second phase, we will procure luxometers, which will help us accurately know the VLT of the tint used by the motorist,\" police said.The special drive to implement the apex court order would start from October 25 and police have asked all car/vehicle owners to remove tint flouting the prescribed VLT standard. To kick-start the drive, tint on vehicles of senior traffic police officers was removed. Also, dealers who continue to sell the barred film tints would face action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16803998", "title": "'Learn &amp; Earn' project for students begins", "text": "NASHIK: To provide skilled manpower to industries, Nashik Engineering Cluster (NEC) and Yashwantrao Chavan Maharashtra Open University (YCMOU) have jointly begun a \"Learn &amp; Earn\" for degree and diploma students.The programme is a part of regional efforts to ensure economic growth and vitality of the Nashik industrial estates by preparing young people to enter the future skilled labour force.Inaugurating the project, vice-chancellor of YCMOU, Dr R Krishnakumar said, \"Skilled technical knowledge is also essential apart from degree and diploma. Considering this, we have developed a curriculum for 12th pass, degree and diploma students, which provides them with both learning and earning.\"Two courses have been introduced - Diploma and BSc degree course (in Industrial science). The diploma is for one year and the BSc for three years. The 12th pass students, from any stream, diploma and graduates can participate in the courses. They are to be given practical training in local industries as apprentice and they will also be given stipend. 62 students have taken admission for these two courses and have got stipends from Rs 3,500 to Rs 5,000 per month.This curriculum programme will definitely help industries get skilled manpower.The industries will get assured employees for three years at low cost. After completion of three years, industries will get skilled manpower. This programme will help to develop second line employees in the industry and also minimize contract labour in operational areas.Students will get the chance to practice their existing skills in a professional working environment. Most university students don't get this opportunity. Apart from gaining practical skills, students will have an opportunity to obtain recognized degree. Students will receive support from experienced workers and supervisors, which will help them to learn and develop confidence. Working as a trainee in industry will strengthen career prospects of students. Student will get UGC approved degree certificate. This will also help students to provide financial support to their family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16803298", "title": "Rains gone, difference in day-night temp rises", "text": "MUMBAI: With the monsoon retreating from the city, the stark contrast between the unbearable heat in the afternoon and the pleasant and cool conditions at night is likely to become even more pronounced in coming days.While the day-time temperature remains high, that in the night is dipping, thereby stretching the difference between the two. For instance, on Saturday, the difference became as much as 11.4 degrees with Santa Cruz recording a minimum temperature of 22.4 degrees Celsius and a maximum of of 33.8 degrees Celsius. Colaba witnessed a difference of 8 degrees, as its maximum temperature was 33.2 degrees C and minimum 25.2 degrees C.According to the Met department, the withdrawal of monsoon is causing the swing in mercury. \"Monsoon withdrew from the city on Friday,\" said V K Rajeev, director of weather forecast at the Indian meteorological department ( IMD), Mumbai. \"The condition is marked by a dry period or lack of showers and a decrease in the humidity level. The change of wind direction also indicates the withdrawal of the rains.\"The department said instead of the Southwesterlies, the Northeasterlies were now hitting the city. \"From now on, there will be less cloud cover. This in turn, will cause the night temperatures to dip,\" said Rajeev. Starting from October 1, Colaba had received 124 mm of rainfall, while Santa Cruz had received 168 mm of rainfall. On Saturday, the evening relative humidity was as low as 65% in Colaba and 62% in Santa Cruz.Confirming that Mumbai would not receive any more monsoon rain , he added, \"Unless there is an active system over the area, there is no chance for any more showers in the city.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16805066", "title": "Now, even toddlers are going in for therapy and counselling", "text": "MUMBAI: Lewis Carroll, Nicole Kidman , Rowan Atkinson and, closer home, Hrithik Roshan, had one thing in common\u2014a debilitating stutter. They all eventually rose above it. But here's the nub: experts unanimously hold that afflictions such as this one can be significantly reduced with a vital factor\u2014early intervention.It's a sign of the times that Indians, though more or less unaware of red letter days earmarked for the range of emotional, behavioural, learning and developmental issues, have become increasingly convinced of the rewards of early intervention. Take the case of 29-year-old Alok Arora, a media practitioner , who recently had his three-year-old son, Shantanu , examined by Jennifer D'Silva , a speech therapist at the SRCC Centre for Child Development at Haji Ali. D'Silva recommended therapy sessions where Shantanu would be taken through phonic drills and mouth and tongue exercises, and at the end of the first session, assigned Shantanu's parents homework\u2014they were to ensure he practised his drill at home, slow down their own speech, and, most crucial, never tease or mimic Shantanu's impairment, not even good-naturedly .Alok is one of many young parents who have been searching out rehabilitative assistance in matters that might have otherwise been neglected on the theory that time and age irons out all developmental crinkles. And it's a range of concerns for which parents have been visiting counsellors and developmental paediatricians: communication disorders, Autism Spectrum Disorder, dyslexia, learning disabilities , postural problems, social awkwardness, sensory impairments and so on. \"But though things are changing now, several parents still tend to resist the truth that their child might have a problem; they'd like to imagine them as 'normal' as everyone else, and believe the problem will eventually go away,\" says Anita Garware, trustee of SRCC Centre for Child Development.Be that as it may, awareness is definitely on the rise. Behavioural and emotional aberrations are now investigated more closely, with parents more open to admitting deeper causal factors instead of falling back on stock appraisals of 'bad behaviour' or 'wilfulness' . Zil Botadkar , an arts-based therapist and counsellor who runs a centre called Lighthouse at Kemp's Corner, talks of a six-year-old who came in with a stammer. It was learnt that the stressor for this was sibling rivalry, for the stammer became more pronounced only after the birth of his sister. \"Through arts-based therapy , the child learnt to gradually express himself and his stammer diminished,\" says Botadkar, adding, however, that a multi-disciplinary approach to helping a child is most effective.Interestingly, while most parents usually scope signs of developmental or behavioural deviance early on, it's often around the time of stringent school admissions or the prospect of the child being bullied in school that parents begin to act on their hunches. Some parents begin by researching their child's symptoms online or consulting their paediatrician , who, it should be said, may not always read the signs correctly. This is why these issues need greater awareness and clarity.\"I've had four or five children brought in with complaints that they were extraordinarily cranky and whiny, that they didn't like a specific touch or texture, reacted adversely to social situations or broke into tears when songs were sung loudly or a balloon burst. Some cried with terror each time their hair or nails were cut,\" says Anjali Joshi, an occupational therapist at Ummeed, the non-profit set up in 2001 in Mumbai to attend to developmental disabilities. Assessment showed that the children had a condition called Sensory Processing Disorder (SPD), a neurological disorder that poses problems in processing sensory information. However, not every child requires the recommended Sensory Integration Therapy, some just need play-based intervention,\" says Joshi.Dr Vibha Krishnamurthy , the developmental paediatrician who founded Ummeed , signals a positive trend when she says the number of children who visited Ummeed for diagnosis and treatment of developmental disabilities or delays rose from about five a week in the early years to over 100 visits a week now. Incidentally, Ummeed has many referrals from other cities because of poor resources available there. \"By which time the child is older and we lose an opportunity to intervene effectively ,\" Dr Krishnamurthy says. It's an established fact that 80 per cent of the brain develops by the age of three and intervention in the first couple of years can vastly improve chances of recovery .Ummeed's website says there are over 35 million children in India with developmental disabilities; over 650,000 in Mumbai alone. \"That's a very conservative estimate. WHO pegs the number closer to 15 per cent of a population,\" she says. \"Developmental, emotional and behavioural disorders are not given the attention they deserve, and they should when you realise they affect a significant chunk of the future work force of our country.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16807161", "title": "Nag\u2019s Damarukam to release on Oct 20", "text": "It's been totally a 'confusion week' for the makers of Nagarjuna's Damarukam as they're unable to decide on the release date for the film. After changing the release date twice within a span of two days, latest reports suggest that Damarukam's release date has now been revised to October 20 and not 19 as announced earlier.And inevitably, the reason for the delay has been cited as incomplete Visual Effects, and the production house apprise that a few scenes are currently in the process of rendering. This means, the censor officials have reviewed the rough cut of the film and not the final copy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16805317", "title": "One shot dead in robbery", "text": "KANPUR: Unidentified miscreants made away with cash and valuables after shooting down a 45-year-old farmer in Maharajpur area of the district here late on Saturday evening. The victim, Parag Narain Pal, a resident of Sarsaul, died on the spot. Police have begun investigations after registering a case against unidentified persons at Maharajpur police station.Preliminary probe suggested the incident occurred when Parag Narain Pal was on his way to Sarsaul from Maharajpur. He was waylaid by armed miscreants as he reached near Baduapur village and shot when he resisted their bid to snatch away cash and valuables from him. It is suspected that someone known to Pal was involved in the incident and some persons have been detained in connection with the case, the investigating officer at Maharajpur police station said.Ruckus: Students blocked the highway for an hour and a half outside Kanpur Dehat's Mayan Shekhar PG degree college in Derapur police circle on Saturday to protest the death of a 22-year-old in a road accident. Pankaj of Madauli village was run over by a speeding car near the degree college on Saturday morning as he was crossing the road. He later succumbed to his injuries at a hospital. The students alleged they had asked the authorities on several occasions to regulate traffic near the college entrance. \"But they didn't take any action. The road becomes narrower near the college due to encroachments and vehicles can't move properly even in a single file,\" said Updesh, a student. The students withdrew their protest following an assurance from the police that action would be taken against the guilty driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16803287", "title": "Politician arrested for selling DDA land to realtor", "text": "NEW DELHI: A small-time politician from New Jafrabad has been arrested for cheating a realtor over a false land deal.M A Khan (52) allegedly entered an MoU with realtor Inder Chandwani for selling a 2,800 square-yard plot behind PVR shopping complex at Saket. Both parties settled for Rs 31 crore and Rs 50 lakh as earnest money. Chandwani told cops that Khan had approached him and claimed he was the sole owner of the plot. He had also claimed that he had all valid documents and that there were no tangles, legal or otherwise, in the plot.\"Khan had demanded Rs 1.5 crore as earnest money and Rs 3.5 crore as part payment. The MoU was executed in September last year, after which Chandwani wired Rs 50 lakh to Khan's account,\" said DCP (south) Chhaya Sharma.But later, when Chandwani checked with DDA about the plot's status, he learnt that it was government land acquired by DDA. He got in touch with the cops and a case was registered in the Saket police station.Cops learnt during the probe that Khan was also involved in another cheating case in the trans-Yamuna region. He was intercepted at Gulmohar Park; his Santro sported a 'court parking' sticker, an 'advocate' sticker, and the flag of a national political party.During interrogation, Khan disclosed that he did his graduation and a registered medical practitioner course from Aligarh Muslim University. He practiced for a while in Hissar, Haryana, before starting a transport business in Ghaziabad, which proved to be a loss-making venture. Thereafter, he started his realty business at Loni (DLF area). His business brought him to Delhi, where he started dealing in disputed properties of DDA and MCD.He is a regular visitor to the Delhi high court canteen, where he poses as the head of advocates' association and boasts his proximity to senior politicians.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "16802913", "title": "Court orders stay on golf course work in Ghaziabad", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Ghaziabad Development Authority (GDA) has been ordered by the Allahabad high court to maintain status quo in relation to plans for converting a 'city forest' area into a golf course. GDA has been told to halt work in forest areas marked as 'Sai Upvan' and 'Kanha Upvan' in its Master Plan 2021 after a petition was filed by residents of an upscale society in Indirapuram.GDA has already floated an \"expression of interest\" and invited companies for consultation services and management of a nine-hole golf course on 32.5 hectares in the forest area known as Sai Upvan.The PIL, filed in the last week of September, has asked for 'restoration' of the forest,in addition to a time-bound action plan for development of the city's infrastructure.\"Thousands of trees in Sai Upvan died a slow death over a period of two years because of sewage overflowing and entering the forest area,\" said Alok Kumar, the petitioner, who lives in Indirapuram. \"Instead of upgrading its sewerage system and restoring green cover, the authorities, in violation of the master plan, have decided to build a golf course,\" he added.The decision for the golf course had been taken by GDA and the Ghaziabad Municipal Corporation in a meeting in June.. According to the terms of reference, all proceeds from profits likely to be generated after completion of developmental work in the area are to be shared by the corporation and GDA in a 60:40 ratio. However, residents complain that reduction in forest cover at a time of population growth would be detrimental to the city's environment.\"The green lungs of the city need to be protected. Since there is a huge increase in population in Ghaziabad over the last few years, there is a greater need for increasing notified forest areas,\" said Kumar.It has also been alleged in the petition that earlier the GDA and the municipal corporation had embarked upon a group housing scheme in the Sai Upvan area but it failed to take off due to paucity of funds. \"The development authority should respect the sanctity of the master plan to avoid haphazard growth as ulitmately the residents would suffer,\" added Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16804356", "title": "SMS and beyond: Angrezi is the new Hindi", "text": "It's life at the speed of light and communication that's crashing through the grammar barrier, and social reality is morphing around us even as we text. That was the message delivered with unerring accuracy through research conducted and presented by students of the Department of Communicative English of Patna Women's College recently.\"Social media has impacted language use,\" explains Smriti, one of the researchers on the topic. \"Social networking sites are places where everyone hangs out in the virtual world, and the SMS language is taking over the way we communicate in writing, especially the youngsters.\" The sample was upper middle class college-going girls, and the findings were that the use of acronyms such as LOL, OMG and BTW were widespread, and that 100% of the respondents used 'u' for you.The subject matter should give contemporary society food for thought and reflection, said Professor NN Pandey, former director of SIET, Patna. Ask the owner of one of the most popular greeting cards shops in Boring Road in the 1990s, and 'dada' will emphatically tell you, \"The SMS and e-cards have killed the greetings card industry\". Come to think of it, a philatelic stamp has become an object of curiosity for 10-year-olds. They can't figure out what it's for.While the 'purists' (the professors and lecturers) maintained that the shortened terms and mangled spelling were merely signs of 'teenage angst' or 'trying to be different' or 'saving money', some of the youngsters have very different takes.\"I use SMS form as shorthand when I take down my notes,\" says Ashish, a student of St. Xavier's College, adding, \"when I'm in a hurry trying to finish my examination paper, my hand automatically starts writing 'u' for you and 'b' for be. It's embarrassing, because I hope to be an IAS officer soon.\"Social networking has changed language in other ways, not just spelling. \"Blame it on Twitter,\" said Mehra Haque, who recently wrested a gold medal during her postgraduate in journalism stint at Amity Lucknow. \"We've learnt to say it all in 160 characters. Cut to the pith. No flowers, leaves, stems. Direct. Brutal. Take no prisoners. And that sort of directness is being reflected in our verbal communication as well.\"Aryan Raj Ghimire, currently doing Mass Communication at higher secondary level, reflected on a recent experience. \"An uncle opened an old box with greeting cards and letters from his college friends and penfriends. It was a strange feeling to see the handwriting on postcards, inland forms, and on fine letter paper. The cards were for every emotion and moment, all preserved so beautifully. One letter was written by a friend who, during his class time, described the boring lecture and other things. There were funny moments, angry moments, and sentimental moments, all preserved in the actual pen and ink. I thought this is something my generation has never experienced, and perhaps will never have. We have e-mail, Facebook and SMS, but do we have beauty and power of expression? I doubt it.\"Social networking has changed the way the middle class youngsters in Patna communicate. Texting and meeting up via FB messages is the 'done thing'. \"If your cellphone isn't hooked up to Facebook and Google, and you are not sending out at least two dozen text messages a day, you are certainly not clued in,\" observes 16-year-old Pragya Tripathi, who thinks it will be a shame if FB starts restricting its services for adults only.Social networking is great, and useful, particularly for special interest groups to share information and make new contacts, according to Dr Lokesh Kumar, a homeopath who uses social networking not just to keep in touch with friends and family, but to disseminate useful tips on preventing illness at home, and benefits of certain home remedies through his FB page. \"I have made friends with other homeopaths and can keep up with the latest developments locally and internationally using networks and chat rooms,\" he affirms.Sharad, a 19-year-old suddenly in love with body culture and the gym, laughs at the thought that people are still stuck on rubbishing SMS language. \"Get over it,\" he says, \"SMSes' so-called language is outdated. It's the age of smileys, gestures, and avatars, and MMS. Look even Hindi has changed. Seen a State Bank of India billboard recently? It uses angrezi letters for Hindi communication... it's not SMS yaar, it's modern Hindi, and when State Bank does it, and they have all this Hindi promotion stuff, all I can say is wake up. Angrezi is the new Hindi!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16803330", "title": "Mission possible for champs Mumbai Indians", "text": "If four IPL teams hadn't been allowed in the main draw of the tournament, the Mumbai Indians would not even have been able to defend their Champions League T20 title. MI had finished fourth in the IPL. The organisers have been under fire for inviting so many teams from the cash-rich IPL, whereas only two each from South Africa and Australia can compete and only one from other nations. Even those teams have to go through qualifiers.Amidst this debate over an 'even playing ground' for all teams, MI will make every effort to show they deserve to be here. The defending champions would be keen to prove that their 2011 effort wasn't a fluke.Tendulkar's fitness and availability is a boost. His likely opening partner, Dwayne Smith enjoyed an excellent IPL, but was benched after the first game in a victorious campaign for the West Indies in the World T20. If Smith loses touch, there is South Africa's Richard Levi, who has a point to prove. He hasn't done much since that quick fire hundred against New Zealand in a T20 game, enduring a miserable time both in IPL and the World T20, in Sri Lanka. Another local, Davey Jacobs, who, incidentally, was bought by MI after a impressing against them in the CLT20 in SA, in 2010, can be considered too.Mumbai IndiansOwners: Reliance IndustriesSkipper: Harbhajan SinghCoach: Robin SinghKey Indian players: Sachin Tendulkar , Rohit Sharma , Harbhajan Singh , Ambati RayuduKey foreign players: Kieron Pollard , Lasith Malinga , Mitchell Johnson, Dwayne SmithCLT20 record: Won the tournament in 2011. Didn't qualify for semis in 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16803649", "title": "Devotees to throng famed \u2018Colva Fama\u2019 on Monday", "text": "MARGAO: Thousands of devotees are expected to converge at the 400-year-old Our Lady of Merces Church for the 'Colva Fama' on Monday, to seek the blessings of Menino (infant) Jesus. The feast, celebrated every year on the second Monday of October, will begin with a high mass at 5.30am, followed by the solemn ceremony when the miraculous statue of Menino Jesus will be brought down from the altar, followed by the procession, blessing and veneration.Celebrated with much religious fervour, the 'Fama' is neither the feast nor the novena, but a special day after which the novenas commence to ultimately conclude with the church feast to be held on October 25.\"This is the most unique feast in Goa and only St Francis Xavier's feast attracts a bigger crowd,\" said Camilo Rodrigues, president of the confraria comittee of the Colva church.\"Devotees come seeking blessings for marriage, to have children, to cure ailments,\" said Rodrigues, adding that miracles take place during the 'Fama'. Confraria members added that it is for the miraculous powers that devotees of all faiths flock to the 'Fama'. Devotees offer wax shaped into different body parts at the 'Fama'. Most common among the devotees is childless married couples who wish to conceive. Couples who have conceived, place their baby on the altar during the revered umanv (kiss) .Legend has it that a Jesuit priest and sailor, Fr Bento Ferreira SJ, found the statue of Infant Jesus off the coast of Mozambique in the 17th century following a shipwreck. The Jesuit brought the statue to Goa in 1648 upon being posted at the Colva church, where he had the statue enthroned on a special altar. Soon, rumours of miracles at the parish spread and in due course, the statue became an object of veneration.Parishioners of the church comprising the villages of Colva, Sernabatim, Gaundalim and Velim, contributed to build a separate altar for the statue, which is revered till date.Confraria members said that while the original statue is at the Rachol seminary, the original diamond ring along with its miraculous powers is at Colva.\"Baby Jesus grew in age, wisdom and grace, and God is now calling us to grow as Jesus did,\" said parish priest Fr Jose Assuncao da Silva.Rodrigues added that there would be changes in the arrangements outside the church and while the stalls at the fair would be shifted towards the side of the cemetery, the church side would be reserved for fire and emergency services, police vehicles and ambulances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16803697", "title": "Our lakes have short lives", "text": "BANGALORE: Between them, the BDA, BBMP and LDA have spent Rs 210 crore on rejuvenation of lakes in Bangalore. But one look at our filthy, gasping lakes, and there is no evidence that work worth crores is going on to clean them up.Lakes are revived by the stakeholders, and then lost. The funds spent just sink to the bottom, because once revived, nothing much is done to keep them in good condition.The total number of lakes in Bangalore stands at 189 - 55 under Bruhat Bangalore Mahanagara Palike (BBMP), 123 under Bangalore Development Authority (BDA), six under Lake Development Authority (LDA) and five under the Karnataka forest department.Data available with BBMP says the lake count in Bangalore is 183. The mismatch in figures notwithstanding -- some lakes are considered to be one by a certain authority and two by another authority -- the fact remains that while some lakes have been revived by the custodians, others are in dire need of upkeep. Worse, many revived lakes have gone back to being what they were in the absence of proper maintenance.\"It is largely an institutional problem,\" said Brijesh Kumar, chief conservator of forests, BBMP. \"It is easy to revive lakes but difficult to maintain them,\" he added. Perhaps that's the reason why they are contemplating the involvement of local stakeholders in an organized way. \"We are drawing up a draft, listing out duties and rights given to major stakeholders, including local residents. We will give them the right to manage day-to-day affairs - right from designating a place to store garbage to revenue generation (without charging entry fee),\" he said.This year, the BBMP got a sanction of Rs 140 crore for the revival of 37 lakes, all at different stages of development. According to sources, in any given financial year, the BBMP manages to use only 25% of the money, while the remaining is carried forward to the next financial year.BDA GOES SLOWThe BDA is vested with the maintenance of 123 lakes. While they are owned by tahsildars (revenue department), the BDA is in charge of monitoring the water bodies. As on date, 22 detailed project reports (DPR) have been prepared and submitted to the LDA for approval. BDA has Rs 70 crore in its kitty.\"We spent Rs 4-5 crore on the revival of Madiwala lake a couple of years ago. Since work is incomplete, we've asked the state government to give us Rs 3.5 crore to complete the sewage work diversion we need to undertake there,\" said AK Varma, principal chief conservator of forests, Bangalore.While four other lakes have not been revived yet and are in a sorry condition, the forest department is taking up their revival in a phased manner.LDA OUTSOURCES LAKESThe LDA is the monitoring body vested with the upkeep of lakes. With four of the lakes under it been given away on PPP, LDA now has two lakes - one has been given out and the other is a fully revived one.\"As and where demands are raised, our committee scrutinizes the lake and we give the green nod for the DPR,\" said Ravi Ralph, additional principal chief conservator of forests and chief executive officer, LDA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16807925", "title": "Systemic changes needed for 12 medals in Rio: Sachin Tendulkar", "text": "NEW DELHI: Iconic cricketer and Rajya Sabha MP Sachin Tendulkar has advocated \"systemic changes\" in Indian sports so that \"12 medals in next Olympics in Rio or 20 in 2020 is not a pipe dream\".Tendulkar, who has expressed a desire to promote sports in educational institutes, said sports in curriculum and history books highlighting the monumental achievements of greats like hockey legend Dhyan Chand will help stir a passion for the games hitherto less developed.\"Organisation of Asian Games in 1951 encouraged by Pandit Nehru is an integral part of Indian national story that should be read by our students. It helped shape Delhi, as did the 1982 Asiad and the 2010 CWG,\" he has said in his letter to HRD Minister Kapil Sibal .Tendulkar's assertion for a change in the system comes from his belief that vision for \"sports for all is still in its infancy\" in this country.\"...I wish to argue that the time is ripe to build on the success of London to take giant strides in sports and achieve excellence in the not too near future. 12 medals in Rio or 20 in 2020 isn't a pipedream if we appropriate the momentum created and undertake a few fundamental changes,\" feels Tendulkar.Outlining his objectives in a three-page letter, he has suggested state-of-the-art finishing schools for specific Olympic disciplines on the lines of National Cricket Academy in Bangalore where the country has shown potential.For instance, he said, in Haryana the centre of excellence can cater to wrestling and boxing.\"We welcome Sachin Tendulkar's proposals and I have already written to him inviting him for a presentation,\" Sibal had said.The cricketer, who is also a Rajya Sabha MP, also rooted for a National Institute of Sports Science, saying \"India desperately needs\" it.The institute will act as a nodal agency for treating sports-related injuries and ensuring proper rehabilitation facilities for sports icons, besides educating sportspersons about anti-doping regulations, Tendulkar said.He suggested the setting up of a sports museum to immortalise the achievements of sports-stars.Stating that the museum could be set up in the capital, preferably at a heritage site, Tendulkar said an advisory body with international experts should be formed for the purpose.Expressing a keen desire to emulate the US sports system model in India which is reliant on College-University framework producing US Olympians of repute, he said, \"my dream is to accomplish the same in India.\"He felt mobile phones possessed by most youths today can be used for harnessing sports talent. They could be urged to send SMS or MMS detailing their sports achievement, which experts can examine.\"If the candidate is deemed to have talent, he or she will be called to access the sports facilities created within the academic framework. By making facilities available to them, the talented youngsters, sports, I expect, will get the necessary recognition and become part of India's everyday existence,\" he said.Noting that Olympic sports should also dominate India's national imagination, he said the country could well bid for 2024 or 2028 Olympics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16806530", "title": "Have no idea about Salman's wedding: Salim Khan", "text": "Noted scriptwriter Salim Khan, father of Bollywood superstar Salman Khan, said here today that even God does not know when his son will get married.\"Even Allah Mia (God) would not be able to tell when Salman Khan will get married. I wish that our daughter-in-law should step in our home as early as possible, but it is not in our hands,\" Saleem told reporters.Salim, 76, was in Khandwa to receive the National Kishore Kumar Award for the year 2011-12 declared by the Madhya Pradesh Government.The award carries a citation and Rs two lakh in cash and was to be presented to him at a function on the occasion of the death anniversary of music legend Kishore.Describing Kishore as a great artist, Saleem said that nobody will be able to replicate him.Recalling his friendship with Kishore's elder brother and noted actor Ashok Kumar , he said that Ganguly family was full of\"Nobody would be able to achieve the height achieved by Dada Muni (Ashok Kumar) and Dilip Kumar. It appears impossible now,\" the veteran writer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16803001", "title": "Focus on Yuvraj Singh in Duleep semis", "text": "HYDERABAD: After having made a 'successful' comeback to the Indian team in the T20 format recently, Yuvraj Singh now trains his guns on the longer format. The Punjab batsman, who won his battle against cancer, is keen to prove that he is game for the rigours of a four-day match.The 30-year-old southpaw has been added to the North Zone team which will lock horns against the Mohammed Kaif-led Central Zone in the four-day Duleep Trophy semifinal at the RJIC Stadium here from Sunday.But Yuvraj's real test will begin on Sunday as it will not be easy putting up with the demands of a four-day game. Even in the T20 games, one could see that Yuvraj was a wee bit leaden-footed at times. He seemed to be short of breath taking quick singles and chasing the ball. In the other semis in Vishakapatnam, East will take on South Zone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16803337", "title": "People will drive growth in India", "text": "India and China could soon become the biggest consumer markets in the world. Four partners of the Boston Consulting Group in their recent book, 'The $10 Trillion Prize', seek to understand these new consumers and the extent of their impact on different product and services. They argue that by 2020, consumers in these two countries will generate over $10 trillion of total annual revenue for companies selling to them. Two of the authors, Michael J Silverstein and Abheek Singhi, talk to STOI.* You've assumed an 8% annual growth rate for India between 2010 and 2020. Very few emerging economies have sustained above 5% rates of growth for three decades or more, and India is already into the third decade...People will drive this growth. Small countries with small populations may run out of people. In China and India, you won't have that problem for a long time. You also need right-skilled people. Investment in education and developing skills will be critical to realize the potential, not only for the next 10 years but beyond too.* How big is the economic gulf between China and India?At an aggregate level, from a consumer economy perspective, India lags China by about 7 years. If you go more mass, you find the gap reduces. So 7 years ago, the gap between the mobile markets was 10 years, but with the price of phones dropping, the gap reduced to 2-3 years. It's true for soaps and detergents. However, in premium markets, the gap is 10 to 12 years. If you look at luxury goods, you find India is where China was 10 years ago. There's a large middle class in both, but there's a higher upper class and a significantly smaller lower class in China. Poverty hasn't been eliminated in China but it's down to less than 200 million people.* What are India's advantages over China?India is very entrepreneurial. The profitability levels for the average businessman are higher in India than in China. India has a tremendous advantage over China in English literacy, and that gives India an advantage in Commonwealth countries and the US. About 125 million Indians speak English. In China, 300 million are learning to speak English, but only 12.5 million actually speak it. Between 2020 and 2030, India's demographic shape is to its advantage. China's population starts declining, India's population continues to rise, India becomes the most populous country, and it has the largest single population of people in their 20s and 30s and they are the most creative and innovative, and bring about societal change. Such a tempest in a teapot is an incredible opportunity for India, particularly if educational reforms get going.* Is brand consciousness high even at lower income levels in India?We met a young woman in Dharavi (the Mumbai slum) with two kids. She was in her early thirties, husband an unskilled labourer. She worked in a nearby factory. I was surprised to see two things in her 150-200 sqft house -- Kellogg's cornflakes and a large sachet of Surf Excel. She used cheaper detergent for her husband's and her clothes, but used Surf Excel for her son's white shirt he wore to school. This is truly 'paisa vasool'.* What can India learn from China?Directing the economy better and picking sectors and transforming them. There are massive amounts of capital the Chinese have made in higher education. Peking University competes beautifully from a capital equipment point of view with major US universities. The IITs are under-funded and under-resourced. They have brilliant world-class students but they don't have the same level of faculty or facilities.* Surely you see some risks too...We've looked at four risk factors - i) asset bubbles, ii) bribery, bureaucracy &amp; reforms; iii) environmental degradation and pollution and iv) natural disasters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16804459", "title": "You just can\u2019t wash your hands of hygiene", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Acknowledging that diseases related to water, sanitation and hygiene are a burden on health issues in developing countries and that it is estimated that 88 per cent of diarrhoea is caused by unsafe water supply, inadequate sanitation and hygiene, officials of the health department are geared to promote 'effective hygiene education' among people, especially children, and brief them about the advantages of hand-washing at schools, anganbadi and health centres.Claiming that washing hands with soap is a proven, effective and inexpensive way to prevent diarrhoea, an all too common cause of school absenteeism, particularly ,after contact with excreta, washing hands with soap can reduce by over 40 per cent diarrhoeal diseases and respiratory infections, the major cause for child deaths in the country.Department of School Education &amp; Literacy, Ministry of Human Resource Development has circulated a letter among all secretaries of education looking after Mid Day Meal Scheme (MDMS) and directors (MDMS) asking them to highlight benefits of washing hands.It is crucial to wash hands with soap are before eating and after toilet.Mid Day Meal, which is served to nearly 110 million children in 1.3 million schools across the nation, provides an excellent opportunity to influence the practice,\" said the ministry letter. This essential life skill once learnt at school, can be inculcated within the household and wider community by children.Senior medical officer community health, Dr SAM Meesum told TOI \"In view of the adequate benefits of washing hands with soap before eating and after toilet, we are going to promote the activity by all children before the Mid Day Meal in all government-run schools and other educational institutions.\"He added that teachers and headmasters should come forward and monitor the activity regularly.\"All of us in the field of education have to ensure the health and well-being of everyone in the school community by inculcating actively this simple practice among school children and their teachers at a regular time every day,\" opined Dr Meesum adding \"apart from disease prevention, water and sanitation hygiene (WASH) in schools has made a profound impact on the learning and health of children, especially girls,\" he added.It is directly related not only to physical, mental and social health, but also to the economic and political development.In the same regard, director panchayati raj VP Singh has written to all zila panchayat raj adhikari officials to organise programmes on October 15 on the occasion of 'Global Hand Washing Day' at government and non-government schools and angwanbadi centers with the objective to spread the message of benefits of hand washing among the masses.Dr Meesum pointed out that children and women could be the best to spread the message among community and for that schools and anganbadi are the best.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16804972", "title": "Enquiries for high-end cars pour in at Times Auto Expo", "text": "MADURAI: The desire for owning premium sedans is on a steady rise in tier II cities, if one goes by the observations of marketing executives of the brands.Inhibition and conservativeness is giving way to social acceptability and aspiration for high-end cars that have opened up a huge market in tier II cities. Madurai, in particular, is seen as a potential market for high-end cars among tier II cities in Tamil Nadu after Coimbatore. While the traditionally cost-conscious consumers are still around banking on the hatchback segment, enterprising people appear to have increased with a thirst for luxurious sedans. Madurai roads are already buzzing with Mercedes and BMWs.Buoyed by the response, two premium brands Volvo and Audi have planned to open their showrooms shortly. While many brands already have their outlets in the temple city, many more are likely to follow Volvo and Audi.\"By entering Madurai, we hope to reach out to entire southern Tamil Nadu. We see a tremendous potential here,\" said a marketing professional manning the Audi stall at The Times Auto Expo, that kicked off at Gandhi Museum grounds on Saturday.The spokesperson of Volvo said they get a number of inquiries from potential buyers from Madurai. \"In fact, we received a lot of enquiries. Many visitors to our stall were interested in test driving the car. Once we set up an outlet, hopefully in two months, we expect our sales to soar,\" he said.Skoda, a Czech headquartered company, too received an overwhelming response. Personnel manning their stall at the expo said three cars were booked on a single day.\"The car market has opened up and consumption pattern has evolved over years. There are many who own multiple cars or would have used two or three cars and are constantly looking for a better product. The desire to own the best is on the rise,\" notes a senior executive of Renault at the expo.Meanwhile, the most sought-after hatchback segment received quite an astounding number of inquiries during the expo. Volkswagen , Ford, Nissan , Hyundai , Maruti and Toyota have displayed their premium hatchbacks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16804138", "title": "NH-4 widening draws Mozari Ashram ire", "text": "NAGPUR: The widening of the National Highway No 6 off Amravati Road has drawn the ire of lakhs of followers of Vidarbha's saint Tukadoji Maharaj as it would cause a severe disturbance to the Gurul Mozari Ashram where the revered saint's 'samadhi' is located. The issue is also taking a political turn with BJP MLA Nana Patole and Congress MLA Yashomati Thakur having now joined the issue.Patole, who was in the city on Saturday, told TOI that around 1000 prominent community leaders from all parts of Vidarbha would meet on Thursday at Mozari to discuss on measures to prevent the threat of the four-laning of the highway that would take away a piece of the ashram's land. \"We are demanding that the proposed highway which would pass just 10 metres from the 'samadhi' be redesigned so as to bypass the Ashram complex,\" he said.Tukadoji Maharaj was a saint who wielded great influence on the psyche of rural Maharashtra, especially in Vidarbha where he dedicated his life for improving health and hygiene of villagers through his epic book of do's and don'ts called 'Gram Geeta'. In 1955, he led the Indian spiritual delegation to Japan for the World Peace Conclave and had a dialogue with religious leaders from all over the world. The Nagpur University is named after him.\"Such an eminent saint is not being given his due. The proposed highway would pass close to the ashram where lakhs of people visit every year to get inspiration,\" said Patole. \"It would not only create noise and air pollution but would also create several problems for the followers of Tukadoji,\" said the BJP MLA. \"We want the NHAI authorities to work a way out. Moreover, Thursday's meeting would discuss the demand for creation of a national monument for Tukadoji at Mozari,\" he added.While Tiwasa MLA Thakur was not available for comment, it is reported that she has agreed to the highway expansion plan provided a flyover is built at Mozari. But, according to Patole, the ashramites want a bypass and not a flyover.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16802401", "title": "Congress, BJP our B-teams, Arvind Kejriwal says", "text": "NEW DELHI: Anti-corruption activist Arvind Kejriwal on Saturday declared that his outfit, India Against Corruption (IAC), has turned Congress and BJP into its B Team, in a comment which reflected their soaring aspiration to snatch the agenda-setting prerogative from the main political players.\"We have been accused of being BJP's B team. It is BJP and Congress who have become our B Team. The issues we raise today are followed up by them\", Kejriwal said while speaking to a cheering audience after his release from overnight detention.He said, \"When we raised the issue of high power tariffs, BJP followed...when we demanded Salman Khurshid's resignation, the BJP followed. We had demanded that Haryana government produce a white paper explaining how government land had been transferred to DLF and now Congress leader Digvijaya Singh has concurred with our statement and the state government should bring out a white paper.\"Congress and BJP did not, obviously, agree: their reactions stretched from disagreement to outright dismissal. Congress's spokesperson Manish Tiwari, who has consistently taunted the anti-graft campaign by accusing IAC of being BJP's proxies, stuck to his attack theme. \"The fact that BJP's B team has gone into justification mode further reinforces that they are not only just that but cat's paw of the BJP\".BJP spokesperson Prakash Javdekar said that BJP did not need to compete with IAC. \"As the principal Opposition party, it is our duty to raise issues affecting the people and the nation. On issues of corruption, price rise and other issues we have agitated from street to Parliament. We are not in competition with anyone here. We have nothing to comment on Kejriwal's remarks,\" Javdekar said.However, coming against the backdrop of the success of the feisty campaigns in stealing the limelight from the two big players for more than a week, Kejriwal's comment did not sound the audacious boast it would ordinarily have. Starting from IAC's disclosure on October 5 about the close business ties between Congress chief Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law Robert Vadra and realty major DLF, Kejriwal already seemed to be setting the agenda.IAC's success in securing the bragging rights over the alleged Congress-enabled quid pro quo between Vadra and the promoters of DLF was facilitated by BJP's diffidence about inconveniencing Congress chief over her \"family matter\". But it has cheerily grabbed the ball that came its way, and has followed the success by almost appropriating the issue of alleged corruption in a Trust belonging to Union law minister Salman Khurshid and managed by his wife, Louise. The charge of embezzlement of fund meant for differently-enabled persons \u2014 strongly denied by the Khurshids \u2014 make for a first-rate political scandal.Yet, SP and BSP\u2014 not among those who would be detained by presumption of innocence \u2014 have decided not to turn the heat on Khurshid, who was part of Congress's high-voltage campaign to liberate the state from casteist outfits. BJP has attacked Khurshid, but lags Kejriwal and colleagues who have better anti-corruption credentials.If IAC influenced the headlines through the week, the group, with its plan to drop a bombshell on BJP chief Nitin Gadkari , is expected to retain the limelight next week as well. Anjali Damania of IAC has said that she would disclose evidence of how the BJP chief tried to discourage her from pursuing the issue of corruption in Maharashtra's irrigation schemes by citing his close ties with NCP leaders \u2014 Union minister Sharad Pawar and his nephew Ajit Pawar.The disclosure will be a validation of the battle cry of the anti-corruption activists against collusion among parties over graft, and will underline the reason for their success \u2014 readiness to go after targets that political outfits would not touch for fear of retaliation. Bound by the domestic political equivalent of Cold War doctrine of \"Mutually Assured Destruction\", political parties have been selective in picking their targets, leaving open a terrain that the anti-graft activists will continue to occupy until the elections.They may get pushed to the margins if the Lok Sabha election turns out to be a polarized affair among the big boys.But they are already challenging the rules of the game and may be the beneficiaries even if the \"Omerta\", the code of silence that caused parties to flinch from speaking the truth, is jettisoned. For the open blood letting that will follow will enhance the appeal of their innocence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16803979", "title": "Japan may fund Pune metro", "text": "PUNE: The Pune metro project is likely to get financial assistance from the Japan International Co-operation Agency (JICA), a Government of Japan enterprise.\"Overseas Development Assistance, also called ODA, from Japan has been availed for metro projects in Delhi, Mumbai, Kochi, Chennai, Kolkata and Bangalore. The Rs 2,593-crore mass transit project in Pune, modelled on the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation, will get contributions from the Centre and will be funded by the Pune Municipal Corporation and the state government. The Special Purpose Vehicle, called the Pune Metro Rail Corporation, can approach JICA to avail funds for the project,\" said a senior state official involved in the process of project approval.The official said that 64.536 billion Japanese Yen have been availed so far for metro projects in Indian cities. These funds are released through the Union urban development department.\"The state issued a government resolution (GR) last month that set the Pune metro project in motion. The GR proposes fares for the 12 legs of the metro in 2014-15. The highest fare would be Rs 24 for a distance of 30 kms. If the fare rates are to be controlled, construction cost has to be restricted. The Japan assistance will help in both ways,\" said a state official.Meanwhile, the civic body has requested the state to appoint a high-powered committee, headed by the chief secretary, to ensure smooth implementation of the project. The state wants to complete the construction of the metro on the Vanaz-Ramwadi-Chandannagar route in the next three years. A separate line will go to the Pune airport. The metro will have its main depot at Kothrud.A government communique had earlier declared the metro project as \"urgent\". It said the PMC has been appointed as the \"executive body\" to take decisions about the project till the SPV is formed. The project requires 18.44 hectares of land to construct the depot and metro stations. Not much land would be acquired for the project as the roads on which the metro will run are about 30 metre wide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16804581", "title": "Flying sailor raring to hit the sea \u2013 solo, non-stop", "text": "Pull, pull! Harder, faster,\" exhorts Lt Commander Abhilash Tomy as three sailors \u2014 their muscles glistening in the afternoon sun \u2014 hoist the massive sail onto the 70-foot high mast. We are onboard the Mhadei, the boat that will take Tomy on a journey around the world almost a fortnight from now. It's a solo circumnavigation attempt \u2014 the first time an Indian will be doing it without any stops or onboard assistance. The prospects are daunting. For instance, just the task of putting up the sail this morning\u2014which has taken three able-bodied men a lot of tugs, grunts and sweat \u2014 is what the 33-year-old Indian navy officer, a trained Dornier pilot \u2014 would be doing on his own, quite possibly in choppy waters when winds billow at speeds of upto 100 km/hr.Does he have butterflies in his stomach? It's a question that has been asked countless times to the Kochi lad who started sailing when he was sixteen. \"Nobody believes it when I tell them I'm not having nightmares,\" says Tomy with a grin that puts dimples on his tanned face. He is at the steering wheel of the Mhadei; the wind is pleasant; the sea soothing and we are doing a comfortable 5-6 knots off the placid Goa coast.But things would be different when he is out on the globe's mighty oceans. His sixmonth long voyage on the 56-footer boat \u2014 that cost about Rs 4 crore to make\u2014 will take him south of all the great capes \u2014 Leeuwin, Cape Horn, Cape of Good Hope and across the Atlantic and Pacific . \"I know anything can happen when you're out on the sea. I can break the mast, lose the rudder, collide with another ship or even fall overboard,\" he says. \"But I'm not thinking about any of it. I've wanted to do this voyage for more than 11 years and now that I'm doing it, I am just very very excited and focused on preparing for it.\"A large part of the preparations involve keeping himself mentally and physically fit. \"The weakest link on the boat is the sailor,\" he admits candidly. \"Usually, the sailor gives up before the boat does. That's why keeping yourself well-nourished is extremely important.\" Yoga and meditation are already part of his daily routine; to keep energy levels high \u2014 dieticians have recommended an average calorie intake of 3500 kcal per day for him\u2014 he's packing in a mix of fresh food, tinned and ready to eat stuff along with rice, dal, dry fish and pickles. Also on board are two cooking gas cylinders and about 200 bottles of fresh water. Keeping Tomy company when he sets out on the great, deep blue will be a stack of around 20 books (he's left the choice of titles to a friend) and a satellite phone which will be his only link with the world. Will he miss not being in contact with family and friends? \"I like being alone,\" he says. \"It may sound strange but my primary motivation for doing this voyage is not to set a record but to savour the experience of being alone for six months. Also, thank god, I won't be receiving any pesky calls.\"But the people he'll probably miss the most, apart from his mom (\" I had to convince her for two years to let me do this\" ) are his man Friday Alam who, stoic and silent, helps him out even as he steers the boat to port (\" He's the unsung hero of this voyage; I'll miss him terribly\" ) and his mentor Commander Dilip Donde. Donde \u2014 who sports a bushy chalk-white beard \u2014 became the first Indian to successfully complete a solo circumnavigation (with stops) two years ago. Tomy cut his teeth on the Mhadei acting as Donde's shore support during his circumnavigation and later graduated to sailing with him, finally donning the skipper's hat in a journey from Rio to Capetown. He brought the Mhadei alone from Capetown to Goa, eventually clocking a total of 25,000 miles of ocean sailing on the boat in the past few years. Sitting on the deck after a climb up the mast along with Tomy as part of the ongoing drill to check for repairs, Donde is aware of the challenges his protege faces \u2014 not just on sea but also on land. \"Even as I was setting out, there were plenty of naysayers who had predicted that the chances of the boat coming back were nil,\" he says. \"I had a point to prove and this kept me going.\" Tomy, though, prefers to shrug off what people might think. \"It may seem like an insane idea to some,\" he says with an impish grin. \"But to borrow a line from Catch 22 \u2014 it's more insane on land.\"Sunday Times will be tracking Abhilash Tomy's voyage through the six-month period with regular updates", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16807467", "title": "Berenice Marlohe bares all for steamy sex scene", "text": "Berenice Marlohe , who plays seductress Severine in the latest 007 film 'Skyfall', strips totally nude for a steamy sex scene with a hunky co-star, it has been revealed.The 33-year-old French actress bares her boobs in the X-rated romp, the Sun reported.Wearing a short bright red wig and heavy mascara, Marlohe is shown kissing her co-star before they have sex in front of a mirror.In other clips her co-star gropes her bare breasts and bum with his hands.The scene is taken from French medical TV drama 'Equipe medicale d'urgence', which means Emergency Medical Team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16802538", "title": "Another report says 73.5% Punjab youth drug addicts", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Although the SAD-BJP combine is tearing its own government report on drugs, which was quoted by Rahul Gandhi while saying 7 out of 10 youngsters are drug addicts in Punjab, another document of the state government, included as part of 'state disaster management plan', has emerged wherein the government acknowledged that \"some 73.5% of the state's youth between 16 and 35 years are confirmed drug addicts\".The state disaster management plan for 2010-11 cites \"drug addiction\" under the \"hazard\" category and describes the menace as \"grievous\". Both revenue and disaster management departments come under cabinet minister Bikramjit Singh Majithia.The plan quotes surveys done by Guru Nanak Dev University (GNDU), which was quoted by Rahul Gandhi. \"Punjab's grievous drug problem was revealed recently in a report by Guru Nanak University in Punjab's largest city, Amritsar, which declared that some 73.5% of the state's youth between 16 and 35 years were confirmed drug addicts,\" says the disaster management plan.The plan also quotes Raj Pal Meena, the then head of the state's Anti-Narcotics Task Force (ANTF) saying, \"Punjab is teetering on the edge of an extraordinary human crisis, with an inordinately large number of youngsters hooked on to marijuana, opium and heroin, in addition to imbibing a range of prescriptive tablets.\"Vijay Inder Singla, member of Parliament, said, \"The SAD-BJP government has been using these statistics as benchmark to make arrangements to tackle the drug problem. These are official figures and deputy chief minister Sukhbir Badal must apologise to the people of the state for misleading them\".A secretary of the department has been quoted in the disaster management plan: \"Addicts used a variety of drugs which included raw opium, smack, heroin, synthetic drugs like morphine, pethidine, codeine and psychotropic substances like diazepam.\"Vikram Chowdhary, state president of Youth Congress, has blamed the political leadership in the state for \"patronizing drug lords\". \"The biggest recoveries of drugs are from Jalalabad and Faridkot areas which are Badal's strongholds,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "16803740", "title": "Odisha man held for \u2018flesh trade\u2019", "text": "CALANGUTE: Calangute police arrested Narendra Das, 22, a native of Odisha, for procuring a woman for prostitution late on Friday night. He was remanded to seven days police custody by the JMFC, Mapusa on Saturday.Following a tip-off that a pimp would be coming to deliver a woman to prospective customers near the Calangute football ground, police maintained a watch and nabbed Das when he arrived with a victim woman to deliver her to customers.The woman, 24, a native of West Bengal but residing at Mumbai, has been sent to Apna Ghar in Merces. Das, has been charged under Sections 4, 5 and 7 of the Immoral Traffic (Prevention) Act 1956.The police team which nabbed him consisted of PI Nolasco Raposo, PSI Sherif Jacques, PCs Vinay Shrivastava, Vinod Naik, Narendra Salgaonkar, Rupesh Khanolkar and LPC Darshana Sawant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "16804958", "title": "Two newborn girls die in North Gujarat", "text": "PALANPUR: The death of two newborn girls has come as a shock to the residents of North Gujarat. While one infant was found dead abandoned near a lavatory in Unjha in Mehsana district, the other died in a hospital at Deesa in Banaskantha district where her father had left her.Sources said that a sanitation employee had discovered the dead baby girl near a public toilet on the highway going from Ahmedabad to Abu Road on Thursday in Unjha.In the second case, Bhakari Bhil from Akhwa village in Barmer district of Rajasthan had got his newborn admitted in a hospital four days back but did not return after he went to arrange for money to meet the hospital expenses. He failed to turn up and the child died on Friday while being treated.\"It was a case of premature delivery. We had to keep the baby in the ICU. We would have waived off the charges had the father told us about his problem,\" said Dr Jaswant Tank of Bal Krishna Hospital in Deesa.Members of Mahila Kala Nidhi Trust at Kanodar have expressed shock over the two incidents. Chairperson of the organization, Rashmi Hada said, \"We are sorry to know about these deaths. Their birth could never be celebrated.\"The trust had celebrated the birth of a girl child last year by weighing her with coins .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16803315", "title": "B S Yeddyurappa continues to throw tantrums", "text": "BANGALORE: Indiscipline in the BJP is nothing new in Karnataka, but former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa, has apparently evolved a gameplan to force its leadership to expel him for \"breach of discipline and anti-party activities\" by throwing tantrums. He hopes this will not only facilitate the launching of his new party but also help it ride a \"sympathy wave''.Knowing fully well the party can ill afford to remove him, the leadership has maintained an \"intentional silence''. Many in the party feel any action against Yeddyurappa at this juncture will not help the party's cause as they fear a backlash from the major community Lingayats to which Yeddyurappa belongs.Though the leadership recently initiated action against Yeddyurappa's supporters - V Dhananjaya Kumar and Ayanur Manjunath -- for their public utterances against leaders, it has hesitated to take action against the former CM.On Saturday, Yeddyurappa took on the leadership: \"If my followers who are part of the Jagadish Shettar ministry are troubled, this government will not survive. Let them wait patiently till I quit the party in December.\" He added he'd embark on a statewide tour after resigning his assembly membership in December.But it's not as easy as it seems. \"All regional parties floated by former chief ministers and others have failed to take off. How do you expect us go with him or support him?'' asked a worried minister.He didn't a good response from his supporters from North Karnataka for the meeting at his Dollar Colony residence, ostensibly to seek their support for a regional outfit. Sensing something amiss, he called off the meeting to some time after October 16 dubbing it as an \"inauspicious day''.filed by Manu/Cleared by naheed/ es", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "johannesburg", "code": "16808911", "title": "South African teacher in racism row for remarks over Hindu thread", "text": "JOHANNESBURG: A white South African music teacher is facing racism charges after allegedly taunting a young Hindu boy for the past three years over a red string worn by the student for religious reasons.Sybil Jordaan, the music teacher, is facing racism charges from the Education authorities and the South African Human Rights Commission.Jordaan will have to answer to claims that she made racist and religiously intolerant remarks to the pupil, now nine, who may not be named under South African law.The boy's parents laid the charges after learning of the abuse that their child had reportedly suffered at the hands of the teacher only after he deliberately jammed his hand in a car door to avoid having to attend school.The parents claimed that the principal of the school, who is Jordaan's husband, did not resolve the matter satisfactorily when the parents first complained to him in 2010 about the racial remarks made to the child.But now the provincial education department has confirmed that notice has been served on Jordaan to respond within three days with a report on why she should not be suspended pending a disciplinary hearing.The school's attorney, Stefan Wolmarans, told media that the school's policy stated that \"religious decorations\" could be worn by pupils, but needed to be covered up.South African Hindu Maha Sabha president Ashwin Trikamjee said that matters like this were discriminatory and showed disrespect not only for the Hindu religion, but also for the South African constitution which safeguarded the religious rights of all its citizens.A few years ago, a South African-Indian mother won a case after going to the Constitutional Court when her daughter's school refused to let her wear a nose ring for cultural reasons.Married Hindu nurses also succeeded in another matter where their superiors disallowed them the right to wear the bindi (traditional dot to signify marriage) on their foreheads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16803422", "title": "Foresters on to curb poaching: Official", "text": "COIMBATORE: Intelligence teams have been formed to track animal poachers, said Rajiv K Srivastava, chief conservator of forests and field director of Anamalai Tiger Reserve. He was speaking to TOI after attending an eco-award ceremony conducted in the city by the Nature Conservation Society on Saturday. \"While the informers will be duly rewarded, the forest department is also relying on its high-tech infrastructure to track the movements of the poachers,\" Srivastava added.\"Nowadays, the poachers use technical gadgets for poaching and later the sales. This has helped them to connect better and escape the eyes of the forest officials. Therefore, we have also done some strategic changes,\" he said. Some of them include: tracking down the poachers using mobile phones. \"Use of such methods has helped us in bringing down the poaching market,\" Srivastava said.According to Srivastava, the forest department is also taking steps to mitigate the man-animal conflicts. \"We have set up dedicated and alert teams. Whenever a conflict is reported, they will rush to the spot,\" he added.These teams consist of anti-poaching watchers, who also conduct awareness programmes for the farmers and people living in the places near the forest areas. \"From keeping away the food materials which can attract animals towards the homes to how to deal with animals in the event of their arrival. People have begun to show interest in accepting the suggestions put forward,\" he said.Earlier, during the programme awards were distributed to the educational institutions and students for nature conservation related projects. N I Jalaluddin, president of NCS that conducted competitions for the best eco-based projects said several interesting and informative initiatives are coming up from students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16803234", "title": "BEST way out: Citizens for more bus services", "text": "MUMBAI: Terming the post-revision auto and taxi fares \"unaffordable\", commuters have demanded an increase in BEST services, especially on feeder routes.Ravindra Naik, who resides at Evershine Nagar in Malad, said, \"Ours is a huge colony but there are very few bus services to Malad station. In public interest, the BEST administration should introduce more services.\" that will help them wean away commuters from auto.\"BEST committee member Ravi Raja said, \"The number of commuters traveling on BEST buses, especially on feeder routes, is likely to go up following the fare hike. The undertaking should introduce more services on such routes to meet the additional demand.\"Pradeep Bhatt, an insurance agent, said, \"BEST should start shuttle services between two prominent destinations such as Bandra and Andheri on the Western Express Highway and also on smaller stretches on the Eastern Express Highway. These highways are wide and there isn't much traffic congestion on them. Such a service will be faster and therefore popular.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16804263", "title": "Indian rock python rescued from Gorewada", "text": "NAGPUR: An Indian rock python was rescued on Saturday morning from Gorewada and treated at the Teaching Veterinary Clinical Complex (TVCC), near Alankar theatre.\"We got a call from some residents who stay near Gorewada. Some fishermen were hitting a snake with sticks and stones. Rohit Umbadkar went to the spot to fetch it,\" said Gaurang Waikar of Vidarbha Sarpamitra Samiti. The incident occurred around 9.30am.\"The 7-foot long python's oesophagus was hurt. It also suffered internal bleeding. Now, it's out of danger,\" said Dr Shirish Upadhyay of TVCC.After treatment, Waikar took the snake to the Seminary Hills office of the forest department. \"We gave an application for permission to keep the snake till it recovers as it is a schedule one animal. The reptile will be taken to TVCC again on Monday and then released in the wild.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16804122", "title": "Slum-dwellers still living under fear", "text": "NAGPUR: City police chief Ankush Dhanvijay may have assured the dwellers of Vasantrao Naik slums about providing security from the goons but they seem to be still living under fear.A section of the slum-dwellers claim that brother of local goon Sheikh Akram, Razzak, has been threatening them of dire consequences following lynching of Akram's younger brother Sheikh Iqbal last week. \"Children have stopped going to school out of fear. Akram's supporters are stealthily frequenting the slums to observe and report back the developments to the goons,\" said a local resident.Fed up with constant harassment from the criminals, an angry mob had lynched Sheikh Iqbal at Vasantrao Naik slum near Bole Petrol pump on Tuesday. Following the incident, the alleged murder of Rohit Jain too came to the fore. The highly decomposed body of Rohit Jain was found from a hut at Vasantrao Naik slums.State director general of police Sanjeev Dayal had suspended Senior PI of the Sitabuldi police station Prakash Jadhav immediately after this. Later, CP Dhanvijay suspended second PI Rajesh Jadhav and five other constables of the Detection branch wing of Sitabuldi police station.The CP said that residents threatened by Razzak or anyone else can file a complaint at the police station. \"Let them provide us information about Razzak and we will act,\" he said. The top cop also said that city police department has powers to suspend officials up to the rank of PI while those above can be suspended only by government orders.It has been reliably learnt that the government has also received information about connections between senior police officials of the supervisory level and Akram. \"Some of the low-rung cops were close to Akram,' said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16803450", "title": "Fight over throwing waste water leads to man\u2019s death", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 62-year-old man succumbed to injuries he suffered when he intervened in a quarrel involving his sister and two other women over throwing soap water on the road in Kunnathurpudur near Annur on Saturday morning.Police said, M Kalaimani (48) and her daughter S Kousalya (22) used public tap water for washing their clothes and poured the waste water on the cement road on Vinayagar Temple Street at Kunnathurpudur near Annur on Saturday morning. Seeing this, Pushpavalli, (55) advised them not to pour the soap water on the street. A quarrel arose between them. Meanwhile, the deceased, S Bakthavatchalam (62) Pushpavalli's elder brother had tried to intervene in the quarrel.According to police, Kalaimani and Kousalya went back home and informed M Murthy, (49) Kalaimani's husband. Later, all three came to meet Bakthavatchalam and advised him not to intervene in the matter. However, a quarrel arose between them again, which took a violent turn.Police said, Murthy attacked Bakthavatchalam by using a wooden log along with Kousalya. Bakthavatchalam was rushed to nearby hospital where he was declared as brought dead.Annur police registered a case against Murthy, Kalaimani and daughter Kousalya under section 302 (murder) of IPC. Three family members were taken to police custody for an interrogation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16804789", "title": "I-League: Mumbai clubs' poor run continues", "text": "MUMBAI: After a disastrous Round One for Mumbai clubs in the I-League where all three city teams - Air India, Mumbai FC and ONGC - crashed to defeats, Round Two brought with it hope of a better show but it wasn't to be.After Air India got hammered 5-0 by United SC in the opener, it was ONGC's turn this time around with a merciless Churchill Brothers putting five past the Mumbai club. What was appalling was the fact that all the goals came in the first half. The defence was all at sea while all the attack was restricted only to the Goan side.In Pune, Mumbai FC lost their second consecutive game 3-2 after being 2-1 up when Jeje Lalpekhlua fired the winner for Derrick Pereira's boys. Coach Khalid Jamil will be as happy with his strikers as he would be disappointed with his defence that has leaked 6 goals in two games now. Air India's story was no different as their trip to Kolkata to play Pailan Arrows ended in a 2-1 defeat.Slow starts have always seen Mumbai clubs end up battling for survival more than anything and if the first two rounds are any sign to go by, then things look bleak. Mumbai FC finished 11th last season while Air India ended up at 9th position. ONGC have already tasted relegation once in 2010. The clubs can only hope that Round 3 has better things in store.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16804097", "title": "12 thousand seats vacant in engg colleges under varsity", "text": "PUNE: As many as 12,275 seats have remained vacant at the 114 engineering colleges affiliated to the University of Pune (UoP), at the end of the first-year engineering degree course admission process for academic year 2012-13 in the state. This includes 8,210 vacancies at 84 engineering colleges in Pune district.Members of the UoP senate raised their concern over the high level of vacancy at engineering colleges and urged the varsity administration to stop approving new engineering colleges from academic year 2013-14.UoP engineering faculty dean Gajanan Kharate informed members that the university can do little about the policy pursued by the country's technical education regulator, the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE), regarding sanctioning of new colleges, sections, increase in student intake at existing institutions and disbanding colleges. \"The colleges are sanctioned by the AICTE, after which the state issues a government resolution approving the institutions. The university's role of granting approval and affiliation comes only thereafter,\" he said.Replying to a query by Mrudula Kulkarni, senate member Sunanda M Navle said, \"There are 114 engineering colleges under UoP with 13 in Ahmednagar, 17 in Nashik and 84 in Pune. Collectively, these colleges account for a student intake of 46,839 seats - the break up being 4,740 seats in Ahmednagar, 7,630 seats in Nashik and 34,469 in Pune.\"Navle said, \"The 114 colleges include the 12 new colleges that were added at the commencement of 2012-13 and the student intake of these new colleges is 3,540 seats...This year, a total of 34,564 seats were allotted at all the colleges, including 3,144 in Ahmednagar, 5161 in Nashik and 26,259 in Pune.Pointing out that many engineering colleges were struggling to keep afloat, some senate members questioned the need to approve new colleges and push up the number of vacant seats. Navle said that sanctioning of new colleges should be made subject to fulfillment of certain norms.Kharate replied that the state government had already written to the AICTE asking the latter to stop sanctioning new engineering colleges in the state. \"However, the AICTE has asked the government to furnish a perspective plan for development of technical education in the state to enable it take a call on the government's plea. A fortnight ago, the government released a perspective plan and has sought feedback from various stakeholders on the same. The plan will be forwarded to the regulatory body. Till then, the AICTE will continue to pursue its present policy on sanctioning of new colleges,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16804569", "title": "Restaurants steal a march over food courts in Manipal", "text": "HUBLI: The presence of huge food courts, which are as good as international standard outlets, does not guarantee that students will make a bee line for it. A case in point is the food courts at Manipal University. These food courts, which can accommodate thousands of students, cater different varieties of cuisines. Yet, many students prefer the fare dished out at food joints that have mushroomed here to cater to the demands of students in this education town that is home to over 25,000 desi and videshi students. Venkatesh Kumar, an engineering student, who prefers having food in restaurants, says the predictable menu in food courts could be one reason that is making students favour the restaurants over food courts. Many restaurants here offer door-delivery to students, he says.Incidentally, of the two food courts, the food court at Kasturba Medical College campus has branded food outlets like Subway, Siroco, among others to name a few. Another irritating factor at the food courts, observes Shikha Hallan, an engineering student, is that during lunch hours they are overcrowded. Since there are no waiters in food courts, students have to stand in queue at least for15 minutes. \"I prefer restaurants because food courts are very noisy,\" Shikha says.Many students visit restaurants because of offers they provide, she says.Batting both for food courts and restaurants is Nisha Mei Singh, a third year medical student, from California. Apart from eating in food courts, Nisha frequently visits restaurants. \"The restaurants offer privacy and we can hang out with our friends. Since restaurants cater to variety of tasty Indian dishes, I and my other non-resident Indian friends frequently explore restaurants in Manipal,\" Nisha adds.Manipal has all types of restaurants, be it Italian or Chinese, says Ajay R, a communication student. \"In most of the restaurants, quality of the food is good and it is also cheap,\" he adds. Manipal University purchase and general services directror Colonel Badri Narayanan said most students have food in food courts itself, but they prefer going out once in a while. \"However the new international food court with the capacity of 1,500 people is coming up in the campus in the beginning of the next academic year and this food court will decrease rush in the existing two food courts,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16803063", "title": "Robert Vadra director of 12 companies, 6 started this year", "text": "NEW DELHI: There is still no clarity if Corporation Bank ever extended an over-draft facility to a company controlled by Robert Vadra. However, it is confirmed that the Mangalore-based nationalised bank was among the favourite financial institutions of the controversial son-in-law of the Congress's first family.According to documents filed by the many companies controlled by Vadra, at least three of these firms had active accounts with Corporation Bank. In case of two other companies they do not specify the bank where the accounts are, but it is possible that they too were banking mostly with the same branch of Corporation Bank.Vadra is a director or an additional director in 12 companies, according to the ministry of corporate affairs. Of them, six firms were incorporated only this year, so they haven't yet filed their first balance sheets along with reports from the directors, auditors etc, with the registrar of company affairs.Of the other six firms, which have been in existence for longer period, their preferred banks were Corporation Bank and Standard Chartered.Blue Breeze, Sky Light Realty and Sky Light Hospitality all have active accounts with Corporation Bank in the national Capital. In some of these filings, it is specified that the accounts are in the Friends Colony branch of the bank.In its filing for 2007-08, Sky Light Hospitality has claimed an over-draft of Rs 7.94 crore. The bank has until now denied extending any over-draft to the firm, kicking up yet another row surrounding Vadra, whose meteoric financial gains has turned into a full-fledged political controversy after Arvind Kejriwal-led India Against Corruption (IAC) last week demanded a thorough investigation into it.Blue Breeze Trading also has an account with the Friends Colony branch of Corporation Bank. In fact, it was the only account that the company had when it started. Later, the company opened an account with Standard Chartered Bank.Sky Light Realty also had its accounts in both Corporation Bank and Standard Chartered. In fact, Vadra firms seem to have had numerous fixed deposits running into several crores, especially with Standard Chartered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16803111", "title": "India, Brazil, South Africa in war games from Oct 15", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Indian, Brazilian and South African navies will launch intensive maritime war games next week, continuing with the unique trilateral strategic initiative involving three democracies from three different continents.Defence ministry official Saturday said an Indian Delhi-class destroyer and a combat support warship are already in the international waters off Simon's town, the main base of the South African Navy near Cape Town, for the IBSAMAR exercise that kicks off from October 15.\"The warships from the three navies, with aircraft and helicopters, will undertake combat manoeuvres and anti-piracy drills. Our two warships earlier made a goodwill visit to Durban,'' said a source.The IBSA forum was established in June, 2003, to promote South-South dialogue, cooperation and the adoption of common positions on issues of international importance. Under it, the first IBSAMAR exercise was held in May, 2008, while the second edition was in 2010.Indian warships, usually, undertake long-range deployments, both to project power as well as \"build bridges of friendship'', but the IBSAMAR war games are nevertheless considered a challenging endeavour since the distance from India to South Africa, as also from Brazil to South Africa, is some 4,000 nautical miles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16803493", "title": "Shamim Khan seals BILT Open in play-off", "text": "NEW DELHI: The war stretched into extra rounds and ultimately, the composed figure of the older Khan emerged as the winner with an eight-foot birdie putt on the second playoff hole. But the outcome could so well have been different.For overnight leader Shamim, the BILT Open voodoo seemed to have unfurled itself as he slowly saw his four-stroke lead disappear agonizingly, stroke by stroke.He was under pressure, he admitted later. His trusty 3-wood was in the mood to rebel on the day of reckoning. A penalty drop on the 3rd lead to a double bogey and a bogey followed. Thus, three strokes were gone in a huff.He was, however, lucky that the younger Khan did not make a charge. Rashid parred eight holes before managing a birdie on the 9th. By then, the 34-year-old showed signs of recovery with a birdie on the eight. He went evenpar on the back nine, with a birdie cancelling his bogey. But his chances were hovering on the edge. \"My hitting started to get better and that was the key. Otherwise, you could easily lose your way on this course,\" the soft-spoken Shamim said later, pleased after sealing his first strokeplay title on his home course.However, it was his matchplay prowess at DGC - he had won the SRF titles here in 2006 and 2009 - that carried him over the finish line.Rashid, who had conceded his lead to a flawless Shamim on the third day with an overpar score, managed a two-under including a birdie on the 18th to force a playoff. But for the second time in two weeks, it was a case of so-near-yet-so-far.Nobody could doubt his resilience. They went back to the 18th tee for the shootout as the afternoon sun soared and Rashid's burning ambitions could have been doused by an errant drive. But a 25-foot curling birdie earned him salvation, and with Shamim sinking a given, it was back to the drawing board for the tireless duo.The law of averages then took over. This time, Rashid missed a ten-footer. For Shamim, the pressure was off. His left-to-right eight footer lazily rolled into the hole to hand him his first playoff win in four attempts. \"It's all about mind games in playoffs and DGC is not for long-hitters. You may escape once but not everytime. I knew that as long as I was patient, he would blink.\"A third title this season and a cheque for Rs 16,16,500 lifted Shamim to the top of the Order of Merit. It was justice served for the consistent golfer, who made amends for his final-day hiccup at the CG Open last week.Final round scores: 274 (14-under): Shamim Khan 64-72-64-74, Rashid Khan 65-66-73-70 (Shamim won in a playoff); 279-Manav Jaini 69-71-68-71; 280-Abhinav Lohan 69-70-71-70, Mithun Perera (SL) 71-71-67-71. Selected scores: 284-Jyoti Randhawa 69-72-71-72 (tied-9th), 286-Gaurav Ghei 78-70-66-72 (13th).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16803627", "title": "Lourenco lashes out at CM\u2019s \u2018politics of vengeance\u2019", "text": "PANAJI: Referring to the FIR registered against Congress spokesperson Jitendra Deshprabhu days after he lashed out at Parrikar for \"fooling people on the illegal mining issue\", Curtorim MLA Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco termed this a case of \"politics of vengeance\".The chief minister is using government machinery to \"silence people who are critical of his style of functioning and his governance\", Lourenco said.\"Filing cases against those who talk against the government is a step to silence the opposition,\" said Lourenco. Deshprahbu had also said that if the government plans to file an FIR against two former chief ministers in the wake of the Shah commission report on illegal mining, Parrikar should also be booked as illegal mining started during the BJP's last term (2000-05).Reacting to the appointment of Francis D'Souza as deputy chief minister of Goa, Lourenco sought to remind Parrikar about the time he overthrew the Congress through a back-door entry by supporting Francisco Sardinha as the chief minister, but brought down the government within 11 months.\"D'Souza is a good candidate and he deserves the post. He should not be ousted,\" said Lourenco.Moving on to the delay in allotting shacks for the current tourism season, Lourenco questioned the government over whether this is a tactic to benefit five-start hotels. \"I wonder if the five start hoteliers have assured the government of funding one of the many schemes launched by it,\" he said.Lourenco said that 90% of those involved in the shack business are from the minority community. \"Are they being targetted because of this?\" Lourenco sought to know.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16803289", "title": "CM batted for discoms: BJP", "text": "NEW DELHI: After losing the initiative on the power tariff issue to activist Arvind Kejriwal and his organization India Against Corruption , the BJP on Saturday tried to reclaim its place as the main opposition party by cornering chief minister Sheila Dikshit and a number of senior bureaucrats with accusations of benefiting private distribution companies. The BJP even filed a police complaint against the CM and the bureaucrats alleging a conspiracy to benefit discoms.The complaint recorded at IP Estate police station details the process of privatization and tariff setting over the years. It alleges that the \"conspiracy\" that also involved two members of Delhi Electricity Regulatory Commission and officials of three discoms spiked DERC's move to cut power tariff by 23% in May, 2010.The Delhi CM, however, dismissed the allegations stating that setting tariff was DERC's job. \"Why are they (BJP) filing complaints against me? If they want to file a complaint, it should be against the discoms. I am not a party to any such decision,\" she told PTI.\"We demand a high-level inquiry into the scam,\" said Delhi BJP chief Vijender Gupta, who was part of the group that filed the police complaint. Gupta announced a 40-day protest against power tariff hike at prominent locations.To drive home its point, the BJP released the tariff order finalised by DERC in April, 2010 that recommended a cut in tariff citing healthy financial position of the discoms. On May 4, 2010, the Delhi government used a special power to stall DERC's decision till it re-examined discoms' demands to increase rates. DERC had indicated that it had planned to cut the tariff by 20-25% as discoms would have a surplus of around Rs 4,000 crore if the existing tariff was not changed.Although the three-member DERC was arguing for a cut, after the appointment of two new members it became sympathetic to the demands of the discoms and hiked tariff by 22% in August last year, and 26% in June this year for domestic consumers.Delhi high court had in February quashed the government's notification stalling the tariff order. It termed the intervention as \"absolutely unjustified, unwarranted and untenable\".In 2010, under its chief Berjinder Singh, who was all for slashing tariff, DERC had sought the opinion of the then solicitor general Gopal Subramaniam, who held the government's directive 'ultra vires'. \"...the direction... amounts to placing a fetter on quasi-judicial function,\" Subramaniam had observed.The BJP complaint, signed by one Abhay Verma, states that when the DERC tariff plan became known, a criminal conspiracy was hatched to stall it. Gupta said BJP workers will organize protests at various places around Delhi, including Kashmere Gate and Shahdara Pul, among others, on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16804733", "title": "Rising star makes a splash in the pool", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Back in 2007, Aanal Patel took her seven-year-old daughter Maana to the swimming pool of a sports club in Ahmedabad. At the time, she was a weak kid with poor appetite. However, in just four years, Maana converted the quest to build an appetite for food into a craving for medals, winning several national-level events. And today, it is the hunger for achievements that makes Maana jump into the pool day in and day out.Proving her mettle in national-level performances, Maana put up a stupendous show at the recently concluded 66th Senior National Aquatic Championship in Pune to win a bronze medal in the 50m backstroke category with a timing of 00.31.60 seconds. The medal gave her an entry into the history books of national sports because at 12, Maana happened to be the youngest ever medal-winner in senior nationals. Maana, who began to be referred to as the 'baby of the meet', told TOI that she wanted to win for her state, Gujarat.\"On the opening day of the meet, I swam 200m backstroke and finished sixth,\" said Maana, a Class VIII student of Udgam School. \"Everyone thought I was just another laggard. However, on the third day, I was a sort of a star when I won the bronze medal in 50m backstroke. I wrote history when I won the medal in the senior national tournament. That was when everyone took notice of me.\" She said veteran swimmers came up to her offering congratulations. \"It was an amazing feeling to be the youngest of the 800 participants and be known by everyone,\" she said.However, this was not the first time that the kid became a talking point of a tournament. Earlier in July this year, Maana debuted in the sub-junior national games and picked up four gold medals. Now, winning golds was a matter of pride all right, but the little girl won 50m, 100m backstroke, and 50m freestyle setting a new national record, and her timings in the 50m and 100m backstroke races were better than anyone else's in the boys' section!Maana's first plunge into a really daunting arena - the Arabian Sea - happened when she was only nine. She finished fifth in the U-16 Shree Ram Sea Swimming Competition held in Porbandar. When asked if she was afraid of the sea, she said: \"Not at all. I swam there for 20 minutes and had several jelly-fish stings but I realized it only after the competition.\"It was the timely advice from well-wishers at Maana's pool at Ahmedabad's Sports Club that prompted her parents to shift her to Gujarat Vidyapith swimming pool and seek the guidance of seasoned coach Kamlesh Nanavati. \"Right people gave me advice at the right time and that's why my daughter is headed in the right direction,\" Aanal said.Despite all the buzz around her, Maana is still a focused child and is readying herself for bigger and tougher challenges. \"Of course, Olympics is my ultimate goal, but before that I wish to take part in various Asian meets, the Youth Olympics and the Quadrennial Games,\" she said.Maana idolizes Olympic medalists Ryan Lochte and Rebecca Adlington, is an animal lover, and relishes mushrooms, kheer and pizzas. About her future plans, Maana said she wants to become an architect. When asked about the switch from being a champion swimmer to choosing an equally challenging profession like architecture, pat came the reply: \"I will make it possible\".Maana's medal haul1 bronze in 50m backstroke (senior nationals, Pune in September 2012)4 golds in 50m, 100m backstroke; 50m and 100m freestyle (sub-junior nationals, Rajkot in July 2012). Was declared the best swimmer of the meet2 silvers in 50m, 100m backstroke2 bronze in 4X100 medley and 4x100 freestyle relay (School Games National, Goa in November 2011)4 golds in 50m, 100m backstroke; 50m and 100m freestyle (State CBSE meet, Divine Child School, Adalaj. Also won group champion trophy in the meet)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16810498", "title": "Punjab govt brainstorms with industrialists", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Representatives of Punjab government had brainstorming session with global industrial giants to give final touches to a blueprint aimed at holistic development of the state with focus on education, health, industrial development and infrastructure.In the 3rd meeting of Punjab Advisory Council held in which industrial giants like SK Munjal of Hero Group; Malvinder Singh from Fortis Health Care; Naresh Gujral, member Parliament; Mohit Gujral, vice president DLF India; Rakesh Bharti Mittal of Airtel Bharti Group; Kamal Oswal of Nahar Industries; Neeraj Saluja of SEL Ltd.; and Rajinder Gupta of Trident Group besides senior members of bureaucracy led by chief secretary Rakesh Singh participated, the group held six hour intensive discussion to finalize a model of development for Punjab that would prepare Punjab for challenges of next 50 years.It was deliberated that as per decision in the last meeting the Punjab industry department has already finalized a plan to set up industrial clusters and work on acquisition of land for Derabassi cluster has already started and another clusters were being planned in under developed area of district Ropar, Hoshiarpur, Pathankot and Gurdaspur. Sukhbir Badal, deputy CM said said that the Punjab government had already promulgated an ordinance to create a special purpose vehicle for handing over the maintenance of industrial areas to industrialists themselves.The chief secretary Rakesh Singh said he had recently visited Pakistan and they have already agreed to allow export of 6,000 items equivalent to Karachi port through Wagah border and India and Pakistan both have agreed to upgrade infrastructure on the border to meet the requirement of expected fivefold increase in export. He said that export from Wagah border that was presently Rs.2 billion would rise to Rs.10 billion in next 3 years and Punjab has to be prepared to reap its benefits to its fullest extent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16807047", "title": "Music launch of 'Taaan'", "text": "With Puja just around the corner, who cares what the excuse is for meeting up with friends and having a blast. The reason, on a recent Saturday was the music launch of Tolly flick, Taaan, and the bevy of stars who turned up for the event, let their hair down and partied hard at a city club following the launch.Pamela walked in with buddy Rajdeep, looking hot in a red dress and was seen having a good time with friends Maya and Sam . Debleena, looking pretty in a black sari, and Kanchana, were also spotted at the do.Says Sambaran, \"The music was launched by Rituparna and then we all headed to the club to hang out. I have listened to a few of the numbers and Indradeep has really done a good job with the earthy numbers. It was nice meeting up with a lot of friends. Although I left early, I heard they partied till late.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16803485", "title": "Bhavani MLA refutes allegations", "text": "COIMBATORE: Bhavani Sagar MLA P L Sundaram on Saturday took strong exception to the allegations leveled by Tamil Nadu Green Movement that his followers had caused severe damage to the fragile ecosystem of Sathyamangalam Wildlife Sanctuary by filling up elephant proof trenches and felling trees.Sundaram, who is currently attending the CPI state executive in Coimbatore told TOI, that the allegation made by K Mohanraj of the Movement that followers of the MLA had damaged forest wealth stretching along 3.5 km in Chikkarasamplayam under Sathyamangalam range by constructing a road to facilitate movement of trucks and tractors to transport forest wealth was misleading. \"None of my party workers or followers had involved in anything as alleged by Mohanraj. As per the information I have, some locals had cleared the road to a forest temple there with the permission of officials to conduct the annual festival. I am no way involved in it,'' he said.Sathyamangalam divisional forest officer N Sathish said the road was renovated by locals as part of the preparations for annual festival at Perumal Kovil in Chikkarasampalayam. \"They did it after obtaining permission from forest authorities. The festival happens only once in a year and the department has allowed human movement during that occasion as it is a matter of faith. There are over 30 such forest temples in Sathyamangalam wildlife sanctuary and the department permits festival in each temple once in a year,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "shimla/dharamshala", "code": "16802468", "title": "Payoff charges BJP conspiracy, says Virbhadra", "text": "SHIMLA/DHARAMSHALA: Following allegations of bribery against the former Union minister for steel and a veteran former chief minister of Himachal Pradesh Virbhadra Singh, the BJP stepped up its attack on the Congress leader and demanded a probe by a special investigation team.Virbhadra Singh, who is vying for the chief minister's post if the Congress wins the upcoming November 4 elections, claimed the allegations are part of the BJP's conspiracy.BJP national general secretary JP Nadda said \"we are all keen to know who is the 'VBS' to whom a private steel firm has paid Rs 2.28 crore between October 2009 and December 2010.\"Quoting income tax documents, a TV channel had claimed that Virbhadra was paid by the steel firm for doling out favours to it during his tenure as Union minister.\"The IT document was submitted before the central vigilance officer of the steel ministry but the matter has not been investigated,\" Nadda added. Reacting to reports about bribery charges, Virbhadra in a communique said it was a BJP gameplan to unleash false propaganda coinciding with the state elections.\"I only use VS and not VBS as my initials,\" he said. Denying any favours to ISPAT industries , the former Union minister said \"once elections are over, I will take legal action against all those behind this false, motivated and negative campaign\".Questioning the timing of the news item, he said \"neither the I-T department nor any other government agency has ever questioned me on anything pertaining to what is being reported in the media\".Calling it a cheap publicity-stunt raked up at a time when the election code of conduct is in force, Virbhadra said that he was willing to face any inquiry by any agency.\"Arun Jaitley and Anurag Thakur are the people behind this. They are making these cheap attempts just to malign the image of a veteran leader,\" said Kewal Singh Pathania, a prominent Congress leader from Kangra district in HP.Anurag Thakur and Arun Jaitley have denied the allegations of Virbhadra saying that he is just diverting public attention by giving baseless excuses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "16809459", "title": "Shooting of Pakistani girl: Three brothers of senior Taliban commander arrested", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistani security agencies have arrested three brothers of a senior Taliban commander from Swat during a raid for alleged links to the near-fatal attack on teenage rights activist Malala Yousufzai, who is still on ventilator in hospital and making \"slow and steady\" progress.The suspects, who were arrested on Saturday in Nowshera district of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province, were sent to an undisclosed location for questioning, officials said.The officials told the media that another brother of the three men was a senior commander in the Taliban faction led by Maulana Fazlullah \u2014 also known as Radio Mullah \u2014 who controlled Swat till the army launched an operation there in early 2009. The suspects were held a day after Swat district police chief Gul Afzal Khan Afridi announced that they had made an \"important breakthrough\" by arresting three other men, whose identity not disclosed, on suspicion of involvement in the attack on 14-year-old Malala.Afridi had said police were hopeful of arresting Ataullah, the alleged mastermind of Tuesday's attack on Malala and two of her school friends, soon.Earlier, police and security agencies had detained dozens of suspects for questioning in connection with the attack. The driver of Malala's school bus too was questioned.Most of these people were released after questioning On Malala's condition, the military on Sunday said she was making \"slow and steady progress.\"\"Doctors have reviewed Malala's condition and are satisfied. She is making slow and steady progress which is in keeping with expectations,\" chief military spokesman Maj Gen Asim Saleem Bajwa said in a statement. Malala has been on ventilator since she was shifted from Peshawar to the Armed Forces Institute of Cardiology in Rawalpindi on Thursday after doctors removed a bullet lodged near her backbone.She was shot in the head and neck during the Taliban attack on her and two of her school friends on Tuesday last.Bajwa said recovery from \"this type of injury is always slow.\"Doctors are continuing to monitor Malala's condition Doctors are continuing to monitor Malala's condition closely and another detailed review will be carried out shortly, Bajwa said. On Saturday, doctors reduced Malala's sedation so that neurosurgeons could make a \"better clinical assessment.\"Malala responded to stimulus and moved her hands and feet slightly.Bajwa said that authorities have made preparations for all contingencies, including shifting Malala abroad for treatment, though no decision has been made in this regard. In a related development, Pakistan's Ambassador to UAE, Jamil Ahmed Khan, said the UAE royal family plans to send an air ambulance for Malala in case doctors decide to send her abroad for treatment. Visas were being finalized for the special UAE aircraft's crew and six doctors, he told Geo News channel.The air ambulance will remain in Islamabad till a decision is made whether she should be shifted abroad. Arrangements have been made to treat Malala at three hospitals in Dubai and Abu Dhabi, Khan said.The banned Tehrik-e-Taliban Pakistan, which claimed responsibility for the attack on Malala, has said the girl was targeted for backing Western ideals and a secular government.The shooting of the teenager has been denounced across the world.Pakistani authorities have offered a reward of Rs 1 crore for information leading to the capture of Malala's attackers.Meanwhile, people across Pakistan continued to offer prayers for Malala's recovery and hailed her for her campaign for education for all girls.In Lahore, Father Shahid Meraj led special prayers for Malala at the Cathedral Church. Meraj said Malala's attackers were not true followers of God, who wants every person, irrespective of religion, to get education.Children and women lit candles to express solidarity with Malala and sang hymns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16802362", "title": "Death for kidnap, murder for ransom under SC lens", "text": "NEW DELHI: For the murder of a 16 year-old Abhi Verma in 2005 after kidnapping him for ransom, three persons, including a woman, were awarded death penalty in 2006 that was upheld by the Supreme Court.But, two of them got a fresh lease of life on Friday, as the Supreme Court stayed fresh execution warrant after they challenged the constitutional validity of Section 364A of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) that permits the courts to award capital punishment for kidnapping-cum-murder for ransom.A bench of Justices Swatanter Kumar and S J Mukhopadhaya issued notices to the Centre and Punjab government after advocate D K Garg argued that Section 364A was meant to tackle kidnapping for ransom indulged in as a strategy by international terrorists to destabilize the country and not applicable to individual criminals.The bench also requested Solicitor General R F Nariman's assistance in the matter as Garg pointed out that the condemned prisoners had been living under the shadow of execution warrant since December, 2006, and hence deserved to be punished with life imprisonment.The trio - Vikram Singh, Jasvir Singh and Sonia - was convicted by a Hoshiarpur trial court for kidnapping minor Abhi and demanding Rs 50 lakh ransom from his goldsmith father, Ravi Verma. They murdered Abhi to eliminate evidence. The HC confirmed the death sentence in May, 2008, and the Supreme Court dismissed their appeal on January 25, 2010.But, now they have raised an important question of law relating to validity of Section 364A, which was inserted in the statute retrospectively from 1993 after Parliament approved amendment of IPC in 1994.Garg drew a comparison between Section 364 and 364A of IPC. He said: \"Section 364 deals with kidnapping or abduction in order to murder provide for a maximum punishment of life or 10 years, but Section 364A provided for death penalty for an additional offence of demanding ransom.\"\"Thus, there is no rationale or justification for imposing death sentence for a mere additional ransom demand. This violated right to equality and right to life guaranteed under Article 14 and 21 of the Constitution,\" he said.The petitioners also drew the court's attention to the object behind enactment of Section 364A and said it was never meant to be applied to individual criminals. \"The incorporation of Section 354A in IPC was based on the International Convention against Taking Hostages, 1979, which was meant to tackle the problem of hostages taken by terrorists to bend a government to their demands,\" they said.\"For example several hundred persons were kidnapped by ULFA in Assam, Maoists in Bihar, Chhattisgarh, Odisha and West Bengal. Foreign militants and terrorists have from time to time compelled the government to release other militants and terrorists lodged in jails,\" the petitioners said. To overcome this hostage problem, Section 364A was incorporated in IPC.Even while challenging the constitutional validity of the section under which they were awarded death penalty, they did not forget to invoke mercy of the apex court. \"The petitioners are continuously in jail since February 15, 2005 and have already undergone an actual sentence of about seven years and eight months while brooding in the horror of 'hanging' which has been haunting them in condemned cell,\" they argued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16805134", "title": "Shot fired at Obama office in Denver", "text": "WASHINGTON: A single shot was fired at the Obama campaign office in the western US state of Colorado, damaging a window, a local media report said.No one was injured, though people were inside the offices when the incident occurred on Saturday, Denver police spokeswoman Raquel Lopez. \"It looks like it was one shot that was fired into the structure,\" she was quoted as saying by The Denver Post.The police has a description of a \"possible vehicle of interest,\" she said, adding that detectives are reviewing any available video footage of the incident and pursuing leads. President Barack Obama was in Washington when the incident took place.According to Politico, the Obama campaign has some 30 field offices in this battle ground state of Colorado. Obama campaign officials did not immediately comment on the incident, which comes as he and his Republican rival Mitt Romney battle into the final weeks before the November 6 presidential election. pti", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16803242", "title": "Boy too smart to be kidnapped: Kin", "text": "MUMBAI: Parents and relatives of nine-year-old Aditya Sathiyaraj, who went missing from his Sion home on October 6 fearing reprimand from his father, are convinced that he had not been kidnapped and that he would return soon.\"Aditya is brave and smart enough to yell if anyone tries to kidnap him. He may have gone into hiding, fearing a scolding from his father,\" said Saintus Fernandes, Aditya's cousin. \"He is popular at his school, Sion's SIES.\" Once he tried to shake hands with a teacher. When she did not respond, he went ahead and demanded to know why the teacher did not shake his hand.\"Relatives and acquaintances have been helping the boy's father, Sathiyaraj Devraj, search the locality. Praising Aditya for his intelligence, and jovial nature, his tutor Usha Rajan said his father expected a lot from him. \"I treated Aditya like a son on learning that he has lost his mother.With the mid-term exams approaching, I told him on Saturday to work harder. Around 3.45pm, he wanted to leave, saying he had go to a temple with his grandmother. Around 4pm, his father called to ask when did Aditya leave the class. Later we learnt he is missing. We are praying for his safe return,\" she said. \"He is afraid of the dark.\"The Class-IV student had gone missing on October 6 after he ran away from his Sion residence reportedly due to fear of getting scolded from his father for telling a lie. Seven days has passed and still there is no clue whether he is hiding or was \"kidnapped\".TOI learnt through Aditya's classmates and tuition class friends that he was a smart kid and was very friendly to all. Those known to Aditya are putting in efforts daily along with his father and relatives to search the locality to track him. \"The boy is very intelligent. He picks up his studies very fast. I treated him like my son after learning he has lost his mother three years ago,\" said Aditya's tuition teacher Usha Rajan.Rajan said that his father expected a lot from him. \"On Saturday, Aditya went to his home at 2pm to have food and returned after some time for the class. As the mid-term exam was approaching I told Aditya that he has to do extra work. Around 3.45pm he wanted to leave because he wanted to go to temple with his grandmother. Around 4pm his father called and asked at what time Aditya left the tuition class. Later we learnt that he was missing. We are praying for his safe return. He is afraid of darkness,\" she said.Aditya ran away from his second-floor flat in Shivaji Nagar Housing Society at Sion around 4.30pm after he returned late from the class. Sathiyaraj knew that Aditya had left the class early but when the boy lied to him that he had been attending an extra class, he asked him to wait outside the flat while he corroborated his claim with his tutor. \"Aditya's friend came to return an eraser, which he had left behind in his class. She told me Aditya left 15 minutes earlier.When I tried to check with his teacher, he got scared and ran away. No one in the building saw him fleeing,\" Devraj told TOI. When Aditya did not return home till late, a missing person's complaint was lodged.\"My mother has been continuously crying. and the entire family is praying for his safe return.We did not get any call from anyone.We are praying for his safe return.\" Sathiyaraj's cousin Saintus Fernandes said, \"Aditya was not a dull child. He was smart enough to shout if anyone has kidnapped him. He might have gone hiding with fear of getting scolded by his father.\" \"He is famous at SIES school and all the teachers and students knew him by name. He is a darer. Once he tried to shake hand with a teacher. He got annoyed when the teacher didn't respond. He asked the teacher why she is not responding to him and got the teacher's attention,\" said Fernandes.Sion police senior inspector Motiram Kasar said, they were trying to find the boy.\"We have started combing operations and checking hotels and restaurants to see if he has fallen victim to child labour,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16805108", "title": "Australia fest to bring best of Australia to city", "text": "MUMBAI: The four-monthlong Oz festival, starting this month, will showcase Australia's choicest films, music concerts and arts in Mumbai.First in the series of events, two films\u2014Save Your Legs and The Sapphires\u2014will be screened at the Mumbai Film Festival. The Sapphires will be screened on October 24. Excerpts from the films of Australia-born stunt queen , Fearless Nadia, will be screened at the old Liberty theatre and will be accompanied by a live score by the Orkestra of the Underground.The Melbourne International Comedy Festival Roadshow will travel to Pune and Mumbai to search for the best Indian comedian, who will get a chance to travel to Australia. Five famous Aussie bands will perform at Hard Rock Cafe in November and the Deep Blue Orchestrawill play at Bluefrog on December 5. Australia's puppet theatre, Snuff Puppets, will conduct a two-week workshop for Dharavi youths.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16804063", "title": "Teacher booked for molestation", "text": "NAGPUR: Gittikhadan police have booked a 45-year-old teacher for allegedly molesting a 12-year-old girl on Saturday afternoon. The seventh standard student, in her complaint said that during the class, Yuvraj Shende touched her at inappropriate places. The victim narrated the incident to her mother who approached Gittikhadan police.Five flats burgledBurglars struck at five houses in Anil apartment, in Jeevan Chaya Nagar, fallin under Rana Pratap police station on Saturday night. All the five targeted flats were locked since months. Just a week before, five flats in two adjoining apartments were burgled. However, no major losses were reported. Police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16803236", "title": "Congress wants release of Rs 64 crore for students", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After highlighting how the Punjab government is donating generously to deputy chief minister's alma mater, Lawrence School, Sanawar, Congress has demanded the release of legitimate dues of Rs 64.39 crore meant for underprivileged students of Punjab, for the academic year 2011-12, provided by the Centre.Congress leader and former MLA Sukhpal Khaira, said, \"An RTI query has revealed that the central government had allocated Rs 87.05 crore as scholarships for minority students for the academic year 2012-13. Defying all norms and rules, the SAD-BJP government has released only Rs 22.66 crore for the said year and Rs 64.39 crore stands as arrears towards three different categories of deserving minority students.\"Khaira has alleged that even in the release of Rs 22.66 crore there is discrepancy and irregularity as according to the RTI information, only Rs 15.43 crore have been distributed to 21,693 students, while Rs 7.23 crore are yet to be distributed, although the academic session has ended.For the post matric scholarship 2011-12 a sum of Rs 39.42 crore was allocated by the Centre, whereas only Rs 22.66 crore were released and Rs 16.76 crore are yet to be paid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16802404", "title": "Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation to play key role in global summit of cities", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) will share its biodiversity activities with other cities to take up a coordinated activity, mayor Mohd Majid Hussain has said. He said the corporation will evolve a good strategy for biodiversity management soon.Addressing a joint press conference with GHMC commissioner M T Krishna Babu at HICC on Saturday, mayor Mohd Majid Hussain said as part of the CoP-11, a major event 'City and Sub-National Biodiversity Summit' would be held on October 15 and 16 at HICC convention hall in which the corporation would play a key role.Majid Hussain said mayors, governors, other high-ranking officials and their representative networks as well as representatives of national governments, international organisations, UN agencies and specialists from across the world would take part in the 'Cities for Life Summit' &amp; 'City and Sub-National Biodiversity Summit.'\"About 190 international delegates, representing 79 cities from 46 countries, and 140 Indian delegates will attend the meeting. Twenty-six mayors, including 11 from India, will participate in the event,\" the mayor said.He said the purpose of the meeting was to take stock of the latest relevant tools and initiatives on biodiversity and also to reiterate the importance of ecosystem services, understanding their value and present a response by local governments, sub-national governments, academia and international organisations to the 'plan of action'.\"We believe city summit recommendations will surely bring a revolutionary and healthy change. GHMC will be presenting posters along with other global cities. GHMC parks wing will release a theme brochure on Urban Biodiversity of Hyderabad. City Biodiversity Index 2012 Baseline document would also be released,\" the mayor said. He said exhibitions would be organised on 'Glimpses of Biodiversity of Greater Hyderabad' in association with the Osmania University and 'Trees of Hyderabad' in association with the Botanical Survey of India.Krishna Babu said GHMC had earlier announced that the colony which maintains the best park would be presented an award at the summit. After scrutinising several nominations, three colonies have been selected. He said S C Farm Meadows Community Welfare Society, Kompally, Shanthi Nagar Welfare Association and Aparna Owners' Society, Gachibowli were chosen for first, second and third prizes respectively. These associations would be given Rs 15 lakh (1{+s}{+t} prize), Rs 10 lakh (2{+n}{+d} prize) and Rs 5 lakh (3{+r}{+d} prize) on October 16, the commissioner said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16802481", "title": "MNCs among firms bidding for Krishna phase III", "text": "HYDERABAD: Seventeen firms, including some multi-national companies, have evinced interest in bidding for phase III of the Rs 1,670 crore Krishna drinking water supply project. The last date for filing tenders for the project is October 17.The Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) has already extended the deadline twice in view of the tough competition for the drinking water project, which aims to bring 90 million gallons of water per day (MGD) to Greater Hyderabad zone.According to sources, VA Tech Wabag Ltd , NCC Limited, SEW Infrastructure Limited, Ramky Infrastructure Limited, Kirloskar Brothers Limited, Koya &amp; Company, Hindustan Construction Company Limited, GKC Projects, Vishwa Infrastructure and Service Pvt Limited, IVRCL , The Indian Hume Pipe Co Limited and Rithwik Projects and BRCCPL raised queries on VAT, mobilisation advance, land acquisition and nature of soil at the project site.The Water Board has replied to the queries. In view of their clarifications, we have already extended the deadline for filing bids.On according technical sanction, the bids were invited for the 10 package works through eProcurement platform. Also, the government has relaxed qualification criteria from 5 to 10 years in respect of tenders for the drinking water project, said sources in HMWS&amp;SB.;Based on the representations, it appears that many MNCs were keen to bid for the project.Though the last date for filing bids is October 17, the tenders would be opened and scrutinised the next day, the sources added. The Water Board aims to complete the drinking water project within a year to overcome drinking water woes of the twin cities, a senior HMWS&SB; official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16804748", "title": "Drugs lead BPO staffers to theft", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Drug addiction and a lavish lifestyle pushed two BPO employees into the world of crime. The two started stealing vehicles, dismantling and then selling these to scrap dealers.Accused Baldev Singh of Sector 41 and Sandeep Kant of Sector 44 worked during the night at a call centre in Mohali and then stole vehicles in the wee hours of the morning.A total of 10 stolen vehicles including a Maruti and nine two-wheelers were recovered from their possession. Police have also seized two laptops and five cellphones from the houses of the two BPO employees. Police sources said Baldev is a graduate from Panjab University, while Sandeep did Class XII from a government model school here. The monthly expenses of the two were more than Rs 65,000.DSP (central) Ashish Kapoor said, \"The two were stopped at a special \"naka\" and when the cops asked them a few things, they replied in influent English and also produced identity cards to show that they were employees of a call centre. The policemen became suspicious when they saw the registration number of their motorcycle, which was there in the list of stolen vehicles.\"Police sources said the motorcycle, which the BPO employees were riding, belonged to Vijay Kumar of Sector 15 and was stolen from outside his house on October 10.During interrogation, it came to the fore that six stolen vehicles out of 10 were hidden by them in different parking lots including one in Panjab University, the sources added.Inspector Gurmukh Singh said the accused failed to give any satisfactory reply when asked about the two laptops and five cellphones found at their homes. These were then seized under Section 102 of CrPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16804267", "title": "Bhubaneswar GRP grapples with staff shortage", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The abysmally under-staffed GRP is having a tough time tackling mischief-mongers, eve-teasers and petty criminals harassing commuters at the Bhubaneswar railway station. With the festive season round the corner policing on the platform is only going to get tougher.The staff strength of Bhubaneswar GRP is constant since the last 30 years though the number of commuters has increased manifold. It is manned by 30 constables, three havildars, four assistant sub-inspectors and two sub-inspectors and one inspector. \"We have appealed to railway higher-ups many times but no step has been taken in this regard\", said GRP superintendent of police Bhagyadhar Behera, adding that during the puja season, Bhubaneswar GRP will be provided with an additional platoon of force. He said nearly 40 trains pass through the Bhubaneswar station everyday with the platform witnessing a crowd of 50,000 people every day.Regular incidents of crime such as thefts on trains and platforms besides eve teasing and loot are witnessed at the Bhubaneswar railway station. GRP sources said there are around 200 identified juvenile delinquents and around 100 professional criminals, who keep hanging out on the platform.Last year, the GRP recorded 180 persons being arrested and produced in court, this year 115 persons have been booked. There are 145 cases registered this year compared to 200 cases last year. More cases have been reported during festive seasons.The SP said at least 100 constables, 10 assistant sub-inspectors and four sub-inspectors are required. \"We need at least 115 staff, including the inspector of the GRP station. We are not able to monitor all the incoming trains and at all platforms because of staff shortage. During festive seasons, it is a headache for us as we also have to engage some constables for security of VIPs, who alight at the Bhubaneswar station\", the SP said.GRP inspector Smruti Ranjan Kar said it is quite cumbersome to keep an eye on mischief-mongers with a handful of staff especially during festival seasons. \"Petty criminals keep on loitering on the platforms. But we do not have enough force to monitor them. The criminals enter the AC and general bogies and steal valuables like cellphones, laptops, jewellery, purse and vanity bags. They also loot passengers during arrival and departure of trains\", said GRP inspector Smruti Ranjan Kar. He said if additional forces are provided, crimes during Durga puja can be considerably checked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16804399", "title": "Old abodes of Goddess Durga", "text": "PATNA: The stage is almost set for celebrating one of the biggest festivals - the Sharadiya Navaratra. Thousands of pandals are fast coming up in the city where idols of Goddess Durga and her children would be installed shortly.Every year, the pandals compete to be the most extravagant, original or kaleidoscopic. In the city of yesteryears, there were very few pandals put up for Puja celebrations. Today, almost every locality in this expanding city celebrates its own Puja. Most of these elaborate and grand pandals are often replicas of wellknown structures and buildings around the world.Incidentally, beneath the grandeur and glitter still thrives the unmistakable faith in the Divine and she is worshipped everywhere with awe and reverence. For the old homes of the Goddess like the Sri Sri Badi Patan Devi near Bhadra Ghat and the Sri Sri Chhoti Patan Devi at Hajiganj, Marufganj Badi Devi and Maharajganj Chhoti Devi, the Gardanibagh Kalibari, Vindhyavasini Devi at Gardanibagh, Yarpur Thakurbari, Ramakrishna Mission, Darbhanga Kalibari etc, which are relatively bereft of glitter, still draw a large number of devotees. The focus of these temples are the ritual of 'kalash' or 'ghat sthapana'.\"It is pure devotion which attracts the devotees here in large numbers and each year it is increasing,\" said Mahant Vijay Shankar Giri of Bari Patan Devi. Bari Patan Devi, also called Maa Patneshwari, is regarded as one of the 51 'Siddha Shakti Pithas' in India as according to the Puranic legends 'right thigh' of the corpse of Sati fell here when it was chopped off by Lord Vishnu with his 'Sudarshan Chakra'. This temple has idols of Maha Kali, Maha Saraswati and Maha Lakshmi, all made up of black stone on a silver throne.\"We perform both Vedic and 'tantrik' puja here during Durga Puja,\" Giri told TOI, adding, \"Vedic Puja is done in front of devotees while 'tantrik' Puja is performed on Mahanisha (ashtami) after midnight and no one other than the purohits is allowed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "shanghai", "code": "16804767", "title": "It's Paes vs Bhupathi in Shanghai Masters final", "text": "SHANGHAI: The in-form pairing of Leander Paes and Czech Radek Stepanek will take on the all-Indian combine of Mahesh Bhupathi and Rohan Bopanna in the final of the Shanghai Rolex Masters 1000.Bhupathi and Paes, onetime friends and bitter rivals now, who've stood on the same side of the net on innumerable occasions, will face-off for the first time this year in the title round, in a match that'll be as much about tennis as it'll be about tension, a battle of serve and nerve.Paes and Stepanek, the fourth seeds, who played a tough quarterfinal on Friday, came through the last four clash against Croat Marin Cilic and Brazil's Marcelo Meloin a mere 57 minutes, dismissing their opponents 6-0, 6-2 and underlining their form which has seen them make two finals in as many weeks.Looking ahead at the final, Paes said, \"They are obviously playing good tennis to get to the final. They've had a pretty ordinary year so far, so it's nice to see them in the final. I believethey havetodo really well to get to the Masters in London . Sofor them this final is going to be really, really important. For me it's another match. I just go out there and have some fun and do what I do best. The key to the final will be the non Indian in the mix (Stepanek ). We get out there and play our regular brand of tennis, we play aggressive and have a lot of fun.\"Bhupathi and Bopanna, the seventh seeds, who've had to cope with off-court strains for most of the season, had to come through a testing last four encounter. With the Brits Colin Fleming and Ross Hutchins being two points away from the final, it appeared as if the Indians were out of the contest. At that point, the 38-year-old veteran brought nearly 20-years of experience to the table, combining to a nicety with the explosive Bopanna, winning all five of the last five points to clinch a place in the final. Bhupathi and Bopanna won 6-7 (4-7 ), 6-3, 10-8 in one hour and 36-minutes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16803354", "title": "Karnataka high court panel wants lighter howdas for jumbos", "text": "MYSORE: The practice of Chinnada Ambari or golden howdah is courting controversy again. In this century-old tradition, the lead elephant in the Dasara procession carries the howdah, weighing almost 800kg. However, a committee constituted by the high court has recommended that the load be reduced.Mysore deputy commissioner P S Vastrad, however, said they have received no directive from the court or government so far in this regard and that the practice will continue this year too.Two years ago, the Karnataka high court had set up a committee to look into man-elephant conflict in the state. After a detailed study, the panel recently submitted its recommendations before the high court. One of the suggestions was to use a lighter replica of the howdah during the procession.One of the members of the committee, who didn't want to be named, said in view of the well-being of wild elephants in captivity they had suggested lessening the howdah load. While respecting the tradition associated with it, the panelist said it would be appropriate and exemplary if the howdah is placed on a chariot that can be pulled by the elephant or if the replica of the ambari is made lighter.Historian P V Nanjaraj Urs told STOI that the tradition started around 1910 during the rule of Nalwadi Krishnaraja Wadiyar. Wadiyar and two of his relatives would ride on the lead elephant with the ambari to the Bannimantap and then back to the palace after performing pooja to 'Bannimara'. There the howdah would be removed for two hours for rituals and then mounted again on the elephant.The practice continued till abolition of privy purse. For a year, a wooden howdah was mounted before government took over organizing the festivities. The golden howdah came back minus any royalty riding on the animal. This reduced the weight of three persons, the historian stated. So far there haven't been any untoward incidents or resistance from the animals or people, Urs said.\"If the elephants had found the golden howdah too heavy, they would have reacted,\" said Urs. But if it amounts to animal cruelty, a solution is needed, he said. The howdah carrying time can be reduced, he added. One needs to take into account people's reaction, taking into consideration people, adding stopping the practice it would have reacted to it,\" felt Nanjaraj adding that if it amounts to animal cruelty we may stop the practice but don't know how people react to it. We however can't reduce the distance but can reduce howdah carrying time by mounting it in the nick of time of leaving Mysore Palace from where dasara celebration starts, he suggested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "16804299", "title": "Lok Adalat succour to duped investors", "text": "KEONJHAR: The lok adalat here ordered an officer of a private insurance company to pay the premium amount with 12% interest to two investors within one month of the order, passed earlier this week.The officer Asit Kumar Swain had allegedly taken the premium amount from the investors by providing forged insurance certificates. Chairperson of the Lok Adalat K L Mohapatra passed the order after hearing petitions by Pandaba Patra and Saroj Oram of Barbil area.Radhakanta Mohanta, advocate for the investors, said, \"The officer has collected crores of rupees from gullible investors by giving forged documents and receipts. Instead of depositing the premium money in the company's account, the officer deposited the amount in his personal account,\" Mohanta added.When the two investors found that their money was not deposited in the company's account and the receipts and the bonds, provided to them, had forged company seals and signatures, they moved the PLA. Crime Branch investigation into the case is already on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16803497", "title": "Central, eastern 'burbs most unsafe for elderly", "text": "MUMBAI: Crime statistics of the past five years show that most cases of murder and attacks on senior citizens have been registered in the central and eastern suburbs, followed by the western suburbs. Few crimes have been reported in the northern suburbs and South Mumbai.Former IPS officer and lawyer Y P Singh said the central and eastern suburbs were more vulnerable and unsafe mainly because these comprise old middle-class societies where security is either absent and if present, is unprofessional and scant. \"These suburbs are sprawling and it is much easier to escape undetected and rapidly. Exit routes from the city and railway stations are better connected from these suburbs,\" said Singh.Singh said that the adoption of senior citizens by the police is more of an emotional significance rather than an effective deterrent. To control crime in real terms, a host of measures would be needed. Most important today is the use of technology.Time and again, the city police have found that several residential buildings have not installed closed-circuit television (CCTV), appointed trained security guards or maintained log books of guests. Friday's case where Chembur resident Anusaya Dhyani (72) was stabbed by a courier boy once again shows up the crying need of security gadgets and trained guards, a police officer said. However, the Tilak Nagar police acted speedily and arrested the prime accused Sandeep Chaurasiya (25), who had planned the offence.Vijay Khanna, resident of Manu Cooperative Housing Society and the victim's neighbour, told TOI, \"We are going to hold a meeting with building members to take a decision on beefing up the security in our residential complex and get some security gadgets. The incident is an eye-opener,\" said Khanna.Additional commissioner of police (east region) Quaiser Khalid said, \"The time has come for one to be aware. Details of the security must be maintained, too, so that the elderly do not become victims.\" \"We have repeatedly appealed to residential buildings and also called meetings to install closed-circuit television (CCTV) and other useful gadgets that will enhance the security. But hardly anyone has taken it seriously,\" said Khalid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16805281", "title": "Kanpur gears up for Durga Puja", "text": "KANPUR: Organisers of Durga Puja pandals this year are gearing up to make the event unprecedentedly attractive and grand. As many as 100 mega budget puja pandals are coming up in the city to mark the festival. These will be based on themes taken after historical monuments and the like. The Bengali community will also be holding large pandals at Shastri Nagar, Pandu Nagar, Mall road, and Swaroop Nagar, to name a few.The district administration has asked the organizers of both listed and unlisted pandals to install CCTV cameras at the entrance and near the idol. Police officials in uniform and in civilian clothes have been instructed to remain present on locations where a huge rush of people is expected. Officials of puja committees have been asked to make separate entrances for men and women to avoid chaos.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16804608", "title": "Yours, wormly", "text": "Soft, wriggly earthworms as warriors saving the planet \u2014 it might be hard to visualise that, but turns out they really are superheroes . Famously called the farmer's friend, they already help in maintaining soil fertility and in making vermicompost. But in their newest avatar , they are combating the deadly heavy metal waste that humans are busy dumping on earth...by simply eating it up.Recently, two Indian scientists reported that three species of earthworm \u2014 Eudrilus eugeniae, Eisenia fetida and Perionyx excavates \u2014 could be used to extract toxic heavy metals, including cadmium and lead, from municipal solid waste. Says co-author and senior professor in the department of ecology and environmental science in Puducherry University, Vikram Reddy: \"We analysed ordinary compost and vermicompost, and found lower levels of heavy metals in the latter.\"These crawlers eat organic matter along with soil that contains the heavy metals. The soil is passed out as excreta, while the heavy metals are absorbed, broken down by some enzymes and accumulated in the worms' body tissue. Earthworms in general are highly resistant to many chemical contaminants, organic and inorganic pollutants in soil.\"They can take in heavy metals approximately 10 times their body weight,\" says scientist and founder of Concept Biotech in Vadodara, Suneet Dabke. He discovered this particular trait of the earthworm some years ago and has successfully used it to clean up heavy metal contamination in Muthia village. Located just on the outskirts of Ahmedabad, the village lies close to a major industrial estate, and had around 60,000 tonnes of sludge from effluent treatment plants and other untreated waste dumped along its periphery over a decade. The deadly waste had leached heavy metals like cadmium, chromium, lead and nickel into the groundwater, turning it yellow and red.Dabke removed part of the topsoil, and then introduced 300,000 earthworms to the area. \"We used the surface earthworms , not the deep boring variety. The best part is that they multiply fast \u2014 within a month 10 kg of earthworms can become 15-20 kg.\" Once introduced to the contaminated area, the worms go to work, ingesting and absorbing the heavy metals. \"To maintain their water balance , they release some minerals into the soil, but retain the heavy metals in their bodies, without excreting it,'' adds Dabke. The Muthia worms were later removed and allowed to disperse in a controlled manner in a large area. Another option is to incinerate them.The area in Muthia has since been reclaimed, with 60% of the heavy metals contamination removed from it, thanks to the 'superworms' . \"Depending on the amount and type of waste, up to 90% of the metals can be removed,\" says Dabke. At the end of the three- year project, which had been funded by Blacksmith Institute, \"the heavy metals had got dispersed, the groundwater was cleaned up and the leaching of the wastes had stopped.\"Dabke, however, believes the real heroes of the story are the bacteria in the vermicompost that break down the organic matter and make it available to the earthworms: \"Without the bacteria, the earthworm cannot do anything. It's a symbiotic relationship.\"There's no complex technology or high expense involved. A single Eudrilus eugeniae worm, which is native to Africa, costs Rs 0.50, according to Reddy. The Muthia project cost was $30,000 or Rs 15 lakh in today's rate. By these standards, the government should be jumping the queue for enlisting the earthworms. But both Dabke and Reddy say that despite enormous international interest in their work, the Indian government has not reacted, even as the menace of industrial and urban waste in the country grows. Meanwhile, the valiant worms work away at turning wastelands into wonderlands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16804590", "title": "Small towns in culture circuit", "text": "From November 1 to 4, two festivals with all the ingredients to hook the culturally inclined will vie for audience attention \u2014 the debutant Dharamshala International Film Festival 2012 and the Mussoorie Writers' Mountain Festival. In a few weeks time, the country's first museum dedicated to tribal arts would get underway in Bhopal. Even the high-profile world of visual art, largely centred in Delhi and Mumbai, would make a bold new foray with the Kochi Muziris Biennale on December 12. All this comes close on the heels of the 5th annual Kovalam Literary Festival that was held in Thiruvananthapuram recently. And this is not even a fraction of the list of festivals that dot India's cultural map.India's culture, it seems, has found a truly pan-Indian address, beyond the overcrowded calendars of Delhi and Mumbai. The two cities for long have been unofficially anointed as the cultural capitals of the country but with well-produced festivals and events attracting audiences all over, the contemporary culture of the country is striking roots far and wide.\"It's time we redressed the balance,\" says Ritu Sarin, who has created the Dharamshala International Film Festival along with her husband Tenzing Sonam. The two have been making films on Tibetan subjects for more than 20 years, including the 2005 feature Dreaming Lhasa, which had Richard Gere as one of its executive producers. \"Art and culture need to get out of cities as there is a big population outside the metros that is interested,\" adds Sarin.Dharamshala was an easy choice as the duo has been living there for 16 years. So is the case with Mussoorie as quite a few well-known authors live there \u2014 Ruskin Bond, Stephen Alter and Bill Aitken to name a few. Maninder Kohli of the Himalayan Environment Trust, one of the sponsors of the festival, says, \"There is no dearth of audience for this kind of festival in the Mussoorie-Dehradun belt and no dearth of auditoriums due to the presence of many big schools here.\"The emergence of multiple cultural hotspots is not just a welcome relief for those who believe that Delhi and Mumbai don't sum up India, but also a befitting acknowledgement of the country's diverse culture. Classical Indian music, for instance, thrives largely outside these two metros even though the recitals they host end up being talked about more and the position that Chennai enjoys in hosting Carnatic music recitals remains unparalleled. On the other hand, it's the Northeast that has for long been the stronghold of contemporary western music.Even though the likes of Michael Jackson , Enrique Iglesias and everybody else in between make stopovers in Bangalore, Mumbai or Delhi (despite last-minute cancellations ), nothing can beat the energy of the annual Bob Dylan festival held in Shillong or the Hornbill Festival of Kohima. Then there is the Jodhpur RIFF, the popular international folk festival which enjoys the benefit of being an auxiliary of the well-marketed state tourism.Theatre is another element of Indian culture that has rich audiences all over. Niti Sayeed, actor and wife of M Sayeed Alam, director of Delhi-based theatre group Pierrot's Troupe, says, \"We take our plays all over the country and have found a more sensitive audience in Hyderabad, Bhopal, Bangalore and Ahmedabad.\" The audience in smaller towns is also not prone to asking for free passes as is the case with Delhi, she says. \"However, infrastructure is a drawback when performing outside a big city.\"Infrastructure, in fact, is the biggest roadblock for the development of alternative cultural hubs in the country. Binoo John, the man behind the Kovalam Literary Festival, says that despite this bottleneck, the development of newer festivals is a good sign. \"People are trying and in days to come there will be more fests in small towns. But you need sustained government patronage if you want to make culture big in any place. Bharat Bhavan of Bhopal is a good example that was amply supported by the government and the likes of Ashok Vajpeyi.\"The Hornbill Festival, Jaipur Literature Festival and Jodhpur RIFF, to name a few, have proved that it's possible to do a festival outside Delhi and Mumbai and make it work. Clearly, a case of small being the new big.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16804073", "title": "Pune Regional Transport Office to give vehicle fitness certificates during three camps", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Regional Transport Office(RTO) for the first time has planned three special camps in the coming week to issue fitness certificates to transport vehicles. The move comes after the state government's instructions to conduct extensive fitness test of every transport vehicle. The camps have been scheduled on October 14, 16 and 21 to ensure higher participation of vehicle owners.The state transport department had recently asked all RTOs in the state to bring quality changes in the fitness test procedures. The department had said that as per the observations, only 60% vehicles turn up for fitness test. Hence, the RTOs should make efforts to increase registration of vehicles for the tests.According to the instructions, every vehicle is now expected to undergo on-track tests, which include testing of tyres, engine, brakes, steering, wheel alignments, lights, etc. The transport department has also quoted the average time required to conduct these tests. A fitness test for an autorickshaw and a taxi would take about 10 minutes, light transport vehicles would require 15 minutes, trucks would require about 19 minutes and buses would take about 24 minutes.\"So far, the RTO inspectors used to issue fitness certificate without thorough checks. However, now they are expected to conduct extensive tests,\" said Baba Shinde, former member of the Regional Transport Authority. \"Following new instructions, we have planned special camp on coming Sundays and Tuesday at the Alandi Road office between 10.30am and 3.30pm to assist vehicle owners in getting the fitness test done,\" said deputy RTO Ajit Shinde.Shinde said the on-duty inspectors will conduct tests of six types of vehicles - truck, bus, tempo, delivery van, tourist taxi and CNG-run vehicles. The owners are expected to bring documents of vehicles and pollution under control (PUC) certificate at the time of the test. About 800 to 1,000 vehicles are expected to go for the test.Shinde pointed that the RTO inspector now takes an average 15 to 20 minutes to complete the fitness test of a vehicle. Considering a possibility that lesser number of vehicles would complete the test in a day owing to extended procedures, the RTO has planned special camps to restrict any delays and avoid pendency for fitness tests, said Shinde.Shinde added that the initiative will continue for the next three to four months, if the three camps in the coming week registers good response.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "16802753", "title": "Ramdev for CBI probe into missing guru", "text": "DEHRADUN: Yoga guru Baba Ramdev on Saturday welcomed the Uttarakhand government's decision to recommend a CBI probe into the mysterious disappearance of his 77-year-old teacher and Divya Yog Mandir Trust founder Shankar Dev who went missing from Haridwar in 2007.\"I am not afraid of any probe,\" said Ramdev, adding in 2011, he submitted a memorandum to the President demanding a CBI probe under the supervision of a sitting Supreme Court judge.On Friday, the state government recommended a CBI probe into the swami's disappearance. Chief minister Vijay Bahuguna said his government recommended the probe at the request of the saints of Bhartiya Sant Samaj led by its president Acharya Pramod Krishnan.Krishnan accused the yoga guru of not making enough efforts to trace Shankar Dev. \"He has been kidnapped and killed by aides of Balkrishna and Baba Ramdev with a motive to grab his property,\" alleged Krishnan.Since his disappearance, the Divya Yog Mandir Trust is owned by those close to Baba Ramdev and his aide Balkrishna. \"Both have deliberately avoided taking interest in the case,\" alleged Krishnan, adding although Balkrishna registered a missing report in 2007, they did not get the case investigated by police as it could expose their involvement.Haridwar SSP Arun Kumar Joshi said a closure report was filed in April this year after police failed to ascertain Shankar Dev's whereabouts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16803778", "title": "Public \u2018treated worse than animals\u2019 on buses: Trajano", "text": "PANAJI: Lokancho Adhar on Saturday demanded that the government ensure that senior citizens get 50% concession on fares on private buses in Goa. Speaking to reporters, the organization's president, Trajano D'Mello, also demanded that the government ensure discipline and good service from conductors, drivers and cleaners on all private buses in Goa.Objecting to the 100% bus fare hike demanded by the private bus owners as \"unjustified\", D'Mello said that before the government even considers the demand, it should ensure that the private buses offer good service to the travelling public who are \"treated worse than animals\" in private buses.Sometimes, the bus operators take their buses off the road on Sundays and holidays thereby leaving the commuters to fend for themselves, said D'Mello. \"On some routes, the buses are svery slow.\"\"The traffic police are hand-in-glove with the private bus operators and are interested only in issuing challans to private vehicles. The government must set this right before considering the demand of the private bus operators for a 100% hike in bus fares. The government should not burden the citizens further, because the private bus is the only mode of transport for the common man,\" D'Mello said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16810529", "title": "G Akash becomes senior national chess champion", "text": "KOLKATA: Sixteen-year-old school student G Akash became the senior national champion by winning the 50th National Premier Chess Championship on Sunday.World Champion Viswanathan Anand had also won the natioal title at the age of 16 while Dibyendu Barua had won the national championship title when he was 17.The class XI student of Jawahar Higher Secondary School Chennai drew his final round game against GM Deep Sengupta, with black, to take the title and a prize purse of INR 1.75 lakh at the Kshudiram Anushilan Kendra.Akash, whose previous best performance was a third-place finish in the U-17 National in Kanpur in August, also clinched a straightway IM title and first GM norm as the championship is billed as Zone 3.7 championship.As India is considered as a separate Zone for the world championship qualification matches, Akash will get a direct entry to the World Cup to be held in Tromse, Norway next year.Akash, who turned 16 on October 1, thus joined Anand in becoming senior national champion at a young age. Barua had won his maiden national title when he was 17.For Akash, the target from his maiden appearance at the senior nationals boasting 15 GMs and 11 IMs was to get his first IM norm.But, aided by a bit of luck, things started turning in his favour from 11th round as M R Venkatesh, who led the pack for four rounds, forfeited his match to the youngster for arriving three minutes late because of traffic.Akash did not look back after the one-point awarded to him as he upset an under-pressure Venkatesh yesterday in a tough game before settling the issue on Sunday.Playing black, Akash and Sengupta had a Sicilian opening with unusual variation and the latter had the early advantage.But Sengupta blundered with a miscalculation as Akash showed brilliant counter attack to force a draw.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16796844", "title": "Navratri fever in Tellyland", "text": "Small screen Gujarati stars talk to TOI about Navratri and garbaJay Bhanushali I love dandiya-raas. I visit Navratri venues too despite my hectic schedule. I love to watch people doing garba or dandiya \u2014 it is a beautiful sight. I pick up many dance steps every year! This year's special as it will be first Navratri after marrying Mahi. I'm sure our family will have some plans for us too.Shrenu Parikh I'm a huge fan of garba \u2014 I love to sing as well as do garba. I have been missing the Navratri in Vadodara for the last two years. Luckily this year, I'm going to be in Vadodara to judge a venue and do aarti as well. For the last two years, I've not got time to see Mumbai's disco-garba which is talked about.Neil Bhatt I'm shooting near Vadodara for my serial almost all the days of Navratri. I might take some time off to go to garba venues of Vadodara. It is my hometown and I know Navratri is celebrated best, here. Also, might go to Mumbai for a day as I'm invited to judge an event.Rashami Desai Sandhu It gets very difficult to do garba at public events. I can't miss out on garba, so the best option is to do garba with my neighbours. It's a private affair and I feel comfortable. Since I am shooting for a daily show now, which requires me to be on the sets everyday, I will have little time on hand . But, having said that I am set to dance for Navratri.Aniruddh Dave I enjoy garba in Ahmedabad. I am visiting a few places but our show will have a maha episode coming up so not sure if I will be able to make it.Giaa Manek Being a Gujarati, I simply love dandiya and garba. Until three years back, I used to go to garba venues and win prizes for my performances. But, ever since I have become part of the television industry I can't do garba in public places any more. This year I'll be in Ahmedabad, Jodhpur and Kolkata for Navratri. It is going to be fun and I don't mind adjusting my work schedule for this festivity.JD Majethia Within soaps, there's going to be a lot of Navratri celebration. I might go to garba venues with family as my daughters love to do garba. I like watching garba than do it, but for the sake of my daughters I might do a bit garba when I accompany them.Manav Gohil As I'm shooting for a daily soap, my schedule is very hectic. I might take a day off and will visit garba venues either in Ahmedabad or Vadodara. I love to do garba in my home town Vadodara. I can never do garba in Mumbai as they can't match up the Gujarat standards.Deven Bhojani When I was a kid, I used to love playing garbas and dandiyas, but not any more. Now during Navratris, I am invited as a guest and travel to different cities. A couple of times, I was also invited abroad. It's fun to visit cities and interact directly with my audience. This year too, I will be visiting a few cities.Pooja Gor I love garba, every year I always make it a point to go to Ahmedabad, for atleast one day. But this time sadly it's not possible as I'm working.Avika Gor Being a Gujarati, I love doing garba. This Navratri, I'll be visiting various cities. I finish off my studies well in advance to do garba. Not only that, I manage my shooting schedules so that I can take time out on all the nine nights for my trips or to enjoy garba.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16803310", "title": "Chains worth Rs 6 lakh snatched in 15 hours", "text": "MUMBAI: Seven cases of chain-snatching were reported in less than 15 hours from across the city. Chains worth nearly Rs 6 lakh were stolen in these incidents.The first case was reported around 7.15pm on Friday when Jas Singh (29) allegedly snatched a gold chain worth Rs 90,000 belonging to Ghatkopar resident Kusumben Patel (54). He was arrested. The six other cases occurred between 7am and 10am on Saturday in Bhandup, Borivli, Chembur, N M Joshi Marg area, Oshiwara and Sion. Gold chains worth around Rs 5.04 lakh were robbed in these cases.The police are searching for the motorcycle-borne thieves in the six cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16803935", "title": "Onion survey in Maharashtra from Nov 1", "text": "NASHIK: A ground truth survey (GTS) of onions in Maharashtra will be conducted from November 1. The National Horticulture Research and Development Foundation (NHRDF) has said it will commence the GTS for onion mapping in Maharashtra, Gujarat and Madhya Pradesh. Onion acreage will be collected with the analysis of GTS and satellite images.NHRDF officials have already started GTS in Karnataka because late Kharif season there begins earlier as compared to other states. The GTS is to be conducted for late kharif and summer crops.With an aim to provide the estimated data on onion acreage and help the government decide strategies pertaining to onion, NHRDF had set up a 'Geoinformatics Laboratory' at its head office at Chittegaon Phata, near Nashik, in January for mapping onion through satellite images in technical collaboration with ISRO's Space Application Centre (SAC), Ahmedabad, under National Horticulture Mission Programme.Speaking to TOI, an NHRDF official said, \"Last year, we had commenced remote sensing and field survey techniques project to assess onion acreage in the country. In the first phase, we implemented the project on a pilot basis in Maharashtra, Karnataka, MP and Gujarat. We got around 75% accuracy. This project will be implemented across the country once the system of onion mapping through satellite is developed.\"He further said that the NHRDF had already started GTS in the state of Karnataka and it would be analyzed with the satellite images. We will start taking satellite images from the Hyderabad centre of ISRO from the next week once the atmosphere is clear, we can't take satellite images due to cloudy atmosphere during the monsoon, he said.Onion crop area estimated using multiple and single date data gfor late kharigf and rabi season. Kharif onion area could not be estimated because of non-availability of cloud free satellite images during rainy season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16803981", "title": "For a green cause", "text": "Stereotyping the youth as self-centred, indifferent and gadget-obsessed is nothing new. But there are exceptions. And one of them is 18-year-old Archit Kejariwal, who took a one-year break from studies to spread awareness about the environment.\"I studied in a boarding school till standard XII. Before pursuing further studies, my parents wanted me to spend a year or so with them. I thought why not use this time to take a step towards a greener planet,\" says Archit.As a student of class III, Archit was given a letter-writing assignment. He did justice to it by writing to the mayor. The subject was environment. \"I had heard a lot about the harm caused due to plastic. I wrote a letter to the mayor regarding the issue. My teacher was very impressed and encouraged me to learn more about environment,\" says Archit, recounting how his interest in environmental issues started.Even during his boarding school days he was a part of many environmental activities. When he became a senior, Archit and his friends formed Team Environment, a green group.\"We started taking small steps like organizing awareness programmes, no paper days and screening documentaries on the environment,\" he says. On weekends, the team went to malls and distributed pamphlets.After coming home, Archit started Ecostep. \"Right now, I am the only person working. I am trying to associate with schools to hold workshops for students,\" he says.He has also written a skit titled 'The Choice is Yours'. He plans to enact it with the help of students. \"When one of the schools asked me if they could use the skit for their annual programme, I happily said yes,\" says Archit, who gives out a list of Green Pledges to people.\"The list contains simple things like switching off lights when not in use. One just has to tick the eco-friendly steps one is taking and stick them on the front door to create awareness,\" says Archit.After a year, Archit will be going back to studies but he plans to keep his Ecostep in motion through a website and Green Pledges. \"The place doesn't matter. I will keep doing my bit to save the environment.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16802438", "title": "'Support system needed for autistic children'", "text": "HYDERABAD: Once considered a low incidence disorder, autism has emerged as one of the common forms of developmental disorders now and is increasingly being diagnosed in children aged between 2 and 3 years.Speaking at a workshop on Autism Spectrum Disorders (ASD) on Saturday, experts stressed on the need to provide mainstream schooling and to improve support services for these children.\"We are lacking in many areas. Though awareness has gone up, it is not what it should be. Understanding of autism and that of the needs of people with autism is still far less. No Indian city has sufficient services,\" said Merry Barua, director, Action for Autism. According to her, there are an estimated 6.5 lakh people living with ASD in AP. \"These 6.5 lakh include individuals who are very high functioning and those who are grappling with apparent disabilities,\" said Barua, who happens to be a mother of an autistic child.According to Barua, this lifelong neurological disability that affects one in every 100 persons of whom 80% are males. The condition is characterised by impaired reciprocal social interactions, aberrant language delay and restricted behavioural repertoire. The causes behind autism are yet to be known.Most persons with autism require significant lifelong support in everyday activities. Early diagnosis, appropriate teaching methods and an accepting and supportive environment can help all children with autism to improve and lead more productive live.\"With other physical disabilities such as visually challenged individuals, the society is willing to accommodate to their needs but autistic children are asked to change and accommodate to the society's needs. As long as this mindset continues, nothing can be done,\" said Barua whose work in the field led to policy change in 2006, when autism was included in the Disability Act.Dr Vijay Lakshmi, one of the founder members of Aarambh (a special school), that had organised the talk, said that many children with autism suffer from mental retardation, which is a huge stumbling block for learning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16804668", "title": "A car sells for its design: Dilip Chhabria", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Why a person purchases a car? Why some small cars don't sell despite attractive prices and why some fuel-guzzling SUVs sell like hot cake? India's ace car designer Dilip Chhabria accounts for the phenomenon in terms of aspiration level that a car sets up for the buyer.\"The sales of cars in most of the segments in the country are dictated by design and not by its effectiveness, reliability, price, or the fuel efficiency,\" he said in his speech at Indian Institute of Technology , Gandhinagar (IIT-Gn). Chhabria told the young engineers that while planning, a designer must keep in mind the reason for which the customer has approached him. The designer should deliver in a manner that the product differentiates itself from the rest, he said.Chhabria was speaking at Amalthea, the two-day annual technical summit of the institute that started on Saturday. The summit was inaugurated by principal secretary for industries of Gujarat Maheshwar Sahu, along with IIT-Gn director Sudhir Jain.\"We are expecting over 10,000 footfalls. Last year, it was around 3,500. We are already overwhelmed with the response. We have also got some big names such as Chhabria, Tata and DRDO participating in our exhibition section,\" said Harsh Gupta, a student of IIT-Gn and member of organizing committee.The exhibition has proved to be crowd-puller as it showcases vintage cars, DC Motors' Avanti, considered to be the first supercar from India, unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) from Defense Research and Development Organization (DRDO) and more.Final day of the Amalthea will have events such as quiz competition and an automobile design competition 'Robolmilitia', which will have designers applying their technological and design skill to put together a military vehicle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16804394", "title": "Mystery persists over Bihar boy's death in Burdwan", "text": "PATNA: A 22-year-old mechanical engineering student from Patna was found dead on his hostel premises at Burdwan, West Bengal, on October 9.Debanshu Singh, who was a IIIrd year student at Camellia Institute of Engineering and Technology in Burdwan, was found hanging with the ceiling near the staircase of an under-construction college hostel building under Budbud police station area. Debanshu's friends informed his father, Avishek Singh, about the tragedy on October 10 morning. Avishek immediately informed his youngest son, Sudhanshu, studying polytechnic at Bolpur in West Bengal, to rush to Burdwan.\"Sudhanshu reached the college around 9.30am. Surprisingly, the postmortem was done without waiting for the family members to arrive. According to the postmortem report, my son had committed suicide which I don't believe,\" said the father.He added, \"Some of Debanshu's friends had taken photographs of his dead body hanging from the ceiling. The images clearly showed that his feet were touching the staircase floor and his headphones were in his ears. They also told us that there was blood stain in his ears.\"The deceased's grandmother, Urmila Devi told TOI, \"My grandson was a brilliant student. He used to come 2nd in his college. Debanshu, who studied at Gyan Niketan and Holy Mission in Patna, was popular among his friends. There is no reason why should he commit suicide. The postmortem report is absolute rubbish.\"A batchmate of Debanshu, on the condition of anonymity said, \"One month back, Debanshu and seven other batchmates had a fight with a few other college students as they protested against ragging of freshers.\"Urmila said, \"Neither the college authorities nor the police administration in West Bengal cooperated with us. The Budbud police had even refused to lodge any FIR before Rohtas SP Manu Maharaj intervened as we are native of Rohtas district.\"Two bodies recoveredThe bodies of two persons, including that of a minor girl, were recovered from two separate places under Patna City subdivision on Saturday.The body of one Raju Kumar (21) was recovered from Belwarganj in Alamganj police station area. Alamganj police station SHO B K Singh said Raju was assaulted with bricks and stones at Belwarganj and died on the spot. He said Raju had a criminal background and it seems that his associates had killed him following some dispute over sharing the booty on Friday night.The SHO said Raju had been living at a rented house at Belwarganj for the past several years with his parents and siblings. He was earlier sent to jail in connection with cases of theft, firing and bomb explosion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16803501", "title": "Inspector Gowda comes alive on Facebook", "text": "BANGALORE: If you check out the Facebook page of Inspector B Gowda, you'll get a snapshot of Bangalore's concerns about crime and safety. The man based at Neelagubbi police station is quick to answer queries from visitors and even has solutions to many problems. Like, \"The ratio for Bangalore city is 1 policeman to 1000 people. Community policing is the solution. Citizen participation is going to be key in curbing crime...\"And everybody's liking him.Inspector Borei Gowda is the central character of Anita Nair's new noir novel 'Cut Like Wound' and she explains his social network presence. \"The marketing idea came from the publisher and we decided on the look, tone and style of his page. Among all the characters I've created, Inspector Gowda is perhaps my favourite and as I was reluctant to sever ties with him. Keeping the page going seemed like a way of holding onto him. The response has been tremendous.\"\"Most visitors to the FB page think he's a real person and he's even received an interview request from a magazine,\" says Anita. Many ask him Gowda about the city's routine crimes. One comment even sympathisizes with policemen. Someone asks: 'Do you think cops should be allowed to strike as well? I would, in your place. For decent pay, reasonable work hours, training and equipment, and how about a few incorruptible bosses?'.Gowda is quite the modest friendly saviour: \"I am not sure why I am suddenly so popular... I am just a regular guy , a little messed up but otherwise just your boy next door on a Bullet: )\".Sujatha Mathai, who moved to Delhi from Bangalore long ago, wants to move back to the Garden City for its climate, but is apprehensive about the crime rate. She writes to the inspector, who tells her, \"Bangalore is not any more dangerous than any other metro. If only people would be a little more cautious before admitting strangers into their homes, many of these crimes wouldn't happen.\" Mathai writes to Gowda about the case of her former maid's sister who was murdered.Some have even asked him about Buela M Sam, the Ahmedabad woman who breached security and stayed in the ISRO guesthouse in Bangalore last month.'Cut Like Wound', a psychological thriller steeped in the lanes and bylanes of Bangalore, will be launched in Bangalore on October 20.Meanwhile, the movie version of Anita's previous novel, 'Lesson In Forgetting' is all set for a screening at the International Film Festival in Goa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16804412", "title": "Cops begin probe in Radadia case", "text": "VADODARA: Forensic experts obtained footage of the toll plaza at Bharthana village near Karjan where Congress MP from Porbandar Vitthal Radadia had brandished his firearm in the early hours on Thursday. Police have also started recording statements of employees of the toll plaza, who were present at the time of the incident.While the police had spent a better part of the day on Friday having a look at the footage from different CCTV cameras to ascertain if the person present at the toll plaza was Radadia and only then registered a FIR, actual investigations began on Saturday.Officials said that a team of forensic experts was called at the toll plaza and obtained the footage from the computer system connected to CCTV cameras.Sources said the statement of nine employees of the toll plaza were recorded in connection with the offence by police and supervisor Viren Prajapati, who was allegedly hit with the butt of the gun brandished by Radadia, was taken for medical examination. Radadia was booked under various provisions of Indian Penal Code and Arms Act after he brandished his gun at the toll plaza when the attendant there sought his original identity card. Radadia's driver had furnished a photocopy of the card, but the attendant insisted that the original must be produced. Peeved at this, Radadia allegedly got down from his car and brandished his gun. An application was initially moved in the local police station on Thursday and on Friday an offence was registered against Radadia.Deputy superintendent of police Usha Rada, who is supervising the probe, said the focus was on collecting sufficient and concrete evidence in the case. \"That is the reason why we wanted forensic experts in cybercrime to examine the footage. We want to proceed further with an arrest only after we have sufficient material on hand,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16803088", "title": "Man arrested for submitting fake documents for UK visa", "text": "CHENNAI: A 45-year-old man was arrested by the Central Crime Branch (CCB) on Friday for submitting fake documents to get a UK visa. Police have launched a hunt for his accomplice.C S Velumani of Pattukottai visited the British high commission on Friday seeking a visa. Security officials at the high commission checked his documents and found that some of them were forged.He was then handed over to the CCB. It was later found that Velumani had prepared these documents with the help of a friend, P Murugan.Based on the high commission's complaint, CCB registered a case under Sections 12 (1) (b) of Passport Act, 1967 and 468 (forgery for purpose of cheating), 471 (using as genuine a forged document), 420 (cheating) r/w 34 (acts done by several people in furtherance of common intention) of the IPC.Velumani was remanded in Puzhal prison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16795898", "title": "Sanjay Dutt gets nostalgic about dad", "text": "In Son Of Sardar, Sanjay Dutt , who is one of the pillars of the film, got emotional because of two reasons. One, his look bore close resemblance to his father Sunil Dutt's look in Mujhe Jeene Do and second, he was playing Sonakshi Sinha's older brother. Sona's a girl who had grow up in front of his eyes.\"We were contemplating what kind of look I must have in the film. Finally Ajay and I decided that I have shoulder-length hair along with a safa tied on my head, have moustache and wear pathani suits like the Punjabis. Now because of safa and red tilak perhaps I started looking like my dad who had a similar get-up in Mujhe Jeene Do, but there was no deliberate attempt to do so. Also, I am shown riding a horse, driving a jeep... these sequences in the film brought in the same feel,\" says Sanjay.\"But,\" he hastily adds, \"S on Of Sardar is not a dacoit film, it is a revenge action comedy. It is a film of today.\" He further continues, \"On the sets, Ajay and many others told me that I have started looking like Dutt saab. I got nostalgic and emotional as a lot of dad's memories came back.\" Another situation that left Sanjay teary-eyed was playing elder brother to the film's leading lady Sonakshi Sinha , whom he has known since she was a little girl. \"I have seen Sona going to school (laughs). My dad was very close to her father Shatrusaab. I was really moved particularly in the sequence where she is seen wearing bridalwear,\" says Sanjay, who is upbeat about the film. \"I agreed to do it because of the script and of course, Ajay. I can never say no to him. He always has something nice to offer me,\" he says.Son Of Sardar releases this Diwali, November 13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "16805040", "title": "China detains man for posting Bo Xilai information online", "text": "BEIJING: A Chinese netizen has been detained for seven days for posting information online contradicting the official explanation about former Chongqing city police chief Wang Lijun's whereabouts after he had left the US consulate, where he had taken shelter in Chengdu in February.The information revealed that Wang was flown to Beijing after taking shelter to assist official investigation that eventually led to his boss Bo Xilai's ouster for the Communist Party . Officials had claimed that Wang had left for a vacation for therapeutic treatments after leaving the US consulate.The leaked information has first time revealed that Wang had been taken into custody long before it was publicly known. The Chinese government was desperately trying to hide Wang's move to defect as it had come as a huge embarrassment for it. It had put out a story about Wang's treatment to deflect attention. The online posting of the netizen indentified as Mao \"exposed this ruse'', reported Chengdu Daily.It reported that Mao \"leaked national security work secrets on purpose''. He signed official papers accepting the punishment on Friday afternoon and was led away by national security personnel, it said.Reports said the leaked information includes the social security numbers of Wang and a national security officer as well as flight information apparently gleaned from their travel documents. The paper said the information was supplied by an airline employee, who passed it on to Mao, who works for a hotel.The government is extremely cautious about leakage of information concerning the scandal fearing that it might affect the Communist Party's once-in-a-decade leadership change slated for November 8.Mao's detention reveals government's determination to punish hyper active members of \"human flesh search engine\" network exposing misdeeds of officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16803946", "title": "6 doctors booked for foetal death", "text": "NAGPUR: Six doctors of Matru Sewa Sangh's Sutika Gruha at Mahal were booked for death due to negligence following a foetal death on Saturday morning.The aggrieved couple, Harish and Ranjana Nimwale, lost their first child due to intra-uterine complications. Ranjana was suffering from a deficiency of amniotic fluid - as indicated by the sonography conducted a day earlier - but the doctors did not find it as a reason to be alarmed.The Kotwali police on Saturday booked Dr Chhaya Chourasia, Dr Razia Parekh, Dr Pallavi, Dr Vidya Navhate, Dr Kavita Jaiswal and Dr Pragati Khalatkar of the Matru Sewa Sangh's Sutika Gruha in a foetal death.Harish told TOI that he took Ranjana, who was nine-month pregnant, to Dr Nalini Vinjurkar, a private consultant, on Friday morning as they could not feel any foetal movement.Ranjana then went for a sonography and got admitted to the Sutika Gruha. The doctors had given the couple an earlier date for delivery. The Nimwales said that the mother and foetus's health was checked by Dr Parekh and Dr Jaiswal after admission, but neither of them cautioned them about the impending crisis.\"We were told by the doctors at the Sutika Gruh that baby was doing fine. We had no problem with caesarean delivery and our family had already made this clear to the doctors,\" said Harish, who is a sales executive with a cellphone company. \"My wife first panicked at 2.30 am after she noticed something amiss with the baby's heartbeat. I rushed to the hospital. Only one doctor was on duty, who seemed least bothered about my wife and the baby's health. This lead to an unavoidable delay in examining them till 7 am,\" said Harish.\"Even though the Doppler failed to trace heart beat in the foetus at night, we were told that the machine had developed a technical snag. The doctors conducted a sonography at 8 am and informed us that the baby had already died in the mother's womb,\" said Harish. He also claimed that Dr Chourasia took long to reach the hospital. even after giving an assurance to arrive at a short notice.Dr Chourasia, however, told TOI that said that Ranjana was administered amino drip as she was suffering from a deficiency of amniotic fluid. \"No one from the family told us to conduct caesarean delivery; else we would have taken it into consideration. The doctors wanted to induce labour on the following day, but the sudden stoppage of heart beat dashed our plans. We had taken due care and were constantly monitoring the health of the mother and foetus,\" said the veteran doctor.\"The doctors were monitoring the heart beat with a stethoscope as the Doppler was not functioning. We operated in the morning to take out the foetus, but the sonography had already established that it had died,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16803360", "title": "30 more dengue cases in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: The capital reported 30 fresh cases of dengue on Saturday, taking the total number of cases to 393 for the season. Of the 30 cases, 10 were reported from South Delhi Municipal Corporation while the others were reported from areas that fall under the North and East corporations.\"There has been no death due to dengue in the last one week. A nine-year-old girl from Sangam Vihar in south Delhi who was confirmed positive for dengue died last month while being treated at AIIMS,\" the official said.Claiming that October is the peak season for dengue, doctors say people must take extra precautions to ensure that mosquito breeding doesn't take place in their surroundings. One should use mosquito repellants, not allow stagnation of water in his surroundings and consult a doctor if symptoms like high fever, headache and bleeding from the natural orifices is observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16802869", "title": "'Corporations, cops defying HC order on rickshaws'", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two years after the Delhi high court passed an order declaring impounding of cycle rickshaws and harassing their owners and pullers as illegal, an NGO has alleged that the Delhi Police and the corporations are not following the court's order and continue to harass the rickshaw pullers.NGO Manushi has moved court alleging that despite the HC's order, the authorities are illegally impounding the rickshaws and are devising new ways of fleecing them. During the hearing on Thursday, NGO Manushi founder Madhu Kishwar said the authorities continued confiscating rickshaws and blackmailed their owners in order to get money from them.The HC had ordered on February 10, 2010 that there could be no curb on the number of licences issued to cycle-rickshaw pullers as it would be against their right to earn livelihood. The HC had declared as illegal impounding of rickshaws by the police and municipal authorities.After Manushi brought the violation of the order to the court's notice, the HC set up a legal mechanism to look into the alleged illegal activities of the erstwhile MCD by establishing a court presided over by retired additional district judge Bharat Bhushan, designated as an inquiry officer.During her cross-examination, Kishwar elaborated all the instances of contempt of court's directions by the corporations and Delhi Police. Kishwar also alleged that the authorities were trying to brow beat all the persons, who tried to file a complaint against the authorities.The NGO also submitted the bogus parking receipts that the corporations issued to the rickshaw pullers in the name of licences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16805110", "title": "Chennai fliers may be spared extra fee", "text": "CHENNAI: Passengers who fly out of the city may be spared an extra burden as the ministry of civil aviation has asked the Airports Authority of India (AAI) not to collect airport development fee from passengers at Chennai airport. In Mumbai and Delhi airports, passengers pay airport development fee and user development fee.Though the move will be beneficial for passengers, the cash-strapped AAI will now have to bank only on user development fee to recover the capital expenses incurred to develop and modernise the airport. The ministry directed that Chennai and Kolkata airports being in public sector , they should be excluded from additional fees.AAI had suggested to the Airports Economic Regulatory Authority (AERA) to approve 300 for domestic and 1,000 for international passengers as airport development fee at Chennai airport. \"When the project was in progress we had requested for approval to levy airport development fee. Now, we are not keen about it because we are asking for user development fee (UDF) which will be adequate to recover the costs of the project,\" said AAI chairman V P Agrawal. He said Chennai airport will be cheaper for passengers when compared to airports in other metros even after UDF is levied.Air Passengers Association of India ( APAI) national president D Sudhakara Reddy said that the move is good for Chennai passengers . There was concern that flying out of Chennai airport would be expensive after it was modernised. The public sector airport operator has submitted a proposal to levy a user development fee of 165 for domestic and 667 for international passengers from January next year to recover 2,862.71 crore spent to build two new terminals, extend the secondary runway, build a bridge across the Adyar river , re-carpet the secondary runway, reconstruct of taxi ways and upgrade cargo facilities .AERA is looking at the user development fee request and is gathering feedback from airlines, passengers and other stakeholders. The passengers association wants this, too, to be avoided.\"We have also requested AERA not to approve UDF, and if they have to impose it after a few years the charges should be minimal because the airport is developed using public money. The project cost is not high when compared to private airports in Delhi, Mumbai, Bangalore and Hyderabad. Private operators wanted UDF because they had to borrow heavily to fund development of the airports ,\" said Sudhakara Reddy .Meanwhile, the AAI is hopeful that AERA will approve its request for UDF. \"AERA is studying our proposals , user development fee will have to be charged,\" said airport director H S Suresh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "bengaluru", "code": "16807537", "title": "Several Asian Tour winners in Indian Open field", "text": "BENGALURU: No fewer than 40 Asian Tour winners, including hometown heroes Anirban Lahiri and C Muniyappa, will feature in a star-studded field for the USD 1.25 million Hero Indian Open scheduled here next week.Title holder David Gleeson of Australia will lead the elite cast at the Karnataka Golf Association course from October 18-21.Eleven players from the top-20 of the current Asian Tour's Order of Merit will tee up in India's flagship championship which is being played in the city of Bengaluru for the first time in its history.Muniyappa, winner of the Hero Indian Open in 2009, will be hoping to return with a vengeance after being sidelined by a lengthy back injury. He hails from Bengaluru and was a forecaddie at the KGA course during his childhood.Lahiri, winner of the SAIL-SBI Open on home soil earlier this season, will also be looking to thrill his hometown fans despite some recent inconsistent form which has seen him miss the cut in two of his last three tournaments.He will be hoping to bounce back from a missed cut showing in Macau when he tees up at the KGA course. Like many Indians, Lahiri treats the event as his fifth Major.\"Bengaluru is my hometown and it'll be nice if I do really well there. Again, I've got to keep pushing myself and move in the right direction from where I am today. Hopefully, I can do that,\" said Lahiri.The Hero Indian Open will also feature former champion Jyoti Randhawa of India while other notable names include Thailand's Chapchai Nirat, who holds the world scoring record for 72-holes of 32-under-par 256 set in India in 2009.Thaworn Wiratchant of Thailand , fourth on the Order of Merit and the 2005 Hero Indian Open winner, will be one of the favourites next week where he will aim for a record 15th career title in Bengaluru.This season's winners -- Digvijay Singh and Gaganjeet Bhullar of India, Australian Scott Hend and Singaporean Mardan Mamat -- will also eye their second wins of the year in a field which will feature players from no fewer than 24 nationalities.The Hero Indian Open has also attracted three invited players from the European Tour, Ryder Cup star Peter Hanson of Sweden, Scotland's Richie Ramsay and England's James Morrison.Gleeson, one of Australia's top performers in Asia where he has won three times, has endured a relatively quiet season in 2012. But he is looking forward to his defence of the Hero Indian Open title after signing off from the Venetian Macau Open with a seven-under-par 64.\"Whenever you go back to a tournament which you've won before, there's always a good vibe and feeling. I heard the golf course is good and I'm going to a new city and that's always good fun,\" he said.Among the young guns to watch out for next week include Filipino Miguel Tabuena, Thailand's Thitiphun Chuayprakong, who was in contention at the Venetian Macau Open, and Arnond Vongvanij, England's James Byrne and Vietnam's Michael Tran.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "yeongam", "code": "16809393", "title": "Nico Hulkenberg gets 8 points for Force India", "text": "YEONGAM: Nico Hulkenberg earned eight points for Sahara Force India with a sixth place finish while Paul Di Resta finished 12th in the Korean Grand Prix on Sunday.The result helped Force India reduce the gap with close rival and sixth-placed Sauber to 27 points as none of the Swiss team's driver finished inside top-10.Sergio Perez was 11th while Kamuyi Kobayasahi retired after an accident.With four races to go and home Grand Prix next in India, Force India would look to continue the good show at home.\"That race was a lot of fun and it's great to get such a mega result. It wasn't easy though, and for most of the race I had the Lotus of Romain [Grosjean] pushing me and some great battles,\" Hulkenberg said.\"I think the best moment of the race was the fight with Lewis (Hamilton) and Romain in the final stint when I got ahead of both of them in turn four. They both went to the inside so I just saw the opportunity to use the outside line and made the move work. That certainly put a big smile on my face. So a very positive day, an amazing job by the whole team and lots of positives to take as we head to India for our home race,\" he said.Paul di Resta, who finished outside the points brackets for the second consecutive race, said the tyre strategy did not work for him.\"We expected the supersoft to be a better race tyre and so we saved it for the second stint. As it happened, the soft tyres did not last long enough at the start of the race and when I switched to the supersofts they started graining straight away. So we were not on the ideal strategy and that impacted the whole race,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16810539", "title": "Indian football team arrives in Singapore to play international friendly", "text": "MUMBAI: The 20-member squad of the Indian senior national football team arrived in Singapore on Saturday to play the international friendly against Singapore. The match is slated to be played at the Choa Chu Kang Stadium.The Indian team arrived in three batches, from Kolkata, New Delhi and Mumbai. Wim Koevermans arrived with most of the Kolkata-based players in the morning, while assistant coach Savio Medeira arrived late evening from Mumbai along with most of the Goa-based players.Meanwhile, Sunil Chhetri, who took a morning flight from New Delhi landed around 5pm. \"It will be a tough challenge for us,\" Chhetri said. \"They will be playing on their home turf and stay a good side. We come directly from the Nehru Cup triumph and its natural, expectations back home, are running high,\" he added.\"We have been doing duty for our respective clubs since the Federation Cup but playing for the National team stays a different feeling. It feels great to see all my teammates together and to be a part of a mission,\" defender Gouramangi Singh said.Goalkeeper Subrata Pal lauded the initiative of playing an \"International friendly on a FIFA date.\" \"On October 16, almost all the top countries of the World would be playing in various international friendlies. It feels great that we also stay in that list. It's a known fact that unless we play regularly on FIFA dates, we won't be able to improve our rankings,\" he opined.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "16804472", "title": "Electronic gadgets to ensure transparency in ration shops", "text": "DHARWAD: The ministry of food and civil supplies will initiate steps to streamline distribution of essential commodities under PDS by using electronic device to avert cheating in weights and measures. Electronic gadgets will be used to ensure that the quantity of essential goods supplied to the card holders under the Public Distribution System (PDS) is correct.Minister for food and civil supplies DN Jeevaraj told STOI here that following complaints received from consumers all over the state about malpractices in the distribution of essential goods and tampering in weights and measure, the government has decided to install electronic weighing-cum-point of sale machines with biometric capability at all the ration shops in the state.Already such machines have been installed on experimental basis at Bangalore and Tumkur. He says the new equipment would help monitor the entire process of procuring the goods from godown and distribution to the card holder. The weighing machine will have a touch screen and voice information system. The scale opens only when ration card holders give their thumb impression and enter their ration card number. It displays the details of the commodities being weighed. Any member of a family whose name figures in the ration card could give their thumb impression.The machine at the time of payment will inform the customer the actual weight and measure through electronic voice.To avoid inordinate delay and uncertainty in distribution of essential goods to the card holders, the government has directed the officials to lift rice, wheat, sugar and kerosene from godowns before the 10th of every month and distribute them to card holders.Stringent action would be initiated against the officials failing to follow this instruction, the minister said.To ensure that the material is lifted within the prescribed time frame, the government has decided to use SMS (short message service). Once the essential commodities are lifted from the godown, SMS would be circulated to the local elected representatives.Taking a serious note of the complaint from Dharwad MP Prahlad Joshi that agents were duping the beneficiaries by charging Rs 300 to get the ration card from the department, minister Jeevaraj warned that the government will suspend the officials who are creating problems to the beneficiaries or accepting bribe to provide ration card.\"The first priority of the government is to distribute ration card to the people. Hence, the officials should work tirelessly to meet the aspirations of the people. Nearly, 1.33 lakh beneficiaries in the district are yet to get ration card and the officials should complete the printing process and distribute it to them within next 10 days\", he said.The government will soon display the name and photo identity of the BPL card holder in front of fair price shops and this project will be launched soon, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16804506", "title": "Eight held for gambling", "text": "HUBLI: The district police nabbed eight gamblers at two different locations on Friday and seized Rs 47,460 from them along with six cell phones and two motor bikes. In the first incident, Malebennur police arrested four persons in the forest area of Komaranahalli in Harihar taluk and seized four cell phones along with bet money of Rs 38,000 from them. In the second incident, Harapanahalli taluk police nabbed four gamblers in the Kanivihalli forest area and seized Rs 9,460 bet money along with two cell phones and two motorbikes.Two separate cases were booked at the respective police stations and vigil has been intensified to keep a tab on the gambling, the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16810364", "title": "Exams reforms panel recommends more use of online systems", "text": "MUMBAI: An examination reforms committee set up by the state government has recommended making of the examination process for higher education online.\"The process from admission to the issuing of degrees should be made online under-graduate and post-graduate students,\" committee's secretary and Director (Examinations), Mumbai University Subhash Deo said.The report, which was made available online in public domain for feedback, was submitted to Chief Secretary Jayanth Kumar Banthia yesterday.Headed by state IT secretary Rajesh Aggarwal, the committee has also recommended a pilot project for starting technology-based examination in the universities.\"A pilot project should be done in one faculty to start with,\" he said.\"With the introduction of information technology, greater efficiency can be added by automating some of the activities which are conducted manually. The envisioned system should also aid in timely decision making and disseminating of information to the students, colleges and other agencies,\" the report says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16805051", "title": "Govt seeks report on high Mantralaya revamp bids", "text": "MUMBAI: The insistence of the government to complete the Mantralaya makeover within eight months might have pushed up the project cost, said sources. A day after bids for a major component of the project were opened, the state on Saturday sought a report on the reasons behind the high figures quoted by the bidders.While the cost of the entire project has been estimated at Rs 110 crore, the lowest bidder \u2014Unity Infraprojects\u2014has quoted a price of Rs 163 crore for one component of the revamp.The state had imposed a condition that a delay beyond eight months would attract a penalty of Rs 5 lakh a day. Restrictions imposed on work during day hours also appeared to have influenced the bids.On Saturday, the PWD asked architect and consultant Raja Aederi to submit a report by Monday. Kishore Avarsekar, CMD of Unity Infraprojects , said the penalty clause and conditions imposed on work during peak hours for work influenced their bid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16804362", "title": "Now, watch dolphins at play in Ganga", "text": "PATNA: Enjoy this Dussehra holiday amid playful dolphins. To give the rare experience of watching the most human-friendly fish playing in the river to Patnaites, Bihar State Tourism Development Corporation (BSTDC) has started a 'Dolphin watching tour-Ganga river' from Sunday.Bihar tourism minister Sunil Kumar 'Pintu', while inaugurating the 'Dolphin watching tour' package on Saturday, said, \"This will be a wonderful gift for Patnaites from the tourism department. They can watch dolphin along with a tour of the Ganga in their own city. This can be a new hangout spot for people here.\" After Uttarakhand , Bihar has the largest number of dolphins in the country. In a stretch of around 500km, there are over 800 dolphins.After enjoying the sight of dolphins on the occasion, the minister sharing his experience told TOI, \"I myself saw more than 10 dolphins today at different spots.\" Dolphins need air to breathe, and hence come out of water, on an average, every three minutes.By paying Rs 75, anyone can undertake the tour in a country boat arranged by BSTDC, which will cover the stretches of Ganga river from Gandhi Ghat to Khajekalan ghat and confluence of Ganga and Gandak river and back to Gandhi Ghat. One can also hire the whole boat or can go in a group of 10 to 15 by spending Rs 750. To run the boat, at least 10 people are required at a time.This package can be enjoyed only on Saturday and Sunday as the boat would start at 7am and 3pm. The tour would be of two hours, and conducted every year from October to June.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "16805137", "title": "'Condition of teen activist satisfactory'", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan's teenage rights activist Malala Yousufzai, who was shot in the head by the Taliban , was still on ventilator at a top army hospital, though her condition was satisfactory and her vital organs were \"intact and working properly\", the military said on Saturday.The condition of 14-year-old Malala, who is in the Armed Forces Institute of Cardiology in Rawalpindi, continues to be satisfactory, a military spokesman said.She is still on ventilator in the intensive care unit but her vital organs are \"intact and working properly,\" he said.A board of doctors is continuously monitoring her condition.A special medical team, comprising specialists from abroad and civilian hospitals and senior doctors of the Pakistan army, is also keeping a vigil on Malala's health round the clock, the spokesman said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "16804737", "title": "Entrepreneurs bloom in Ahmedabad", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Gujarat's biggest urban conglomerate Ahmedabad - which registered an annual growth rate of 3.45 per cent in the last decade (2001-2011) in its urban population, higher than any other major metropolitan centre of India except Surat (5.01) and Bengaluru (4.07) - is witnessing a major demographic change. An International Labour Organisation (ILO) study, released in June 2012, has found that the city has seen an unprecedented rise in its self-employed population compared to salaried and casual workers, especially in the second half of the 2000s.Done by Prof Darshini Mahadevia of Cept University, Ahmedabad, for ILO's Regional Office for Asia and the Pacific, and titled \"Decent Work in Ahmedabad: An Integrated Approach\", the study suggests that a much bigger self-employed population of the city will participate in forthcoming Gujarat state assembly polls than ever. The proportion of self-employed in Ahmedabad city in the total employed population of Gujarat has increased from 36.9 per cent in 2004-05 to 52.9 per cent in 2009-10.During the same period, the proportion of regular employed went down from 48.5 per cent to 36.6 per cent and the proportion of casual workers from 14.6 per cent to 10.5 per cent.In Ahmedabad's total population of 63.5 lakh, the work rate participation is 36 per cent - which economists adopt as the yardstick to find out the proportion of working population in total. The data have been mainly culled out of National Sample Survey (NSS) studies, carried out periodically to ascertain demographic changes.Giving reason for increase in self-employment, study says, \"It seems attributable to the shifting of manufacturing activities to self-employed workers in the 2004-05 to 2009-10 period.\" It adds, \"Self-employment in manufacturing means outsourcing of the manufacturing work, most of which can be done at the household level, especially because the low-income population does not have access to any workspace outside the home.\"During the same period, manufacturing employment may have experienced an upward trend, but the proportion of regular male workers in the sector declined, from 70.8 per cent in 2004-05 to 44.7 per cent in 2009-10.This did not lead to rise in casual labour, either. Instead, in the manufacturing sector , self-employment increased, from 23.6 per cent in 2004-05 to 48.4 per cent in 2009-10, suggesting \"a doubling of the share of self-employed men.\" A similar trend is observed among female workers.When contacted, Prof Mahadevia said, \"Our field visits suggest there are two major reasons for this. Regular and casual workers get a very low wage compared to most of India, hence they prefer to shift to self-employment. This is advantageous to the entrepreneurs, as they do not have to make high-end investment. Instead, they seek to outsource their activities. This also ensures that they do not have to pay for the social security of workers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "johannesburg", "code": "16809228", "title": "CSK vs SS: Sydney Sixers beat Chennai Super Kings by 14 runs in CLT20", "text": "JOHANNESBURG: Sydney Sixers relied on a superb all-round show from Moises Henriques and a couple of stunning catches as they thumped Chennai Super Kings by 14 runs in their opening Champions League Twenty20 match on Sunday.ScorecardHenriques smashed five fours and three sixes towards the close of Sydney Sixers' innings for his 23-ball unbeaten 49 to take his side to 185 for five after being sent into bat in the Group B match. He later took three wickets for 23 in his three overs to play the leading role in his side's victory.Chasing the big target, Chennai were on course till the 16th over as they needed 50 runs from the last four overs before the Sydney side affected two stunning catches to end their innings at 171 for nine at the New Wanderers Stadium.Suresh Raina, who top-scored with an impressive 33-ball 57 which included eight fours and two sixes, fell in the 17th over to a stunning catch by Steven Smith who held onto a high ball just inches before the boundary ropes.Captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni was out two balls later as his pull shot was held by Josh Hazlewood who dived forward to take a superb catch.Chennai had two substantial partnership in their run chase -- 61 for the second wicket between Faf du Plessis (43) and Michael Hussey (16) and then the 55-run stand for the fourth wicket between Raina and Subramaniam Badrinath (6).They began slowly in their run chase and they were dealt with a blow as Murali Vijay was out for just one in the second over as his stump flew cartwheeling while trying to hit a swinging full delivery without moving his feet.At three for one, Chennai had to settle down for a while but they did not take much time to launch their attack with du Plessis and Hussey finding the boundaries to keep the asking rate under control.Du Plessis punished Mitchel Starc with a six in the fourth over while Hussey also found a boundary as Chennai took 12 runs from that over.Du Plessis then smashed three fours off Pat Cummins in the next over which yielded 13 runs before launching Hazlewood for a six and a then a four in the seventh over.It was an even contest till then, but Chennai lost two quick wickets in successive overs with du Plessis and Hussey departing in quick succession in the eighth and ninth overs respectively.Du Plessis walked down the wicket to hit a Cummins delivery out of the park only to miscue and land at Mitchell Starc's hands at long-on, thereby ending the second wicket stand of 61 runs from 6.3 overs. Du Plessis hit five fours and two sixes from 25 balls in his 43.Hussey was out in the last ball of the ninth over as his slog-sweep off Steve O'Keefe landed straight at Michael Lumb's hands.Chennai were 73 for three at the halfway mark with the asking rate climbing to 11 and a half per over and new man in Raina had to press the accelerator straightaway.Raina hit a six and four from an over off O'Keefe and Henriques while also smashing two boundaries off Shane Watson. Raina was so dominant that his partner Badrinath could just contribute six runs in the four-wicket stand of 55 from 5.2 overs before the latter was out.Chennai needed 61 runs from the last five overs and 50 from the last four but the dismissals of Raina and Dhoni, who scored just eight from as many balls ended their hopes.Ravindra Jadeja (2) could not do much as he was out in the penultimate over while Ravichandran Ashwin (18) and Yo Mahesh were out in the final over.Besides Henriques (3/23), Mitchell Starc grabbed three wickets for 31 runs while Watson, Pat Cummins and Steve O'Keefe took a wicket each.Earlier, Henriques, who came at the 14th over as number six batsman, produced a stunning late onslaught of fours and sixes as Sydney Sixers posted a big total of 185 for five after being sent into bat. His onslaught took the Sixers from 124 for four at the end of 16th over to 185 for five.He was joined in the exhibition of strokeplay for a brief period by Smith (26 off 17) balls. The duo shared 75 runs for the fifth wicket from just 6.3 overs.World Twenty20 man-of-the-tournament Watson was instrumental in a solid start for the Sixers with a 30-ball 46 which included five fours and two sixes as he and Michael Lumb (18) were involved in a quick 50-run stand in 6.1 overs for the opening wicket.But, run rate slowed down once Watson was out in the ninth over and the Sixers were 82 for six at halfway mark. The Sixers were then jolted by a double dismissal -- of captain Brad Haddin (20) and Nic Maddinson (12) -- in the 14th over before Henriques' stunning show saved them.The onslaught began in the 17th over with Henriques and Smith hitting a four each off du Plessis as Sixers took 13 runs from that over.The next over also yielded 13 runs with Henriques clobbering a four and a six off Ravichandran Ashwin. But, the highlight of the innings was in the penultimate over when Doug Bollinger was plundered for 22 runs.Henriques hit Bollinger for two sixes and a four while Smith also joined in with a boundary.Smith was out in the last ball of the innings off Hilfenhaus who conceded 13 runs for the wicket in that over.Off-spinner Aswin was the pick of Chennai Super Kings bowlers with figures of two for 32 while Ravindra Jadeja and Hilfenhaus chipped in with a wicket each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16804961", "title": "Met: Kit up for an early winter", "text": "LUDHIANA: Your cozy woollens may soon see the light as the meteorological department has predicted an early onset of winter this year. During the past few days, night temperatures have been below normal, making the experts believe that the cold season, which generally begins by mid-November, may be arriving sooner.An assistant agrometeorologist at Punjab Agricultural University, K K Gill, said, \"The night temperature during last week has been less than the normal 20 degrees C mark. It has been hovering near 17-18 degrees C. If minimum temperature is below normal for this part of the year, it is an indication of early arrival of winter. However, the day temperature continues to be normal and is being recorded at 33 degrees C.\"She added that levels of humidity during morning and evening were also normal.The thought of lazing under the warm winter sun has many excited. Model Town resident Reena Soni, a homemaker, said, \"Nights are already cooler than usual and there is a nip in the air. Winter around second week of November sounds good. Soon, we'll bask under the sun and savour cozy moments.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16804840", "title": "Peon suspended over molestation charge", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 27-year old peon-cum-caretaker at Tulip School in Bopal who was named by a five-year old girl for molestation, was suspended by the school authorities on Saturday. Deepak Thakor, the accused, is in Bopal police custody.On Friday, parents of a five-year old girl approached the school authorities and complained about Thakor, who works as peon in the school for the past seven years and also is a caretaker in the school bus for the smaller children. As per their complaint, the girl had earlier reported of his misbehaviour but did not know his name. On Friday, the girl pointed at Thakor as the person who was harassing her. On the basis of that, Thakor was apprehended by Bopal police.\"Thakor has mentioned in his statement that he is innocent and is wrongly named. He has stated that he has worked with hundreds of children and has treated them with utmost sincerity. We have approached other parents to know whether Thakor was involved in such activities in the past,\" said a Bopal police official.Yogesh Shridhar, trustee of the school, told TOI that Thakor has been suspended after the case. \"The decision was taken collectively by the management and teaching authorities,\" he said. The school has often been caught in the eye of a storm with issues related to fees and lack of facilities. Recently, the school was in news for not observing a holiday on October 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16805097", "title": "Doctors to learn surgery hands on", "text": "MUMBAI: An operation theatre will no more be the place where a doctor performs a surgery for the first time. Civicrun Nair Hospital has become the first public hospital to have a clinical skills laboratory, where medical students will be able to practise surgery moves on cadavers before trying them on patients.Clinical skills labs are still uncommon in the West, let alone India. According to doctors, medical students get the feel of human tissues for the first time only when they operate upon a patient, before that they are only allowed to watch the surgery or assist the surgeon.Dr Amresh Baliarsing, head of plastic surgery department at Nair Hospital, under whom the lab is to be managed, said the lab will have a deep freezing system attached, wherein legalized cadaveric bodies will be preserved. \"These bodies will be kept at -24 degrees Celsius, so that they can be preserved. Otherwise, the bodies are injected with formalin, because of which they become hard. But, in this case, the body tissues will remain soft and students will get the exact feel of a live surgery\u2014only without blood.\"The laboratory\u2014funded by Gulabchand Foundation, a charitable trust\u2014 was inaugurated on Saturday. The lab is complete with an operation table , microscopes and lights with an in-built camera, which will transmit the surgery to students outside the lab too. \"We held the first demonstration today. By December, we will start holding workshops, which will benefit students even outside our college,\" said Dr Uday Bhat, associate professor of plastic surgery.The bodies will be procured in a legalized way, said Dr Bhat. \"Many bodies are donated , but several are not claimed for over a month. With permission , we can use these unclaimed bodies, which we will dispose of or return to the state.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16807364", "title": "Astro bouquets", "text": "Whether it's the silent Taurus, loyal Virgo, witty Gemini or the fiercely-protective Leo... Purvaja Sawant finds out what specific flowers work for each zodiac sign, with the help of floral astrology.Next time you take a trip to the florist, to surprise your mother on her birthday or wife on your anniversary, drop the idea of choosing conventional roses for the bouquet. Instead, look for some cosmic inspiration and gift them flowers especially suited to their zodiac signs!Known as floral astrology, this unique concept is gaining momentum in India, as it's a trend designed for zodiac junkies, who passionately believe in and practise astrology. Says Parul Gupta, head faculty, Ferns N Petals design school, \"Researchers have proved that specific flowers are appealing to those who belong to a certain zodiac sign. The significance of a flower and the trait of a zodiac sign amalgamate in floral astrology.\" Orchids, anthuriums, lilies, chrysanthemums \u2014 the list of blooms to choose from is endless!Aries (March 21 - April 20)This fire sign is open to new ideas in every sphere of life. They're adventurous, energetic, pioneering, courageous and dynamic. The flower that's passionate, dazzling and full of energy like Aries is the red rose. It will appeal to this zodiac's love for bold gestures and appreciation for the unexpected.Taurus (April 21 - May 21)Taureans are keen-witted, practical and stable by nature. Since they love leading a life full of indulgence and lavishness, gift them lilies, for their sweet scent and colourful personality. The lily's dramatic form and fragrance will indulge their romantic side!Gemini (May 22 - June 22)Best described as fickle-minded, Geminis love constant change, whether it's their clothes, jobs or residences. Thanks to their excellent communication skills, they are everyone's favourite. Since they are able to convey a wide range of sentiments, roses are a perfect match for them.Cancer (June 23 - July 22)Though they are prone to mood swings, they have the ability to nurture feelings and emotions in others, which is also one of their greatest strengths. If you want to appeal to a Cancerian's soft, sensitive side, gift them any of the three \u2014 white lilies, white gerbera or white roses.Leo (July 23 - August 23)Stylish, charming and in love with their pride and ego, Leos hate boredom and fiercely protect what they believe to be theirs. They desire to be loved and complimented by others. Nothing suits them like the gladiolus (sword lily). These flowers come in an array of vibrant colours, which the Leo will love.Virgo (August 24 - September 23)They are known for being loyal, reliable, helpful and are full of practical suggestions. Striking blue flowers like orchids, gerbera, chrysanthemum and aster would bring Virgos a lot of luck.Libra (September 24 - October 23)Librans are most delightful, when their mind is in a balanced state. When they laugh, they brighten up even the dullest of surroundings. This well-balanced nature of Librans finds perfection in the fragrance of the rose. You can also keep them balanced by giving them a lucky bamboo plant!Scorpio (October 24 - November 22) Scorpios have a lingering charm about them, but are very secretive by nature. So to impress this zodiac sign can be very hard.They rarely show appreciation. Present them with richlycoloured chrysanthemums, as their exotic splendour will definitely make an impression! A bouquet of oriental lilies or anthuriums will also make them smile.Sagittarius (November 23 - December 21)People who fall under this sign are optimistic, so they have a naive belief that everything will turn out fine, despite obstacles. They tend to be generous and are willing to share. Since carnations are known for their long-lasting nature, they personify a Sagittarian's endurance and are ideal for them.Capricorn (December 22 - January 20)Capricorns rarely seek limelight; rather they are the audience that admires others. Surrounded by an air of melancholy and seriousness, they have a soothing voice, pleasant appearance and a convincing personality. Gift them red carnations \u2014 they are bright, cheery and tough. Also, this flower is associated with a myriad of symbolism \u2014 from love to fascination, distinction to luck.Aquarius (January 21 - February 18)This sign may be kind, softspoken and peace-loving, but it doesn't mean that they won't shy away from breaking norms and conventions, every once in a while. Orchids and birds of paradise are graceful flowers, which have an artful form and perfectly complement Aquarian's spiritual and intuitive nature.Pisces (February 19 - March 20)A lover of all naturally-beautiful things, they possess a magnetic personality and have the desire to help others, which results in them spending all their vital forces. They give away more than they receive. To convey your admiration for this sign, gift them alstroemeria (Peruvian lily). With their delicate blossoms, this flower is the right mixture of beauty and magnificence, just like a Piscean.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16804321", "title": "Gandhian ethos help Wardha doctor get award", "text": "NAGPUR: Persistence, patience and passion to work for patients are some qualities acquired by Dr Pratibha Narang from her mentor and guide Dr Sushila Nayar. These very qualities have also helped her reach out to the community at large in a Gandhian way for past 40 years.Also for these very qualities, the Indian Medical Association (IMA), Nagpur, bestowed her with the prestigious late Dr VN Wankar lifetime achievement award on Saturday. Dr Narang, the secretary of Kasturba Health Society (KHS) in Sewagram and the director professor of microbiology in the Mahatma Gandhi Institute of Medical Sciences (MGIMS) got the award for exemplary work at community level in Wardha district for patients of tuberculosis.Being a microbiologist she was never expected to be field worker - either as a doctor or a social worker. But being a true Gandhian she took to field more than even the practicing doctors. Yet a humble Narang gives the credit of her work to her team which she says worked door-to-door collecting sputum samples of patients from village to village. \"I couldn't have done this alone. No one could do it,\" she said.Dr Narang came to Sewagram way back in 1973 when there was just one rickshaw and one tonga as public transport. But that then the inspiration from Dr Nayar, the person behind the then Kasturba Hospital and later the union health minister couldn't restrict her to her lab. She took over various projects on tuberculosis and worked at community level and continues to do so even now.\"We conducted the first ever field trial of Rifampacin, the only drug for TB then. We were the first ones to prescribe the biweekly regimen for patients then. WHO has changed it to thrice a week now,\" she said speaking to TOI.She has conducted various tuberculosis treatment and control programmes in Wardha and research projects in country with support from Indian Council of Medical Research. Her team also conducted sputum and miniature radiography tests on around 55,000 individuals to filter out the actual patients and suspected cases in the latest study completed few months ago. The study found 30% positive people.Known for her work on non-tuberculous mycobacteria in HIV/AIDS patients and child patients with TB of lymph nodes Dr Narang has worked in detecting TB in children from 0-9 years of age in Nagpur, Ratnagiri and Thane and some parts of Rajasthan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16804692", "title": "Religious discourse at city temples", "text": "MYSORE: Dharmika Dasara sub-committee will organize religious discourse at prominent temples here at 4pm from October 16 to 23. The programme will be inaugurated at Kote Anjaneya Temple at the north gate of Mysore Palace at 4pm on October 16.Several religious talks have been organized at the following temples: Srikanteshwara Temple, Nanjangud (Oct 17), Gunjal Narasimhaswamy Temple, T Narasipura (Oct 18), Arkeshwara Temple, KR Nagar (Oct 19), Manjunatha Swamy Temple, Hunsur (Oct 20), Periyapatna Temple, Periyapatna (Oct 21), Varadaswamy Temple, HD Kote (Oct 22). The valedictory will be held at St Philomena's Church or at any mosque at 4pm on October 23, said a release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16802591", "title": "With China's rise, Mumbai says \u2018Ni Hao' to Mandarin", "text": "MUMBAI: Till a few years ago, it was said, you could talk to just about anyone in the world if you knew English, Spanish and French. The dramatic rise of China has seen Mandarin, slowly but surely, enter this universal league of languages. The growing economic and cultural clout of the Chinese has prompted many schools in the city to offer Mandarin, some from as early as primary years.Three-year-old Raina Kothari of Malabar Hill, who attends Sunflower Nursery, has been learning Mandarin for two months as her mother feels it is a \"universal language\" that Raina will require as she grows, applies to college and later looks for a job.Four-and-a-half-year-old Srimoyee Mukherjee goes to Arya Vidya Mandir, Bandra, for the rest of the week, but come Sunday morning, she and three other kids, get tutored in Mandarin.When Srimoyee's mother passed out from school in 1995, she studied French and knows it flakily. \"But say 15 years from now, it looks like Mandarin will hold a person in good stead. So I am exposing my child to the language,\" said Prema.The power of language is often perceived to be proportional to the economic strength of a country. So it seems with China too, where novelist Mo Yan was announced the literature Nobel winner on Wednesday.Dhirubhai Ambani School students Neil (9) and Nayantara Kothari (12), children of a top banker, are picking up Mandarin as their parents feel that China will continue to be an economic powerhouse. \"Apart from the fact that our kids will have a competitive advantage over others, they will be acquainted with the rich ancient culture and its language,\" said their mother Vandana Batra.For many actually, it is less about delighting in the language and more about the fact that Mandarin is becoming synonymous with the language of business. \"I am learning Mandarin because my parents told me that it is the language of the future to do business,\" a student of Oberoi International School told Lu Kong, his Mandarin instructor. The school is offering Mandarin as an after-school activity for students upwards of Class III. \"We have started offering Mandarin from this year and the response has been fine,\" said principal Vladimir Kuskovski.In August, the CBSE board offered to train teachers in Mandarin so that the language could be taught in schools. \"It is the next world language,\" said Nalini Pinto, principal of NSS Hillspring International School that offers the first level of Mandarin.Several other schools like BIS and Podar International have also introduced Mandarin, with help from Inchin Closer, a firm that teaches the language. Nazia Vasi, the firm's founder, says: \"I teach several school students whose parents know that this is an important language. If you know Hindi and Mandarin, you are talking to 3.5 billion people in the world.\"The trend has caught up outside the city too. In Bangalore, Ni Hao (Hello) has had some students attend Mandarin classes with their parents. \"There are Indians who want to migrate to China and want their children to know the language. And there are some who are expatriates, who want their kids to be fluent in the language,\" said Mahesh K, coordinator of the centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "madhubani", "code": "16803098", "title": "Violence rocks Bihar\u2019s Madhubani for 2nd day", "text": "MADHUBANI: Violence rocked the town for the second day on Saturday with a mob setting on fire a police station and parts of the block office in Madhubani to protest the death of a student in police firing.Police said a group of angry people gathered at Basopatti police station and set it on fire. They also torched a portion of the block officer there.Additional police force has been deployed in the area with CRPF and police staging flag march.Protests by locals also took place in Jai Nagar region of Madhubani district.Earlier on Friday, the town had witnessed violence and arson by a large number of stone pelting students who injured 12 persons including a deputy superintendent of police and set ablaze dozens of vehicles. To control the situation police fired killing one student on the spot.The students were demanding CBI inquiry into the mysterious disappearance of a 17-year-old student last month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "16804010", "title": "Be bold, Supriya Sule to women", "text": "GONDIA: It's time women became bold and united to raise voice against any injustice. This was the message of Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) MP Supriya Sule to the women who had gathered for the development programme of Rashtrawadi Yuwati Congress on Saturday.She said, \"You have to stand for yourself. Be united and come under the banner of our organization to fight against social evils like dowry, etc.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16803378", "title": "Campuses worried as placements fall", "text": "COIMBATORE: It was a rude shock for over 3,000 engineering students, who participated in the placement drive at an engineering college in the city, after only three of them, got placed. However, this is not an isolated case, as general trends indicate a drastic fall in the number of recruitments this year, reportedly due to global economic slowdown.Even the tier-1 institutions are feeling the heat. Dr V Selladurai, principal of Coimbatore Institute of Technology (CIT) says that by now around 60 percent of their students have been placed in various reputed companies. Being one of the leading institutions in the city, he is confident of 100 percent placement; but he accepts that situation is worse than other years. \"Last year around this time, around 80 percent of our students were placed,\" he adds.Meanwhile, a college correspondent said the situation in institutions other than tier-1 is worse. \"Last year, around 300 students were placed by this time, this year, its only 125,\" he adds.By the end of seventh semester, Tier-1 firms have visited many campuses but recruited way lesser than last year. C Ramaswamy, secretary of the NIA Educational Institutions, Pollachi says most of the firms are recruiting less numbers. \"The firms are citing global economic slowdown and recruitment freeze in various companies as the main reasons for the present trend,\" he added.However, some academicians feel with a change in strategy, the problem can be dealt with. P Appukutty, chairman of PA College of Engineering says they are focusing on Tier-2 companies. \"Although we will try for the leading names, at present we are concentrating for the tier two. Many of them can give better offers than the well-known firms,\" he adds.T Dheepan, managing trustee of Sri Shakthi Institute of Engineering and Technology adds \"The Tier-2 firms may not look as attractive as the leading ones. But the experience of a Tier-2 firm is valued more than the Tier-1. This is because they provide more scope to perform.\"Meanwhile, students hope with their fingers crossed to come out of the tough times soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16809137", "title": "Cheryl Cole's beau 'house hunting' in London", "text": "Cheryl Cole's boyfriend Tre Holloway is so much in love with UK that he is buying a pad over in the city - with a little help from the singer, who has already put in two offers.The dancer, from New Jersey, wants a house in the city so that he can be nearer to Cole.\"It's a no-brainer. Tre wanted somewhere in London to call his own so he didn't always have to stay at Cheryl's or in hotels,\" the Sun quoted a source as saying.\"He's only after a small apartment, nothing fancy. It wouldn't be a great financial outlay for Cheryl so she's more than happy to help out,\" the source said.Cole has suggested a trial moving in LA early next year while she is working in US and If thing go smoothly, then Holloway could end up swapping his small London apartment for a permanent stay in Cole's north London mansion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16802536", "title": "Chinese national held in Hyderabad", "text": "A 23-year-old Chinese national, wanted in Gujarat in a case pertaining to the Gambling Act, was taken into custody by immigration officials at the Rajiv Gandhi International Airport (RGIA) on his arrival in Hyderabad from Singapore on Saturday.RGIA SI N Jayaram said Mo Wenqianq arrived in Hyderabad on a Silk Airlines flight from China via Singapore. \"The immigration officials discovered that a Look Out Notice (LON) was pending against Wenqianq. The Gujarat police had issued LON in September to all airports in India. We do not have any details about what offence he committed, but he was booked in connection with the Gambling Act,'' Jayaram said.tnnWhen Wenqianq was questioned, the Chinese national said, \"I don't know anything.\" Police said he came to Hyderabad to go to Rajahmundry on a business visit for his company.The Gujarat police had registered a case against him in July. \"We have already intimated the Gujarat police that Wengianq was nabbed. The immigration officials handed him over to us and we in turn produced him before a magistrate and took permission to keep him in our custody until the Gujarat police come to take him,'' police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16802629", "title": "Gwalior gang-rape: State women\u2019s commission finds lapses in police investigation", "text": "BHOPAL: The women's panel has found loopholes in the police investigations and handling of the case where a 15-year-old Dalit girl immolated herself after three youths allegedly gang-raped her in Gwalior district recently.On Friday, state women's commission (SWC) conducted an on the spot inspection at Bhadoi village, 15 km from Gwalior district headquarters. The team comprised chairperson Upma Rai and member Shashi Sinhoo.SWC chairperson Upma Rai said, \"How can we talk of increasing the conviction rate in rape cases when such laxity was there on behalf of the police in recording the dying declaration of the victim? It shows gross inefficiency and inadequate knowledge of procedure of the police who did not record the declaration as per manual.\"Rai said the dying declaration should be taken before an SDM or tehsildar, and if they are not present then the police should record the declaration in front an attending doctor who should also countersign it.\"While the declaration should have been recorded in a question/answer form, it was recorded as a statement instead. This was a major lapse as the victim could barely talk,\" said Rai.Rai also objected to the claims of the police regarding two out of the three accused being minor. \"No proof about the age of the 'minors' could be furnished by the police. On what basis they concluded that the accused were minors?\"\"We have asked the police to modify the declaration and include the doctor's account who was present there. Also, the age proof of the minors have been asked,\" she said.Rai said it was tragic that the only evidence of rape was 'not collected properly.'\"Besides psychological counselling, proper legal counselling is essential for the family. We have recommended for the same,\" she said.Rai also informed that statements should be recorded properly as per the Section 164 of the CrPc. Besides the case should be tried in a fast-track court, she added.The police informed three accused Manish, Omkar and Tillu Jatav have been arrested.On September 9, a Dalit minor girl was gang-raped by three persons. She later immolated herself and succumbed to burns while undergoing treatment on September 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16803352", "title": "FDA seizes Mango Bite worth Rs 2.4cr, orders recall", "text": "MUMBAI: The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) raided Parle Biscuits Pvt Ltd's factories in Nashik and Raigad districts and seized one of its candies, Mango Bite, worth Rs 2.36 crore.Branding the candy \"unsafe\" owing to the presence of \"excessive lactic acid\", the FDA has asked the company to recall its stock of Mango Bite from all over Maharashtra. Arup Chauhan, owner of Parle Products, denied the product has been recalled. \"The goods from some of the factories have been seized, but we have not yet got any further instructions from the FDA.\"The first complaint against the candy was lodged at Nanded in Marathwada a month ago. The complainant alleged that lactic acid beyond permissible levels was being used in the candy. Subsequently, the FDA raided Parle's factories . in Raigad and Nashik and seized the candies. The raids took place nearlya fortnight ago. The samples of the seized candies have been sent to a lab for testing. A final decision on the matter will be taken only after the test report is received.Assistant food inspector (FDA headquarters, Mumbai) K V Sankhe said, \"We first seized the goods in Nanded. After that, we raided the factories in Nashik and Raigad. We confiscated goods worth 2.36 crore a fortnight ago.\" According to the FDA, the product has been recalled from all over the state.According to the FDA, the reason for branding the candy 'unsafe' was presence of excessive lactic acid. Sankhe said, \"The product is positioned as sugar-boiled confectionary.As per law, sugar-boiled confectionaries cannot contain lactic acid beyond permissible limits.This is the reason we raided the factories and seized the goods\" The stock of Mango Bite was also seized from a godown in Bhiwandi, said FDA officials.The marketing head of Parle Products, Pravin Kulkarni, said lactic acid was not harmful. \"Candies all over the world use it... it to keep the sweets from sticking.In India, there are some issues with the amount of lactic acid to be used in a product. We are trying to find out what went wrong. The matter will go to court. We will take a call on future course of action once the test results are out,\" said Chauhan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16804099", "title": "Credai to set up biomedical waste treatment facility", "text": "KOCHI: In an attempt to get rid of the accumulating biomedical waste that is posing health threat to residents, the Kochi-chapter of the confederation of real estate developers' associations of India (Credai) will set up a biomedical waste treatment and disposal facility.This is being undertaken in association with the Indian Medical Association (Kochi) and is part of the Credai Clean City initiative.According to the plan, Credai will provide the land required for the 'Indian Medical Association Goes Eco Friendly' (Image) facility, and IMA will set up the facility and operate it. The IMA at present has such a facility only in Palakkad district where biomedical waste from across the state is treated. The facility in Kochi is also part of Image's plan to set up waste treatment facilities in all the three regions of the state.Biomedical waste from the apartments and villas developed by Credai members will be treated at the Kochi facilityapart from those from the hospitals. However, its location has not yet been identified.The treatment plant is expected to be ready in two months.\"The city now has facilities to treat plastic and degradable waste, but none to treat biomedical waste, which also causes pollution. Segregation and treatment of such waste are a very serious issue,\" said Najeeb Zackeria, executive member, Credai-Kochi.Garbage collectors of local bodies have been expressing concern about the practice of mixing biomedical waste and degradable waste.In many apartments, there is no specific facility to collect syringes, used cotton and medicine bottles, which often get mixed with food or plastic waste.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16805001", "title": "Body language not bawdy language key to president win?", "text": "WASHINGTON: \"I speak two languages - Body and English,\" the American sex symbol Mae West famously fluted, much before body language came to be analysed so thoroughly in the political arena. Americans are now going beyond verbal communication to assess candidates in US elections and what they bring to the table.Reams are being written and read about vice-president Joe Biden's body language after his epic clash with Republican opponent Paul Ryan in Thursday's debate that most polls say has revitalized the Obama campaign. Almost every discussion centres on Biden's smile or grin or laugh (no one can agree on which one it is), and what it signified - confidence or condescension or casual behaviour (no agreement here either).Google's politics and election data reveals that \"laughing\" was one of the most searched for terms relating to Biden during the vice-presidential debate. His use of \"malarkey\" (for nonsense) also prompted a surge in searches and discussions on Google and Twitter, indicating that it was not all body, and language was an issue too. For Ryan, who is a fit 42 (Biden is 69), search terms included \"shirtless\", \"workout\", and \"how old is?\"Analytics regarding body language, gestures, and looks is not new. Richard Nixon was famously put down for his perpetual 5 o'clock shadow (a light stubble that shows up on fair skin despite in the evening despite a morning shave); Kennedy's tan won rave reviews, and George Bush's unintended smirk was subject of much mirth and musing. But scrutiny of gestures, looks, and tones has hit an all time high now, with even serious political pundits referring to some aspect of it in their commentary.In a typical example Huffington Post columnist Howard Fineman wrote, \"Summoning a lifetime of passion, skill, knowledge, blarney and blindingly perfect teeth, Vice President Joe Biden last night managed to right the listing Barack Obama .\"One magazine had a story titled 'Going dental: 5 obsessive headlines about Joe Biden's teeth'. They included Spiegel Online's 'Biden Bares Teeth in Debate', which was correct both literally and metaphorically, leading former vice-presidential hopeful Sarah Palin to term the vice-president as Obama's \"attack dog\".Some felt Biden's toothy composure was deliberate - aimed at restoring confidence in the party base.Although Biden is better known for bawdy language than body language (he once told Obama off-mike that the health care bill was a \"big f***king deal\"), his use of the word \"malarkey\" also led to a frenzied search. Indeed, not everything centers on lewd language and levity though.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16806576", "title": "Saif Ali Khan opts to go traditional for his wedding", "text": "Saif Ali Khan has opted to go traditional on his wedding day by choosing a golden achkan and a turban.The Nawab of Pataudi has roped in Raghavendra Rathore for designing his wedding wardrobe.\"Saif is wearing a Banarasi brocade achkan sans any embroidery in it. It is a clean classic look with more emphasis on cuts and detailing. The hand made couture dressing was Saif's choice to wear,\" Rathore said.Though it is the bride's wedding trousseau, being designed by Manish Malhotra , that has been hogging all the limelight till now, Rathore has ensured that the 'Cocktail' star looks his best on his D-day.\"The knee length achkan will be teamed with Jodhpuri breeches and turban. There will be a detailed work on the pocket scarf. Apart from wedding, the other dresses for the ceremony include velvet bandhgalas which are not again over the top. The dress will be worn either with Kolhapuri or lace up shoe,\" Rathore said.The designer said that the 42-year-old actor has been in constant touch with him and the brief given to him was to keep it classy and stylish.\"Saif approached me for his wedding trousseau four months ago in Mumbai. Since then we have been in regular touch with each other. There were lots of sketches from both the ends. I also sat with his Mumbai tailor to know more about his fashion psyche. Now, I am in the last stages of designing and will handover the garments in the couple of days,\" he said, without giving any further details about the much-anticipated wedding.Rathore, who is known for his brilliant cuts and styles, said he became good friends with Saif during the shooting of 2007 hit 'Eklavya', where he had designed all his royal and ethnic wardrobes.\"Our association started long back when Saif was shooting for 'Eklavya'. He has been wearing many designs of mine for sometime now. He likes my khadi kurtas, shirts and Jodhpuri breeches and he finds them best for Mumbai weather,\" he said.Rathore hopes that with this collaboration he will be able to set up a new trend in the men's fashion scenario which has been strongly dominated by the embroideries.\"Saif is known as a trend setter in India with his style. I think his wedding trousseau will set a new trend in the fashion industry, which has been dominated by lots of embroideries in the men's clothing,\" he added.Kareena will wear her future mother-in-law Sharmila Tagore's Sharara, being reworked by Malhotra, who has also designed for her reception.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16805094", "title": "9 in 10 months: Political murders rock Chennai\u2019s suburbs", "text": "CHENNAI: Fear has gripped several of Chennai's suburbs, which come under the neighbouring Kancheepuram and Tiruvallur districts, where 'political murders' have claimed at least nine lives so far this year.While politics was the underlying factor in most of the cases, the rapid urbanisation of rural areas and soaring land prices have led to many taking up the real estate business, and rivalry and enmity have become common, police said.In January, Chengalpet municipal councillor K Suresh of the DMDK was hacked to death by rivals, while Pushpalingam, panchayat president of a fishing hamlet near Mamallapuram , was done to death by a gang while on a morning stroll in March. Puratchi Bharatham leader and president of Thirumanam panchayat in Tiruvallur Veeran was killed by a motorcycle-borne gang in April. Last month, AIADMK councillor Paveri Velu was murdered in Singaperumal Koil near Chengalpet, Mannivakkam panchayat president R Purushothaman was killed near Tambaram and businessman-cumfilm producer P P G Kumaran was slain by a 20-member gang. Earlier this month, Ponvilainthapuram panchayat president Vijayakumar of the DMK was murdered in Chengalpet.Kancheepuram superintendent of police S Manoharan , however, said all these cases could not be termed political murders. \"Motives other than politics often lead to murders as people involved in various businesses try to seize control over rival businesses. Passion is another reason,\" Manoharan said.Another officer said jealousy had become common among politicians. \"In rural areas, unlike in urban politics, members of all parties line up for a share of the 'booty' . Anyone beating a lot of people in the race to the top is not popular and rivals plot to pull him down. In the case of P P G Kumaran, his rival hired professional killers from Madurai to kill him,\" the officer said. Seven of the eight cases of murder had been cracked and police said they were close to resolving the murder of DMK panchayat chief Vijayakumar at Chengalpet. \"We are initiating severe action against criminals. Some have been detained under the Goondas Act,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16804432", "title": "Book with articles slamming Modi govt under scanner", "text": "VADODARA: A book brought out by the president of the city unit of the Congress party is under the scanner of the officials implementing the model code of conduct for polls. The book contains media reports slamming the state government and was brought out a few months ago.The book was brought out by city unit Congress president Narendra Ravat, but as a publisher he did not use the name of the party or his designation and instead used that of the senate member of M S University (MSU). Ravat said the book was brought out in July and there was no reason for it to be examined as a part of the model code of conduct that was implemented only recently.Ravat said he came to know that the officials were looking for the book only after the officials reached the residence of the printer Amit Waghela since his name was mentioned on the book. \"Waghela was at the printing press and called me when the officials reached there after turning up at his residence,\" Ravat said.A senior official in the district administration said that the details were collected after it received information regarding such a book. \"We have collected copies of the book and spoken to the publisher as well as the printer. A report will be prepared and further action will depend on it,\" the official said. The police had also reached the printer's office in Raopura and recorded the statements of Ravat and Waghela. Police sources said they were acting under instructions of the election officers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16806800", "title": "Mary Kom advocates training in lifesaving techniques", "text": "NEW DELHI: There are few sports in the world more brutal than boxing but London Olympics bronze-medallist M C Mary Kom feels perils exist both inside and outside the ring and training in basic lifesaving techniques is a must for athletes and commoners alike.Rated as the most dangerous sport in the world, boxing has been aptly described as \"show business with blood\" by British legend Frank Bruno .Mary Kom, a five-time world champion and a living legend in women's boxing, feels boxers should be equipped to handle some medical emergencies.In fact, she said not just boxers but other athletes too should be trained in basic lifesaving techniques to deal with emergencies where even a few seconds can be the difference between life and death.\"I definitely think athletes should be trained to deal with medical emergencies because such training can help in case a fellow athlete gets injured and medical care is not immediately available,\" said the mother-of-two from Manipur.This year, in the space of one month, two international footballers suffered cardiac arrests on field of play.While 25-year-old Italian footballer Piermario Morosini succumbed to the attack during an Italian second division match, Bolton Wanderers' midfielder Fabrice Muamba survived, thanks to the people who knew how to perform Cardio Pulmonary Resuscitation after he collapsed during the FA Cup.CPR kept Muamba's vital organs functioning, till he received treatment at the hospital. Even in India, football player, D Venkatesh died during a league match in Bangalore last month, which once again highlighted the importance of learning the basic techniques of CPR and first aid skills.CPR is an emergency procedure consisting of external cardiac massage and artificial respiration; the first treatment for a person who has collapsed and has no pulse and has stopped breathing.Organisations such as VIVO Healthcare have been training people in basic lifesaving techniques, including teaching them Cardio Pulmonary Resuscitation.\"We should be equipped to take care of ourselves from the very beginning of our careers so that risks are minimised,\" said Mary Kom.The Gurgaon-based VIVO Healthcare offers training in dealing with medical emergencies.\"VIVO has over 50 leading companies as its clients including BPOs, hotel chains, MNCs, schools. In addition, it has trained the Gurgaon Police and the Fire department,\" claimed Shakti Singh, Managing Director/Promoter, VIVO Healthcare.\"We train everyone from CEOs to security guards. What lends credibility to VIVO courses is the fact that they are accredited by AHA ( American Heart Association , ASHI (American Safety &amp; Health Institute) and Quality Council of India.\"VIVO has conducted training in Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata, Chennai, Jaipur, Pune, Gurgaon, Noida, Bangalore, among other places. The latest of its camps is scheduled to be held in Gurgaon on October 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "faizabad", "code": "16804749", "title": "Faizabad to get new public redressal system", "text": "FAIZABAD: All official documents in Faizabad related to development, government orders, land and revenue and court cases will be available for public on touch of a finger. In addition, a comprehensive development plan for twin cities of Faizabad-Ayodhya will also be implemented by bringing all developments funds of various departments in one pool.A touch screen computer system will be installed at Faizabad collectorate to enable the citizens to easily access government documents and files.On this system all files of revenue and court cases and administrative department will be uploaded. This system will be connected to a photocopy machine where one can have the print of any document. The photocopy machine can be operated by inserting a five rupee coins for the prints.Terming the system as the first of its kind in the state and a powerful way to speedy development and corruption free administrative working, Faizabad district magistrate Deepak Agrawal said it will soon be dedicated to the public.Agrawal said the administration is also mulling to implement Interactive Voice Response System (IVRS) in the district for quick redressal of public grievances.In this system, any one by dialling the prescribed numbers can record the problem or request, and the computer system will immediately transfer it to the officer concerned on email.The system will save at least three days that go in movement of files, and after recording the problem, the computer system will send an SMS to the complainant giving the name and contact number of officer who will look into complaint, said Agrawal.The DM said the three big projects of Faizabad - an international stadium, 300-bed hospital and an over-bridge -- that have been lying incomplete for many years will soon be completed by sanctioning the required funds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "nawada", "code": "16804311", "title": "Women's rally over 'dupatta' row", "text": "NAWADA: Hundreds of women under the banner of Daman Virodhi Sarvadaliya Sangharsh Morcha took to the streets in Nawada town on Saturday afternoon protesting police action of forcing women and girls to take off their burqa and dupattas when they reached Harishchandra Stadium, Nawada, the venue of chief minister Nitish Kumar's public meeting in course of his 'Adhikar Yatra' on October 9.Former state minister and Nawada RJD MLA Rajballabh Yadav's message that CM Nitish Kumar would not be allowed to enter the district ever unless he tendered an apology to the women who were forced to take off their black veils and dupattas, evoked thunderous applause from not only the protesting women but also the huge crowd which had congregated outside the collectorate compound.The district secretary of AIPWA, Savitri Devi, besides demanding the CM's resignation for humiliating women, demanded that a case should be lodged against him in this connection. She said that by giving bicycles to school-going girls in the state, the CM should not assume that he had the license to insult women. The state secretary of PUCL, Dinesh Akela, had the audience in splits when he parodied the famous song from the film 'Pakeezah' by singing \"hamari na mano sipahiya se poochho, JD(U) logon ne le li hai dupatta mera\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16804743", "title": "Dream home dilemma at GIHED show", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It's not just a financial decision; buying a house is as much an emotional decision. The biggest dilemma is money-related. You think you have enough, but eventually realize you are short of the target.With sales hitting rock bottom, developers in the city are trying to put up a brave face at the GIHED property show and trying to crack the 'dream home' dilemma too.On the second day, the property fair saw around 25,000 visitors who intimately looked at the discounts and freebies on offer.The annual event has over 200 residential, commercial and plotting schemes to showcase. But unlike last year, there are very few new projects.Jigisha Ganatra, 25, who works with a finance company in Ahmedabad, has been searching for a house for the last nine months.\"I came to the fair as friends told me it was the right time to buy a house given the discounts builders are offering,\" he said. \"There has been a price correction, but I am wondering if prices will go down further.\"Like Ganatra, most visitors at the show kept marketing managers busy with that one question - 'Will the prices go down further?'\"As such, this is the right time, as there is pressure on sales and most developers are offering many discounts. But anytime is a good time to invest in a property that is priced correctly and is positioned correctly,\" said Neeraj Kumar, Ahmedabad operations head for property consultancy firm Jones Lang LaSalle (JLL).Realty experts said that they are advising interested people to go for construction-linked prices and to also talk to the developers on the kind of prices they are looking at.\"On Saturday, most of the developers saw several people visiting their construction site after they had seen the projects on display at the GIHED show. We don't see prices going down any further from the current levels,\" said city-based realtor Jaxay Shah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16803286", "title": "4 in custody for power theft", "text": "NEW DELHI: BSES Yamuna Power Limited has said that four people have been remanded in judicial custody by special courts in separate cases of power theft.Surendra Kumar, a resident of Milan Garden here, was caught stealing 38 KW of electricity on January 20 and a penalty of Rs 24 lakh was imposed on him. As he failed to pay the fine he was arrested.Two Bhajanpura residents, Habib Khan and Munni Singh, have been remanded to judicial custody in Tihar Jail till October 26. They stole 7KW of electricity on October 17, last year and were fined Rs 1.5 lakh, which they were unable to pay. Khichdipur resident Jasbeer Chaudhary was remanded to judicial custody and directed to pay a fine of Rs 3 lakh for stealing 36 KW of electricity in December, 2006.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16803058", "title": "New bridge in Barapullah Ph III", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Barapullah elevated road will be extended from INA Market to Mayur Vihar Phase I through a new Yamuna bridge proposed between DND and Nizamuddin bridge. PWD has submitted the preliminary drawings for the third phase of the project to planning body UTTIPEC for approval. The extension of Barapullah road to east Delhi will ease traffic congestion on Nizamuddin bridge and DND besides facilitating faster connectivity.\"The extension will be a boon for those travelling between east and south Delhi as they will be able to avoid the congestion on Ring Road. It will drastically cut down travel time,\" said PWD minister Raj Kumar Chauhan. A Pune-based institute will conduct a hydraulic study for the proposed bridge after which the plan will be submitted to DUAC and the Yamuna committee for clearance, said officials. The third phase of Delhi Metro will be integrated with Barapullah Phase III.Commuters using the extended road will be able to descend near Mayur Vihar Phase I Metro Station. Similarly, those heading towards Sarai Kale Khan can climb onto Barapullah road near the metro station. Phase III will involve the construction of six loops (along with the main Barapullah extension) between Mayur Vihar and Sarai Kale Khan. Two loops will link the extension to Ring Road. While one will ascend from Ring Road near Sarai Kale Khan and connect to Barapullah road, the second loop will descend from the elevated road to facilitate movement of vehicles from Mayur Vihar towards Ashram.Another two loops will connect the east Delhi extension of Barapullah road to Akshardham and Noida. While one loop will descend from Barapullah road towards Akshardham and IP Extension for vehicles travelling towards Mayur Vihar, another loop will ascend to Barapullah road on the carriageway towards Sarai Kale Khan and beyond making travel easier for those coming from Noida side, said officials.A proposed flyover \u2014 running parallel to the existing Mayur Vihar flyover \u2014 will be linked to Barapullah road with another two loops. One link will allow commuters to descend to Noida Link road and enter Mayur Vihar Phase I and the other can be used by vehicles coming from Mayur Vihar Phase 1 to climb the flyover going towards Akshardham and IP Extension, said officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16804505", "title": "Budding engineers, managers to attend Kshitij at IIT-Kharagpur", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The students and authorities of Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Kharagpur are gearing up to host its annual techno-management fest Kshitij-2013 from February 1 to February 4, 2013. For making the fest a mega event the students of IIT-Kharagpur have invited students of all technical and management institutions of Allahabad to participate in the popular fest in large numbers.As part of its efforts to increase participation from the city, student core team member of the fest Romanshu Sroha is visiting different prestigious institutions of the city including Allahabad University, Indian Institute of Information Technology, Allahabad (IIIT-A), Motilal Nehru National Institute of Technology (MNNIT) etc and apprising the students about the fest. \"My aim is to inform as many students as possible of technical and management institutions about our fest and invite them to participate in its events,\" explained Romanshu who will now be heading to Lucknow for the same purpose.Informing about the fest, Romanshu said that since its inception in 2004, there has been no looking back for Kshitij. \"Starting out with a humble participation of a few hundred in its nascent years, Kshitij has grown by leaps and bounds to become the behemoth it is today. The fest has witnessed some of the brightest minds of their time compete amongst themselves to create wonders and reach new pinnacles of excellence. Kshitij-2012 saw a total participation of over 50,000 and an amount of Rs 60 lakh being offered as prize money,\" he exlpained.With the noble agenda of providing a national-level platform for the students to showcase their technical and managerial prowess, Kshitij offers over 40 events encompassing 9 diverse genres, he added. Events like the aircraft designing competition 'Laws of Motion' are certified by IMechE (Institution of Mechanical Engineers). Kshitij also plays host to a local adaptation of the popular Discovery Channel show 'Junkyard Wars', named 'Nightshift'.Romanshu further said that to kick-start their venture, budding entrepreneurs also get huge incubation funding from angel investors and venture capitalists if the executive summary of their business idea impresses the judges of the event 'B Plan'. In the highly addictive online events 'Woodstock' and 'Forex', real-time stock market and foreign exchange transactions are simulated and played with virtual money; where the high scorers have a shot at winning a combined prize money of Rs 50,000. To address the problems that plague today's society, Kshitij also undertakes several social initiatives each year in association with the country's foremost NGOs.Apart from such a diverse selection of challenging events, Kshitij organizes enlightening Guest Lectures, fascinating Exhibitions, along with elucidatory Workshops for its participants. \"To participate in the fest, the students need to register on the website,www.ktj.in, which happens to have the distinction of being India's largest student-run website. In fact, the site recorded a whopping eight million hits last year,\" he explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16810373", "title": "IABF extends Rs 1 lakh assistance to injured Mumbai pugilist", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Indian Amateur Boxing Federation (IABF) on Sunday extended financial assistance of Rs one lakh to the family of Manisha Chauhan, a 20-year-old boxer from Mumbai, who got injured during a training session earlier this month.Chauhan suffered a brain injury after receiving a blow on her head while practicing. She was rushed to Nair Hospital, where she underwent a brain surgery.The boxer is out of coma now and has been shifted to the general ward.IABF president Abhishek Matoria said it was unfortunate for the young boxer and her family to undergo such a trauma.\"Our prayers are with Manisha and her family, we hope she responds well to the medical treatment and gets back on her feet as soon as possible,\" Matoria said in a statement.\"We have also requested Maharashtra State Boxing Association (MSBA) to keep a close eye on her and update us with her progress,\" he added.The president said though the popularity of the sport was on increase people should remember that boxing is a contact sport and should take necessary preventions before setting their feet in the ring.\"The popularity of sport is fast increasing, but we have to remember that boxing is a contact sport and it is imperative to always take the necessary precautions and also be aware of your physical condition and capabilities,\" he said.Secretary general of the governing body Rajesh Bhandari endorsed the views of his senior colleague and urged the budding boxers to use appropriate safety equipment during the practice sessions.\"Sports is a demanding profession and there is no substitute to the use of appropriate safety equipment and regulations while training or during competition,\" Bhandari said.\"Young boxers constantly need to be educated about the importance of this issue. We also need to realise that boxing as a sport is rapidly gaining popularity in the country and there is a serious need to increase the number of coaches and educators of the sport,\" he said.Meanwhile, Maharashtra State Boxing Association (MBA) has also announced an assistance of Rs 50,000 to boxer's family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16803224", "title": "Chennai Corporation\u2019s property tax collection up after four years", "text": "CHENNAI: The Chennai Corporation's property tax collection for the half year ending September 30 has crossed 210 crore \u2014 the highest for the first half-year period in more than four years.The civic body has regularly fallen short of the property tax collection target. The tax collection from April 1 to September 30 this year at 167.67 crore from the zones which made up the city corporation before expansion is 18% more than 149.27 crore collected in the same period in 2011. For the same period in 2010, 146.45 crore was collected.Also, the tax collected in the first half-year period is more than 40% of the target the corporation had set for the full year \u2014 477 crore. \"We finally have hoped we will be come close to meeting the target,\" said a senior corporation official.Corporation commissioner D Karthikeyan said the figures were encouraging given the fact that property tax collection is intense only in February and March. \"Routine collections happen, but we intensify the drive with advertisements in the media and more reminders in those months,\" he said. Property tax is levied twice a year, but residents usually pay the full amount in March. So, tax collections have always remained low till February in the last few years.TOI had reported that the corporation managed just 227 crore from April 2011 till February 2012. \"Our target for the expanded city, including arrears, is expected to be around 558 crore. We will intensify efforts in the coming half year to reach the target,\" said a senior official.Apart from the fact that the civic body's perimeter increased from 174 sq km to 476 sq km, increasing avenues for property tax payments and awareness have contributed to the rise in collections, officials said. Early this year, the corporation began reviving property tax payments through mobile phones and introduced payments at separate counters in 226 bank branches across the city. \"We got 54.4 lakh just from walk-in payments. About 2,336 people used this facility. People who could access the internet paid online, and it reduced queues at zonal offices,\" said a senior official. They also put a lot of pressure on the 10.71 lakh assesses giving them new targets and questioning shortfalls in their wards and areas.With property tax being the civic body's main source of revenue, the increased tax collection is likely to give infrastructure projects a shot in the arm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16803438", "title": "Fiery Kejriwal camps at Parliament Street", "text": "NEW DELHI: Within a few hours of being released from the makeshift jail at a Bawana stadium on Saturday morning, Arvind Kejriwal led his supporters to the Parliament Street police station, near Jantar Mantar. Looking like a man possessed, he was wearing the same check shirt that was torn in the scuffle with the police near India Gate on Friday. He was almost flaunting the torn sleeve as a badge of his mission. He tweeted that people should turn the police station area into Tahrir Square.The IAC activists, led by Kejriwal, and Rashtriya Vikalang Party supporters sat on a dharna in front of the police station, refusing to budge till union minister Salman Khurshid resigned over allegations that an NGO run by him and his wife had misappropriated funds meant for the disabled. As darkness descended, they were settling in for the night, ready for the crowds that Sunday may bring.The police seem to be in no mood to disrupt the 500 odd protesters unless there is some big provocation. So, no action was expected at night.\"We will sit here till Khurshid resigns,\" said Kejriwal, standing atop a car, in front of the police station. \"Khurshid should be removed from the cabinet and he, along with his wife, should be arrested for misappropriation of funds meant for the welfare of disabled people,\" he said.Earlier, around 11.30 am, after Kejriwal was released along with his associates Manish Sisodia, Gopal Rai and other supporters, Kejriwal tweeted urging the youth to join them at Parliament Street to fight the \"corrupt empire\". He invoked the examples of Bhagat Singh and Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose.Kejriwal said the police had been extremely harsh on the activists and had beaten up some of those who were were detained at Bawana. \"One of our supporters was picked up and beaten very badly in a police vehicle late last night. Two other supporters who were kept at Parliament Street police station were threatened by the police that they would be beaten up at night,\" he alleged.He reiterated his allegations against Khurshid and his wife, Louise, before the crowd. \"The government releases funds for the disabled which is distributed among several NGOs. Khurshid and his wife, who run an NGO called the Zakir Hussain Trust, also received central government funds and promised to use it for distribution of aids and equipment for the disabled in 17 zillas of Uttar Pradesh. But in 10 out of 17 zillas, nothing was distributed. On top of that, they forged the signatures of government officials to prove that the work was done. KK Dikshit of the Vikalanga Party exposed the case through a Right To Information (RTI) petition.\"Kejriwal also took on the BJP, taunting it by saying that it was only copying IAC and making statements that the IAC had already made. \"They are accusing us of politicizing the issue. Yes we are doing politics. They are doing corrupt politics and we, anti-corruption politics. Where is BJP? Congress and BJP are looting the country together. They are saying that we are Team B to BJP, but they are both team B to us. BJP has been copying us on everything. We campaigned against the power tariff, they also did so. We exposed Vadra, they also started talking about him. Now we asked for Khurshid's resignation and they did the same,\" he said.The protesters spent the day shouting slogans and singing nationalistic songs. When Kejriwal addressed the crowd again around 6 PM, he reacted to Louise's statements on TV in which she had said that the allegations were baseless. \"She has alleged that the CAG report is a draft and not final. If the draft is like this, then what will the final report look like? The allegations against her are not just on the basis of the CAG report but a UP government inquiry. What does she have to say about that inquiry? When the government was given the inquiry report in June, she was served a show-cause notice. Till date she hasn't responded to it. And now we are being questioned for proof. What proof do they want,\" he asked.Kejriwal also commented on the government's decision to hike the power tariff: \"Laws are made by Sheila Dikshit , Reliance and Tata. The common man doesn't make laws. The laws favour companies and loot us. To break such laws is our responsibility. If you want to change the system, you have to break laws,\" he said, urging people not to pay electricity bills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16804647", "title": "Dasara Darshan will help villagers of 5 districts", "text": "MYSORE: The authorities are giving an opportunity for rural people to visit tourist spots like Mysore Palace, Mysore Zoo and Chamundi Hills during Dasara - all for just Rs 50. Dasara Darshan, a novel initiative launched by former district minister Shobha Karandlaje four years ago, aims at bringing around 10,500 villagers from Mysore, Mandya, Chamarajanagar, Hassan and Kodagu districts. The initiative is to enable them to see the city in all its grandeur during the festive season. The initiative has been a hit with many villagers, who have benefitted from Darshan, appreciating the initiative. Under the project, people from 29 taluks in these districts will be brought to Mysore for sight-seeing and then be taken back to their places in KSRTC buses between October 17 and 22.KSRTC (urban) divisional controller M N Srinivas, secretary of Dasara Darshan sub-committee, told reporters that they have met the tahsildars of the respective taluks. They have been assigned the task of selecting the villagers. \"We are reserving 200 buses for the project. This arrangement will, however, not affect the bus services,\" he added.Committee chief H M Sunandaraj said: \"I have requested the district minister to provide additional 100 buses to bring rural women to Mysore.\" Vice-president Kirankumar said around 12-15 villagers will be selected from each gram panchayat. The committee has been given Rs 15 lakh for Dasara Darshan. In addition to this, it will raise Rs 5.25 lakh from tickets, which will be utilized for arranging transport. Srinivas said one official will be deployed in each bus to safely ferry the villagers to Mysore and back. They will be picked-up at their respective taluk headquarters. \"We are also reserving medical staff as a precautionary measure,\" the DC stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16809568", "title": "Tulisa Contostavlos wears 'casual clothes' and 'slippers' on date", "text": "Tulisa Contostavlos has revealed that she prefers to invite guys to her house for dates, so that she can slip into casual clothes and walk around in a pair of slippers.The 24-year-old songstress admitted that she cannot go out in public for dates when she wants to know someone and thus tends to invite her date round her house where she slobs out.\"I can't really go on dates in public, so usually the guy would have to come to my house. I wear as little make-up as possible, and a vest top, shorts and a pair of slippers,\" Contactmusic quoted her as saying.''On a first date, a guy sees me for exactly who I am, it's not going to get any worse!'' she said.On the other hand, the singer confessed that she will go all out on looking her best, if she knows a guy is going to see her in her underwear.''If I know a guy is going to see me in my underwear, I go over the top. I'm straight off to La Senza for corsets, suspenders, stockings - the whole shebang!'' she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16802749", "title": "Building permission by GPs to come under scanner", "text": "INDORE: Building permission given by all gram pachayats of Indore districts in last few years will be screened and inspected. A committee headed by collector of Indore has been formed to carry out the inspection, it was decided on Saturday in a meeting of district planning committee presided by guardian minister of Indore Gopal Bhargav.Bhargav after meeting the public representatives and administrative officials said that committee will screen the building permissions given by gram panchayats in the last few years and building permission will be cancelled if found to be given in back date or in violation of set guidelines. He stressed that action will be taken against sarpanches if they are found guilty.MLA Jitu Jirati had raised the issue of giving building permission by gram panchayats in violation of set guidelines. He alleged that the builders are greasing the palms of sarpanch to get building permission. Following which, a detailed discussion was carried out on the building permission given by gram panchayats in the areas on the outskirts of municipal limit of Indore.Officials said that in the areas close to municipal limit, it is mandatory to get map sanctioned by Town and Country Panning department but it is not followed strictly. Now team formed under collector of Indore will ensure that now on, wards buildings permission in rural areas close to municipal limit should be given in accordance with the set guidelines and they will also inspect the old cases.It is to be noted that recently district administration had released a list of 133 illegal colonies on the outskirts of city and it had also taken action against few. Administration had already decided not to provide any civic amenities in all these illegal colonies.In the meeting, it was also decided to take action against colonies developed on land allotted to 'patta' holders and colonies being developed on revenue and government land. It is to be noted that several colonies and townships are coming on the outskirts of the city which will ultimately come under municipal limit after proposed expansion of civic limit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16802488", "title": "Gonda CMO case: UP govt shifts top officials", "text": "LUCKNOW: After four days of dilly-dallying, the state government finally ordered an inquiry into the alleged abduction of Gonda chief medical officer (CMO) by a minister. Top officials of the district have also been removed and their role in the episode would be investigated. The inquiry will cover the allegations of irregularities against the CMO in appointment of doctors on contract basis under a scheme of the National Rural Health Mission.The officers who were given marching orders include Gonda district magistrate Abhay, superintendent of police Kripa Shankar, chief development officer Arvind Kumar Singh and the victim CMO, Dr S P Singh. While Roshan Jacob has been posted as the new district magistrate, Navneet Rana would be the new district police chief and Munni Lal Pandey will be the new CDO.The charge of the CMO has been handed over to his deputy Dr A K Srivastava. Commissioner, Lucknow division, Sanjeev Mittal, has been asked to probe the matter and submit the report in seven days. The probe will cover the allegations of the CMO against the minister, who later resigned, and role of other officers in the case. The removed officers have been kept in waiting till the inquiry gets over.The CMO was abducted by minister of state for revenue Vinod Singh, who has several criminal cases pending against him in police records, on Tuesday after the former refused to recruit candidates recommended by the minister for ad hoc appointment. Though the CMO was released after senior officers intervened, he went into hiding out of fear.After the matter was highlighted by the media, under pressure from chief minister Akhilesh Yadav and Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav , Vinod Singh resigned on Friday but continued to insist that he was innocent and had only gone to meet the CMO following complaints of anomalies in appointments.The CMO resumed duty late on Friday night but sources said that he asked for a transfer to some other district. Though the senior health officials denied having any information of CMO's request, he told TOI that he was exploring all the options. \"Though I have joined, I am not feeling comfortable. Once I settle down, I will decide what to do. I am trying my best to be positive but I am also exploring other possibilities,\" he said.Earlier, CMO's son Shailendra while talking to reporters in Gonda, said that the family members are not in favour of CMO to continue in service. \"I want him to take voluntary retirement and relax at home. I don't want him to die like Dr B P Singh or Dr Vinod Arya, the two Lucknow CMOs who were killed in connection with NRHM scam,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16802705", "title": "1987 Siachen hero passes away", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Indian military on Saturday bade farewell to the man who led one of its most daunting operations in recent memory, at a snow peak over 21,000 feet high and across frozen bodies of his fallen comrades, to evict enemy soldiers occupying a post named after the founder of their nation.Brigadier Varinder Singh, then a young Major, led the small assault team of 8 Jammu &amp; Kashmir Light Infantry that captured the Quaid Post in Siachen glacier on June 26, 1987, after weeks of laborious, logistically challenging operation and several casualties.Singh (57) collapsed on Friday while playing basketball, and passed away a few hours later. He is survived by his wife Anita, a daughter and a son.Once Singh's team captured it, Quaid Post was renamed Bana Top, after Subedar Bana Singh, a member of Singh's assault team, who was awarded Param Vir Chakra, the highest gallantry award for the operation. Maj Singh, who was wounded in the operation, was awarded Vir Chakra.\"We had no strength to celebrate. At 21,000 feet, nobody does the bhangra, yells war cries, or hoists the Tri-colour. Ultimately, sheer doggedness wins. If we had once hesitated, Quaid would still be with Pakistan,\" Singh recently told Broadsword, a defence blog run by defence analyst Ajai Shukla.The 1987 operation, many would argue, was the peak of Indo-Pak hostilities in some sense, stretching their hatred into the highest peak in a forlorn glacier that was beyond the gaze of all invading armies and expanding empires through centuries.Seen today, when India is reassessing its military strategies and China rises across the disputed border like a behemoth, Bana Top is a reminder of the unforeseen challenges the Indian military faces as well as a glorious statement of its professional capabilities.The efforts to capture Quaid Post started in secrecy in May, 1987, when Second Lieutenant Rajiv Pande led a small group to fix ropes for a subsequent assault party to climb up the post occupied by 17 Pakistani soldiers, mostly commandos from the Special Services Group. Nine of these 13 Indian Army men, including Pande, were killed by Pakistani soldiers and their bodies would be retrieved only several weeks later.The post was vital because of its dominance of the area. It could give a sweeping glance of up to 100 km, and was effectively used by Pakistani Army to disrupt Indian efforts to maintain its posts in the glacier.It took almost a month after Pande's team fell to Pakistani bullets, to assemble the assault team of 64 soldiers under Major Singh. When the first group climbed up the ropes, bodies of the nine comrades were deep frozen along the way. With a few sips of tea, some chocolate bar and their indomitable courage, the group stayed the course and carried out the final assault.The group was exhausted \"but Pande had to be avenged, and the relentless firing from Quaid reminded us of what we had to do,\" Singh told Broadsword.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "centurion", "code": "16802754", "title": "Batting performance embarrassing: Gambhir", "text": "CENTURION: Kolkata Knight Riders captain Gautam Gambhir on Saturday conceded that his side's batting performance in their 52-run defeat against Delhi Daredevils in the Champions League Twenty20 match was embarrassing but said that they would bounce back into the tournament.\"We played every badly and it was an embarrassing batting performance from us. But it is long way to go. We have the talent and we will come back into the tournament,\" he said after the match.Asked pointedly about his side's disappointing batting show, Gambhir, who was out for a golden duck, said, \"But this things happen. Sometimes you can't hold on to the momentum. It was a good wicket. One of us had to bat through. If one of our top four got 70, we would have won.\"\"Credit to Irfan Pathan and Morne Morkel , and all Delhi fast bowlers. They bowled really well,\" he said.KKR pacer Lakshmipathy Balaji conceded 61 runs for two wickets in his four overs, but Gambhir defended his bowler.\"Bala had a tough day today, other wise we were in the game,\" said Gambhir.Daredevils captain Mahela Jayawardene was happy that his side made an aggressive start but said that they would need improvement in some areas if they want to go the distance.\"We wanted to start the tournament well, be aggressive and we have done that today. Everybody showed that. Unmukt batted really well. He showed a lot of maturity,\" he said.\"We were probably 10-15 short, but the bowlers came along superbly. Useful attack in these conditions, but we still have to do the job everyday. Very good start, but we have to keep it going,\" he added.Man-of-the-match Irfan Pathan said he was happy that he has got his inswinging deliveries back.\"Came out really nicely. Getting wickets early on gave me the confidence to me and to the team. Credit should go the batsmen for giving a good total to defend. They played really well, especially Unmukt,\" said Pathan.\"Swinging is my strength. I am trying to get better every day. South African wickets suit me. Any bowler will want to bowl here though slightly uneven today.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16808627", "title": "Pitt calls US govt's war on drugs incredible failure", "text": "Brad Pitt has slammed US government's so-called war on drugs and said that the only way to end it is by legalizing it.According to The Huffington Post , the 48-year-old actor called the war \"an incredible failure.\"Pitt, who is the executive producer of the new documentary ' The House I Live In ' - focusing on President Richard Nixon's 1972 \"war on drug abuse\" plan - said, \"My drug days are long since passed but it's certainly true that I could probably land in any city in any state and get you whatever you wanted.\"I could find anything you were looking for. Give me 24 hours or so, and yet we still support this charade called the drug war,\" Radar Online quoted him as saying.\"We have spent a trillion dollars. It's lasted for over 40 years. A lot of people have lost their lives for it. And yet we still talk about it like it's this success,\" he said.The 'Troy' star engaged to Angelina Jolie - who also has a colourful past with narcotics - was frank in his opinion to legalize drugs.\"The only way to end the war on drugs is to take the profit out of it...we have to look at the what-if-everything-was-legal and people were allowed to make their own choices,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16804964", "title": "25-lakh joggers' park awaits opening by CM", "text": "TRICHY: Though an elaborate corporation-owned public park with an exclusive jogging track has been readied at a cost of Rs 25 lakh in Trichy's Thillai Nagar, it lies useless as it awaits official inauguration. Thillai Nagar, a rich locality, is also home to a large number of joggers who use the platform-less roads in the early mornings. As the roads are narrower, and filled with speeding traffic, particularly youth on speeding bikes, the elderly who go for brisk walks in the mornings have a difficult time. But the absence of a park with a jogging track has long bothered morning walkers.The corporation planned a park on the 5th cross leading to Fort Railway Station, and it was completed recently. But it remains closed much to the amazement of the local public.Trichy is particularly starved of public parks, and though there are 25 of them, most are not open to the public. The corporation it seems is working out a date with the chief minister's office to have Jayalalithaa inaugurate the new park.But there is a hitch. Sources said the chief minister would not approve of a park without high-grown plants, and the corporation would have to wait for a few months for the small plants to grow before throwing the park open to the public. It is one of the four parks within the K Abhisekhapuram division, and it has been tastefully designed across an area of 5,533 square feet. That it is designed with a circular jogging track is an added attraction. City corporation commissioner V P Dhandapani told TOI that the park had been perfected, but for a few \"high rise plants\". So, instead of waiting for the just-planted saplings to grow and branch out, the corporation was planning to plant high-rise plants so that the park looked natural. \"It might cost a few lakh rupees more, but it will be worth it. Simultaneously, we are coordinating with Chennai to seek the approval of the chief minister,\" Dhandapani said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16802400", "title": "Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority showcases green efforts to global audience", "text": "HYDERABAD: A team from the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) on Saturday visited urban green spaces which have been developed and being managed by the Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) under the Green Hyderabad Environment Programme (GHEP).The IUCN team members, including journalists from overseas, visited the Gandiguda reserve forest, which was developed in 2004 by HMDA. The urban authority has taken up wasteland plantation on the degraded reserve forest land in Gandiguda over an area of 30 hectares by planting 30,000 plants. Indigenous and economically-important species such as rosewood, red sanders, ravi, usiri, bamboo, tamarind, etc., have been planted at the site.The team also visited the Shamshabad nursery. Officials briefed the team about the conservation projects undertaken by HMDA over the last 20 years. The team members interacted with 120 women belonging to self-help groups who are part of HMDA's conservation programme. Officials said that HMDA had, as part of a Homestead Planting programme under GHEP, provided opportunity to people in villages and districts close to the city to raise nurseries in their homesteads, enabling them to earn an extra income.The delegation also saw the green median plantation developed by HMDA at Shamshabad on National Highway-44 and greenery under PVNR Expressway. The team members were also briefed about the Hussainsagar Lake and Catchment Area Improvement Project and Buddha Purnima Project Authority (BPPA) activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16804752", "title": "Ramleela woos fans virtually", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Ramleela groups have woken up to the power of social networking sites and started online campaigns to draw people, especially youngsters, to the age-old enacting of the epic. Over the years, Ramleelas have gone high-tech and now even the way of wooing the audience is changing, with city-based Ramleela groups joining social networking sites like Facebook.By doing this they have taken a leap ahead from the traditional methods of taking out processions and going door-to-door to inform and invite people to the Ramleelas.Two city-based Ramleela groups, Navyug Ramleela and Dussehra Committee, Sector 7, and Chandigarh Ramleela Committee, Sector 22, have joined Facebook to keep people updated about various Ramleela activities. These groups have been active on the site since the day the rehearsals began.\"I created the account as I know that it's the easiest and fastest way of reaching out to the people. The idea was to keep people informed about what all would unfold in the Ramleela, who are the people attached with it, what kind of atmosphere prevails there and also to give a platform to youngsters to get connected to it. After all, it is the youth, who would carry the legacy forward,\" said Sanjay Kumar , who plays the role of Rama at the Navyug Ramleela and Dussehra Committee's Ramleela. He added, \"Earlier, processions were taken out in markets and scenes were staged at the Sukhna Lake to attract people to Ramleelas but not much of that is happening. People don't take kindly to anyone knocking at their door for collecting funds for Ramleela. And they don't seem to care much for being invited to such events, so the social networking site was the best possible platform of connecting with people.\"People can even see artists essaying various characters from the Ramayana online, as photos of 'Rama', 'Sita', 'Laxman', 'Ravana' and 'Hanuman' have been uploaded from previous Ramleelas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16803860", "title": "Whistle-blower IAS officer transferred for 43rd time, alleges malafide intention", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A senior Haryana IAS officer has charged that the state government has \"abruptly\" transferred him, the 43rd in his career, as a \"punishment\" for acting as a whistle-blower in several dubious land transactions, a claim denied by authorities.Ashok Khemka, the 1991-batch officer, has also pleaded for security as he feels \"threat\" from \"vested elements\" whom he has been exposing from time to time.In his letter to chief secretary P K Chaudhery, Khemka pointed out that there should be a minimum tenure of two years as per the statutory IAS (Fixation of Cadre Strength) Regulations 2010, \"but the state government has violated statutory regulations\".Haryana chief secretary Chaudery told reporters that the IAS officer's contention that his transfer was a punishment was not correct.\"It (transfer) is the prerogative of the government. The officer was transferred for administrative reasons,\" the chief secretary said.In his letter, Khemka said acting as a whistle-blower on \"several dubious\" land transactions has come as a \"punishment\" for him.\"It is shocking to learn about my abrupt transfer...this is deliberate and malafide to punish me due to some vested elements in the political-bureaucratic hierarchy affected by the expose of the scams in consolidation of land holdings under the exercise of powers,\" he wrote in his letter.Khemka was transferred this week from his post of director general, consolidations of holdings and land records, where he was posted for less than two months. He has now been posted as managing director of Haryana Seeds Development Corporation, which was last under an officer 12 years his junior.During his 50-day stint in the department, Khemka had detected serious irregularities in land transactions involving transfer of panchayat land worth several hundred crores of rupees to newly created real estate companies.On October 9, the Haryana government had notified a policy to provide security to whistle-blowers and Right to Information activists. Khemka's transfer was done two days later.\"Forest and hill areas were sought to be partitioned under the garb of consolidation to corner prime plots near highways to build farmhouses or resorts. Panchayats also lost huge lands in consolidation by deliberate under-valuation.\"Not only this, during inspection of land records it was discovered that thousands of acres of panchayat land after illegal mutations in favour of owners were subsequently partitioned into small parcels and sold away...,\" Khemka wrote, urging Chaudhery to look into various transactions in Gurgaon, Faridabad and Yamunanagar districts.Khemka felt it was \"grossly unfair\" to punish him for being upright and exposing the scams and corrupt acts instead of taking action against the guilty.The IAS officer also made a mention of his transfer in July this year, when he was transferred from Haryana State Electronics Development Corporation (HATRON).\"Prior to my last transfer, I was abruptly transferred from Hartron in a similar manner within 50 days. There also corrupt activities within the organisation were exposed. There was a nexus to award software development works of petty nature without tender to few selected companies at inflated prices of Rs 25 to Rs 50 lakh each, whereas the rudimentary software development work could have been done in-house or through NIC using few man-days,\" he wrote.Khemka also mentioned that he fears he would be \"subject to transfer every month so as to humiliate and demoralise me and create roadblocks for regular and timely release of salary\".\"My family feels threatened due to certain vested elements whose interests were adversely affected by the exposure of scams in this Department (last posting). I plead for security and fixed tenure in a cadre post befitting my seniority\".Khemka, who is known in bureaucratic circles as an upright and honest officer, had in 2004 refused to obey the orders of the then state government headed by Om Prakash Chautala with respect to transfer of teachers mid-session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "16803381", "title": "Mira Road resident killed in bus accident on Goa highway", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: A 35-year-old man from Mira Road was killed and 26 people were injured when the luxury bus they were travelling in met with an accident at Kankavali in Sindhudurg on Saturday morning. The deceased was identified as Sanjay Gupta.According to the Kankavli police, a group of 36 people from Shanti Garden Complex in Mira Road was travelling to Goa for a weekend get-together. Around 7.20am, the driver reportedly lost control over the vehicle at a hairpin bend in the Umbrat section and the bus veered off the road, landing at a spot around 5 metres below.The injured were rushed to a government hospital in Kankavli. \"Motorists are advised to drive slowly in the ghat section,\" said an official. The police informed the family members of the victim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16807074", "title": "No discount, even for friends at Cafe Zoelays", "text": "Chef Viraf Patel of Cafe Zoelays down restaurant rules for Mirror reader Dinesh ShettyTheoretically, Dinesh Shetty opened his own cafe years ago. So, when the 30-year-old Head of operations of a lounge bar walks into Cafe Zoe to meet its owner Viraf Patel, he takes it all in carefully, from the cheerful conversations to the rustic charm. You can tell from the expression on his face, he wouldn't mind being in Patel's shoes.Settling down at one of the tables, Shetty is eager to fire away his questions. \"Why did you open your own restaurant?\" he asks.\"I've been a chef for 14 years in India and I always dreamt of owning a place of my own. I also run a consultancy business that helps set up restaurants,\" shares 35-year-old Patel, who studied Hotel Management in Switzerland .Shetty nods. \"Born into business\" himself, as he puts it, he has seen his father's entrepreneurial ups and downs from a young age and even tried venturing out on his own once. He tells Patel, \"I tried running my own kebab joint in a mall in Vasai. But the location was wrong.\"\"Yes, that's what it's all about; finding the right location and being able to envision what can become of it in the long run. We didn't do much to this place. Just cleaned it up and kept it simple,\" says Patel of the Lower Parel eatery.Shetty asks whether the restaurant has an overarching concept. \"The whole idea was to keep it very casual and comfortable. This is, I think, what people are looking for. We are probably the first restaurant of this level that opens at 7.30 am. We stay open for 18 hours. All products are freshly baked and cooked. What you read on the menu is exactly what's going to be on your plate. For instance, the tomato sauce is not spiced up to Indian taste, but kept mild and fruity,\" replies Patel.Shetty shares his fear of not getting it right again. \"I have many concepts in my head and used to dream about opening my own place since I was in college. But, at some point, I stopped talking about it.\"\"Don't do that,\" exclaims Patel. \"Failure should only help make you stronger and achieve what you want. When you start something new, the best thing to do is to be optimistic, but realistic. Look at it from the perspective of being in it for the long haul,\" advises Patel.Shetty asks about difficult customers and \" friends \" that drop in hoping for free drinks and food. \"We don't offer discounts. That's a general policy,\" the answer comes immediately. \"The only way to deal with difficult customers is with honesty and in a nice, polite manner. I think interaction with guests also helps a lot. We are here. The staff might get bullied over, but if you talk to the owners directly, it's a different feel altogether,\" Patel says.With most questions off his plate, only one remains. \"Is the restaurant dedicated to a special someone named Zoe?\" asks Shetty. Patel laughs. \"No, it's just an easy European name to recollect. I don't like it when people shorten your restaurant's name, as they did with CCD or KFC. That's why we chose Zoe.\"mirrorfeedback@indiatimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "burdwan", "code": "16803677", "title": "Girl pushed off train by jilted lover, dies", "text": "BURDWAN: A Class XI student died after being pushed off a Katwa-Bandel Down train allegedly by her classmate for turning down his proposal. The victim was thrown off the train between the Kalinagar and Samuidragarh stations on Saturday.Meanwhile, locals and Trinamool Chhatra Parishad members staged a protest outside the Kalna GRP station and demanded immediate arrest of the culprit. They prevented police from taking the body for autopsy.Around 10am on Saturday, the victim, Sujaya Basak, was returning from her tuition classes when the boy accosted her. Soon an altercation broke out between the two after the girl turned down the proposal. The boy then pushed her off the train and fled, her friends told police.OC of GRP, Kalna, Tapan Das said, \"We have already interrogated two of her female friends who were travelling with her at that time and started an investigation,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16802635", "title": "15-year-old had consensual sex, wasn\u2019t raped: Cops", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Haryana police's status report in a 15-year-old Bhiwani girl's alleged gangrape last month has cited her medical examination and corroborative evidence to conclude that she had \"consensual intercourse\".Legal experts have slammed the report, saying the law does not recognize consent of minors in such cases and that it amounts to rape in any case.\"The medical examination of the victim has revealed that there were no signs of struggle or fresh injury (on the girl's body). The corroborative evidence thus clearly indicates that it was a case of consensual intercourse,\" Bhiwani SP Simarjeet Singh said in the status report sent to DGP R S Dalal on Monday.It said the girl has revealed that she knew the three people, who raped her. \"Mobile call details of the accused and the victim reveal that the accused were known to the girl. They even had a conversation with each other a couple of hours before the incident.\"The report said scientific evidence collected during investigations has been sent to a forensic science laboratory for chemical analysis.The FIR registered in the case said the three gagged and raped the class VIII girl in a moving vehicle after they abducted her while she was on her way to her grandmother's house near Tosham in Bhiwani district on September 29. The 15-year-old later managed to jump off the vehicle and returned home. Next day, her parents filed a complaint with the police. The three accused were later arrested.Rights activists have criticized the report. \"Rape is a rape even if it is consensual or anything else. If the girl has given consent unwillingly, then it is a case of rape. If police have expressed such views, then it is very wrong. It seems that they do not want to investigate the case properly,'' said National Commission for Women chairperson Mamata Sharma.\"Minors cannot give consent in the eyes of the law. In such matters consent has no relevance; it amounts to rape,'' said criminal lawyer A S Sukhija.The Punjab and Haryana high court had in 1997 held that \"the question of being a consenting party to the sexual intercourse does not arise or is of no consequence\" if the victim is a minor.Congress leader Dharmbir Goyat had on Thursday stated that 90% rape cases in Haryana were consensual sex. He retracted the statement a day later after the party high command slapped a show-cause notice on him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16804857", "title": "Vibrant Gujarat hits poll code roadblock", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Vibrant Gujarat has hit the Election Commission of India roadblock. With the vigilant poll watchdog showing rulebook at the drop of the hat, the Gujarat government has shelved much of its pre-event blitzkrieg scheduled over the next three months in the build up to the business summit in January. Fearing violation of the poll code, which came into force on October 3, a leadership summit on information and technology being planned by the state government and industry body Assocham on October 12 was called off.\"We had to cancel the summit at the eleventh hour after it failed to meet the code of conduct guidelines. We are yet to re-schedule the event,\" said an Assocham official.As a custom, the state government gets into preparatory mode months ahead of the biennial summit. This includes roadshows, both overseas and within the country, seminars and other public relations exercises. Several babus who were planning to go abroad for Vibrant Gujarat propaganda trip have put off their plans. Two such delegations, one under principal secretary, energy and petrochemicals, D Jagatheesa Pandian and another led by Sardar Sarovar Narmada Nigam Ltd MD S Jagadeesan was to visit Turkey and the UK, the Netherlands and Belgium , respectively.Anita Karwal, chief election commissioner, Gujarat, said the state government has sought permission for sending a delegation, including bureaucrats, to foreign country for promotion of Vibrant Gujarat 2013. However, no permission for business seminars for the event has been sought.\"We have forwarded the foreign visit application to ECI. For the Vibrant Gujarat 2013 events scheduled before elections, ECI will take a view as and when the state government applies for permission,\" Karwal said.\"Last year, Modi and his ministers addressed eight domestic roadshows in major Indian cities besides other pre-events. This year, however, the pre-events may not have the desired impact as the ministers cannot attend any such event till after elections,\" said a senior official of INDEXTB.Maheshwar Sahu, principal secretary (industries and mines), government of Gujarat, said, \"We will take the permission wherever required. The pre-event seminars and conferences which do not get the permission will be rescheduled.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16804087", "title": "Finally, lights on at Bay View", "text": "KOCHI: Finally, lights came to the lives of 28 families in the Bay View apartment in Fort Kochi on Saturday.After 21 days without power, the 100-odd residents had much to cheer about as the KSEB officials drew the overhead cables to the apartment, bringing an end to the weeks-long misery.TOI report published on October 7 drew the authorities' attention to the plight of these families including babies, patients and senior citizens.With the district collector's intervention, the KSEB suggested overhead cabling as a solution.And within a week the problem was solved, and though Saturday was a holiday, the workers saw it to that power was restored in the building by evening.\"We cannot say how relieved we are. The first thing we did was to charge mobile phones and laptops. And we will stock the fridge once the shops open on Sunday,\" said Sarah Pamela John, president of the residents' association in the apartment.\"It is really wonderful, and we are thankful to the KSEB employees who worked on a holiday for us,\" she said.It was a short circuit in the underground cable that cut off power from the main KSEB line on September 22.Though the residents knocked on all doors, it took the district collector to order a technical investigation as the cause of the power failure could not be ascertained.The apartment was built in 1986, and the KSEB could not locate its blue-print, which only added to the problem.The resistance from shop keepers in the neighbourhood too worsened the situation. But on Saturday, before the issue entered its fourth week, power came in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16803060", "title": "BJP's massive bypoll win rattles Uttarakhand Congress govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP's emphatic win in the Tehri Lok Sabha by-poll by a margin of 22,000-odd votes saw the party reading it as proof of an anti-Congress mood that could even persuade some outside supporters of the Congress government in Uttarakhand to switch sides.Congress should have enjoyed the edge that usually accrues incumbent governments in a by-election with the added advantage of the seat being vacated by CM Vijay Bahuguna, who promised a slew of development goodies.The ruling party suffered a double whammy as the losing candidate is Bahuguna's son Saket, and the defeat is read to indicate the CM's lack of popular appeal alongside deep voter discontent with UPA over corruption, inflation, fuel price hikes and cap on subsidized cooking gas cylinders.BJP's nominee Malarajya Laxmi Shah, a Tehri \"royal\", was expected to put up a good fight but her victory has energized the party leadership which feels the win has rendered the Congress government vulnerable. Congress's loss could see three independents, one UKD(P) MLA and three BSP MLAs reconsider their support to the Vijay Bahuguna government.\"Outside supporters will need to consider the utility of propping up a state government where the CM cannot defend his own seat. It is only a matter of time before the state government becomes vulnerable,\" a senior BJP source said.Even if there is no immediate shift in the political equation, BJP feels satisfied that the momentum has again swung its way after the party's narrow loss in the state elections where it ended up one seat behind the Congress. Ironically, BJP CM B C Khanduri had lost his own seat.The by-poll is seen as a vindication of BJP's campaign against the UPA, including its decision to stall the monsoon session of Parliament over coalgate. The UPA's decision to cap LPG cylinders is seen to have been particularly unpopular.Voters in many parts of this large and remote Lok Sabha constituency were also unhappy over lack of basic amenities like power, telephones and roads. The conventional logic of an incumbent government being better placed to deliver was trumped by discontent over slack governance.BJP's success in seven assembly segments, including Mussoorie, is seen as an indication of the urban mood as well. Also unlike as was the case in the assembly poll, BJP was a more cohesive unit. In the state election, former CM Ramesh Pokhriyal, who was forced to make way for Khanduri, played a spoiler's role.However, after winning the election, divisions emerged in the Congress as senior leader Harish Rawat was overruled in favour of the lacklustre Bahuguna. The CM's lack of acceptance has only been further underlined, although he has appealed to the Centre to relax the cap on cooking gas cylinders that he feels affects the hill state in particular.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16804444", "title": "J G Mahurkar elected INTUC national secretary", "text": "VADODARA: The general council meeting of national Indian National Trade Union Congress (INTUC) was held in Mumbai at Thane on October 7 and October 8. Dr G Sanjeeva Reddy and Rajendra Prasad Singh were elected president and general secretary. In the representation given to National Federation of Indian Railwaymen (NFIR) M Raghavaiah, general secretary of NFIR, was elected as national vice-president of INTUC and J G Mahurkar was elected as national secretary of INTUC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16804005", "title": "Men who work backstage for on-field success", "text": "PUNE: There is a method in the racing madness: allocating weights to the jockey, blindfolding horses and patrolling in a Gypsy during the course of a horse race. It is the perfect synchronicity in these seemingly immaterial events that makes a race a hit, just as the impeccable co-ordination between the men who monitor these aspects makes horse racing a real sport.Handicappers, starters and stipendiary stewards, among others, literally hold the reigns of a race, but often slip into the background while horse owners, trainers and jockeys take the centre stage. However, a minor slip on part of these \"ground workers\" can turn a race upside down.For instance, a starter ensures that a race starts properly and in time. This may involve a host of checks and operations such as ensuring that all horses get inside the starting gate in time and most of all, flagging off the race.Jehangir Sayed, who has served in the capacity of a starter at the Royal Western India Turf Club (RWITC), Pune, for 20 years, said, \"Our work begins even before the horses and jockeys arrive at the starting gates. Among other responsibilities, we have to check the stalls before the race begins and ensure that the horses behave themselves on the D day. We also have to ensure that the jockey isn't jittery, because such a tendency tends to get passed on to the horse. In short, a starter has to be familiar with the temperament of both-the horse and the jockey. One has to check that the horse is in its best behavior, choreographing the events leading to a race.\"\"We also have to write down remarks on special arrangements to be taken for some horses; for instance, blindfolding a horse before the start of a race. Also, in case the starting gate malfunctions, starters have to immediately call off a race, which is referred to as a false start,\" said Sayed.He added that it is the starter's responsibility to recognize if a horse is reluctant to go into the gates. After the horse has had sufficient chances to enter the gates and still seems reluctant, the starter can withdraw the horse.Similarly, a handicapper is the person who allocates the weights, which horses carry in a given race, with the best rated horse carrying the most weights, and the lowest rated carrying the least, so as to equalise the chances of the competitors.Pradyumna Singh, senior stipendiary steward at RWITC, said, \"The handicapper tries to equalise the chances of all horses to win. In doing so, if the handicapper feels that the horse has performed better, he gives him a penalty. A penalty is additional weight carried by a horse on account of previous wins. He can also reduce the handicap of those horses that do not perform well with the weights. Handicapper can even promote or demote a horse to higher or lower classes depending on their performance.\"Singh added that a handicapper uses his judgment to perform these tasks and thus make the game competitive. \"Spectators betting on horses have to do plenty of calculation to measure the winning chances of a horse once the weights are added. It thus becomes difficult for the public to select the best horse, making the game more competitive. Handicappers thus play a very important role as to how engaging a game turns out to be,\" he said.Stipendiary stewards, another indispensable component of the racing staff, are the ones who keep a close watch on the race by employing various methods. These men monitor the conduct of the jockeys while the race is in progress, ensuring that they go as per the racing rules. \"Stipendiary stewards are four to five officials who keep a close watch on the race. One such stipendiary steward moves in an open Gypsy on the road that is constructed parallel to the racking track, watching the race closely. Another sits in the stipendiary steward's enquiry room, which receives the output of the video cameras monitoring the race. Two more are stationed at the stands with binoculars,\" said Singh. Stipendiary stewards ensure that every horse has ridden to its merit, to the best capabilities of the jockey.The role of judges cannot be discounted, as plenty of hard work goes into gauging the results of a race, especially in case of a photo or blanket finish. At the same time, the administration wing ensures timely coordination between multiple departments of the RWITC. The race is thus the result of meticulous teamwork showcased quite spontaneously during the two to two-and-half-minute action on the racing track, when thousands of racing enthusiasts hold their breath watching their favourite horse pass finish line.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16804624", "title": "Worker accuses colleague of passing obscene remarks", "text": "LUCKNOW: A senior executive of a prominent electrical firm had been accused of passing obscene remarks and insulting and criminally intimidating a female co-worker. Following the incident a case has been registered against Bhavesh Ajmera with the Mahila Thana on Saturday.Resident of Krishna Nagar, 28-year-old Meetu (name changed) had been working at Shahnajaf Road office of an electrical giant since June 2010. Meetu started off as a receptionist with her employer and was promoted within a year to the position of sales accountant.According to the complainant, Bhavesh, who looks after UP operations, used to pressurise her constantly to delay payments to the vendors of the company for past few months. On Saturday, she told police, Bhavesh called her in his room and asked her to straighten up her attitude and listen to her. He started throwing weight around and boasted about his connections in the company's corporate office. Bhavesh, a resident of Mumbai keeps visiting the Lucknow office frequently to take stock of business operations in UP.Meetu approached the cops with her husband to register her complaint and consequently a case was registered against Bhavesh under Sections 506, 504 and 294 of IPC, which amount to criminal intimidation, intentional insult and obscene acts by an individual. Bhavesh, meanwhile, met the circle officer of Hazratganj and denied allegations. The police are investigating the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16806673", "title": "I will fight back allegations with proof, Khurshid says", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amid protests by Arvind Kejriwal , law minister Salman Khurshid returned to the national capital on Sunday from abroad and said he will fight back the allegations that his NGO siphoned off money meant for disabled with sufficient proof.The law minister faced protests at IGI airport here this morning where activists of Kejriwal-led India Against Corruption (IAC) raised slogans against him and attempted to show black flags.Khurshid, who was in London for the past few days, denied the allegations levelled by a TV channel and Kejriwal's IAC that the Zakir Hussain Memorial Trust owned by him and his wife Louise was involved in cases of financial misappropriation and forgery.\"I will fight back the allegations with sufficient proof,\" he told reporters on arrival.The protest by Kejriwal and disabled people demanding the resignation of Khurshid entered the third on Sunday.The protesters, who were detained two days ago and released yesterday, continued their protest at Parliament Street and raised the pitch saying they will sit there till Khurshid resigns from the cabinet.Khurshid's wife Louise, the project director of the NGO Dr Zakir Hussain Memorial Trust, had lashed out at Kejriwal yesterday, terming the allegations of \"money bungling\" as \"baseless innuendos\" and accused him of \"doing politics using the shoulders of the disabled\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16807157", "title": "Streets ahead", "text": "It's a question that has vexed us many times \u2014 why do Indians lack civic sense? Just look around you. Filth and squalor are regular eye sores, assailing our senses and numbing our minds. No wonder in 2009 environment minister Jairam Ramesh said, \"Our cities are the dirtiest in the world. If there is a Nobel Prize for dirt and filth, India will win it hands down.\" But all isn't bleak. Inspiring tales of common people taking to the streets have given hope of a cleaner, better tomorrow.One such group is The Ugly Indian (TUI) in Bangalore which has over 100 committed citizens, some in senior corporate jobs. So fed up were they of visible filth that they decided to do something about it. Every week, they came armed with face masks, gloves, buckets, broomsticks and mops and cleaned up various areas in the Garden City. Already, some 100 spots have been freed of garbage, paan stains, death traps and evidence of urination.While clean-up missions have often been taken up by corporates driven by Corporate Social Responsibility, what's refreshing here is that TUI is 100% anonymous and almost seems like a secret society. The group uses the power of social media to remain visible. Just as well.Emails sent to them elicit quick replies and their stories of hope are documented on Facebook and accompanied by provocative write-ups and tips. Obviously, they're talented and educated and are a case study for other cities. Asked why they remained anonymous, they emailed, \"The names and identities of specific individuals are not important. What matters are visible results.\"And these are there for all to see. The philosophy of TUI is: Kaam chalu mooh bandh (Stop Talking, Start Doing). They simply use smart, low-cost ideas to tackle filth. Take Church Street, bang in the middle of Bangalore. One kilometer of it had some 10 garbage dumps and 10 walls used for urination. TUI put 150 terabins and 10 Wonderloos (ecofriendly waterless toilets) which were cleaned twice a day by sweepers. Each spot, they say, costs less than Rs 300 per head to maintain. Their philosophy is that if cleanliness is made a normal status, people will follow suit. That's why airports and high-end places aren't littered, while streets are. It all lies in our attitude. And this can overturn the world's best systems, be it Indian-dominated suburbs abroad such as Southall (London), Edison (New Jersey) or Little India (Singapore).The clean-up is fast, the transformation stark. Garbage dumps, some next to classy restaurants and offices, are cleared on a war-footing. Footpaths are repaired and cheap pots put there. They also realized that urinators preferred dirty places such as garbage dumps, untidy corners and filthy spots. So they simply eliminated these spots and spruced them up. Seeing the change, other citizens were enthused. One footpath, for example, was adopted by architects working nearby who would wash it daily. Other spots were looked after by schools. Shops changed their dumping behaviour.The anonymity of the group also extends to how they select new members. Those wanting to join have to write to the group's email ID and then they are filtered. TIU refuses funding but help in the form of skilled masons, painters and sponsoring bins is welcome.Their innovative strategy has had people writing in to them from other cities and asking them to do similar clean-ups there. But the group says others should start on their own. \"Many of the projects in Bangalore have been done solo or in pairs and several by those over 60.\"And their reach seems to have gone beyond our borders to Pakistan too. In the aftermath of riots in Karachi on Ishq-e-Rasool Day recently, some residents were spurred to clean the mess with brooms and buckets. Called 'Project: Clean up Pakistan', it was a move which surprised many who were not used to this type of altruism. And yes, journalists from Karachi tried contacting TUI but got no response.Another city which has taken cleanliness to great levels is Surat. After the devastating plague of 1994, this city of diamond merchants was so spruced up that it has attained the tag of one of the cleanest cities in India. M K Das, Surat's municipal commissioner, says that in order to get citizens involved, a Society Anudan Scheme was started wherein societies approach the municipal corporation to allow them to maintain cleanliness of areas under their purview. If found capable, permission is granted. The cleanliness is monitored regularly, and then anudan (grant) for the next month is released to the society. Except for providing insecticide, everything else, including manpower, is arranged by them. The minimum grant given is Rs 1,200 per month. More than 600 societies have been covered under the scheme.\" There are also plans to set up two metre-big dustbins all over the city with ads on them to generate revenue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16804379", "title": "NRHM to launch drive to popularize Centre\u2019s scheme for pregnant women", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The district National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) is planning to launch a special drive to popularize the Union government-funded Janani Sishu Suraksha Karyakram (JSSK) that has been introduced in eight selected government hospitals in the district.The hospitals have been rendering free service to pregnant women opting for both normal delivery and C-section and free services up to 30 days for new-borns.The Union ministry of health and family welfare through the scheme aims at bringing down the infant and maternal mortality rates in the country in a phased manner. According to NRHM officials, at present the Infant Mortality Rate (IMR) is 13 per 1,000 in the state a year and it is 48 per 1,000 in the country. Maternal Mortality Ratio (MMR) is 80 per lakh in the state in a year while it is 300 per lakh in a year in the country.In Kozhikode, the scheme is introduced at the Institute of Maternity and Child Health, Kottaparamba Women and Child Hospital, Beach General hospital, Perambra , Kuttiyadi, Thamarassery and Koyilanday Taluk Hospitals and Vadakara District Hospital.The NRHM here has entrusted 2,050 Accredited Social Health Activists (Asha) workers and 750 health staff to popularize the scheme especially in rural and urban areas where people have not aware of the scheme. Asha workers will conduct door-to-door campaign to create awareness among women about the scheme.Under the scheme, the government will provide Rs 1,650 for normal delivery, Rs 3,300 for C-section and Rs 700 to conduct tests for pregnant women admitted to the hospital and another Rs 500 as transportation charge at the time of discharge of the women after delivery. The government will allot these funds to the respective hospitals on the basis of number of delivery cases registered at each hospital.\"The facility is available to both Above Poverty Line and Below Poverty Line families. The Union ministry aims at making the infant mortality and maternal mortality rates zero within five years,\" said NRHM district project manager Dr A Baburaj. \"The Beach General Hospital and Kottaparamba Women and Child Hospital have started getting more patients within a month after the project has been launched.A district-level committee headed by district collector has been constituted for the monitoring of the scheme and to check that the hospital authorities are providing best services,\" he said. \"Our staff will begin the intensive drive in the district within a month,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16803695", "title": "MCG to follow Delhi and Mumbai system of outdoor advertisement rates", "text": "GURGAON: The urban local bodies department has asked the city municipal corporation to study the existing advertisement rates in cities like Delhi and Mumbai and accordingly fix its rates. The MCG has not been able to properly implement its advertisement policy as it has still not been able to fix the advertisement rate.The councilors themselves are divided on this issue and a few of them have complained to the chief minister against the ruling party that it has formulated the advertisement rate that will benefit the big players in the industry, while those having less advertisement space are likely to get burdened.\"According to the present rates that have been fixed, the calculations carried by us internally suggest that we will lose Rs 10 per square feet per month and therefore we had sent a report to the urban local bodies to seek its suggestion. It has asked us to study the rate and advertisement policy in other cities like Delhi, Mumbai and Bangalore,\" said a MCG official.Meanwhile, following a Punjab and Haryana high court order, the MCG will carry out a demolition in Nathupur village on Monday to reclaim a land that has been illegally encroached upon for several years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16806802", "title": "Saying it through stick figures", "text": "Back from the Comic Con Express at Bangalore, Ramya Sriram, a city girl who specialises in stick art, is all set to expand her horizonsAn engineer-turnedcartoonist and now working in a publishing house by day, city girl Ramya Sriram sure takes her stick figures seriously. In fact, the 23-yearold's simple and minimalistic stick art, that depict everything from her witty observations on life to caricatures of popular artists such as Jimi Hendrix , are all set to leave the confines of her Facebook page and website and feature in quirky merchandise. Ramya says that it wasn't until she attended the national comic convention in Bangalore that she thought of merchandising her art.Even though she had started getting individual assignments after people noticed her comic strip in a local magazine. \"I started getting a lot of requests to make wedding and birthday cards and printed items such as coasters. It was then that I realised that it might be a good thing to take my hobby a little more seriously,\" she says.Her stint at Comic con opened new doors for her. \"It was a good testing ground for me. Before this, I wasn't into merchandisi n g . But after the res p o n s e from the people, I was inspired. Many people who saw my work at the Comic Con event, suggested that they would love to see stick figure bobble heads as well,\" says Ramya, who describes her experience at the weeklong festival as \"awesome\".\"I got to interact with several artists and designers from across the country. It was a brilliant platform where a variety of art was show - cased \u2014 from minimalistic to detailed work and caricatures to comics books too,\" she adds. So what else is on the cards? \"Right now, I'm completely focused on the merchandise and my website. I'm also likely to attend the main Comic Con event that happens in Delhi in 2013.\"afrin.humayon@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "16808412", "title": "368 dengue cases in Odisha, medical students hit", "text": "BERHAMPUR: At least six medical medical students of MKCG Medical College and Hospital campus in Odisha's Ganjam district have tested positive for dengue.With this, the number of dengue cases in Ganjam district has jumped to 368, district malaria officer U K Mishra said. \"The condition of a third year student of the medical college was critical. He is admitted at the Intensive Care Unit (ICU) for treatment of dengue,\" superintendent of the medical college and hospital A K Behera said.While four other students have been discharged after treatment, another student was undergoing treatment in dengue ward and his condition is stable, he said. Nine more suspected dengue patients were admitted in the medical college from Ganjam district. Of them five tested positive for dengue, he said.Medical College authorities in collaboration with the Berhampur Municipal Corporation (BMC) have taken steps to clean the campus after outbreak of the disease.Anti-mosquito drive was also launched in the campus. \"We have advised the hostel inmates not to throw disposable cups and pots here and there. These should be thrown only in the dustbins\" Behera said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "bilbao", "code": "16806183", "title": "Viswanathan Anand signs off with another draw; finishes fifth", "text": "BILBAO: World champion Viswanathan Anand could not fetch a win till the very end as he settled for a draw with Russian Sergey Karjakin in the 10th and final round of fifth Final Chess Masters to finish a lowly fifth.Having lost to Magnus Carlsen of Norway in the penultimate round after a spate of draws, Anand could not break through the defenses of Karjakin and settled for his ninth draw in 10 games apart from the lone defeat.After a full bloodied penultimate round that produced three decisive games, the atmosphere was a lot calmer in the playing hall as all the games ended in draws.While Carlsen held his own against Levon Aronian of Armenia , who played white, Italian co-leader Fabiano Caruana signed peace very quickly with Francisco Vallejo Pons of Spain.World number one Carlsen won the event blanking Caruana 2-0 in the blitz tiebreak games that ensued after a tie between the two.After the final round, Caruana and Carlsen had tied for the top spot with 17 points apiece in the soccer-like scoring system in place here that gave three points for a win and one for a draw.With Carlsen first in the tiebreaker, Caruana finished second and Aronian had to be content with third place with 11 points in all.Karjakin ended ahead of Anand on 10 points while the Indian was a point behind for his fifth-place finish. Not much was expected from Vallejo Pons, but the Spaniard showed enough character and but for a couple of missed chances, could have made a difference in the final standings.For Anand, the tournament turned out to be a forgettable one where the world champion could not win even a single game.Though it might be irrelevant due to lack of form, the Indian ace would be certainly looking to set the records straight in the next super tournament that he plays in London come December.Playing white against Karjakin, Anand went for a highly uncompromising variation, an indication that the world champion was ready for complexities despite being down and out in the event. Karjakin, however, did not feel much pressure and got away easily with exchanges at regular intervals.Anand reached a heavy piece endgame with equal pawns and the draw was a just result after 45 moves.Carlsen played the black side of a queen pawn opening against Aronian who intended to push for an advantage.However, after routine exchanges in the middle game, the Armenian could not improve his position further and settled for a draw. In the other game, Caruana and Vallejo Pons played out a draw in the opening itself, repeating moves out of a Ruy Lopez Zaitsev.This brought the finale to a blitz play-off wherein Carlsen showed why he is world number one for some time now. Playing black in the first game with just four minutes to both players with a three second increment, the Norwegian went for the Berlin defense.Caruana, at first, could not prove an advantage and later fell back on time to land in serious troubles. Carlsen knocked down a couple of pawns to register an easy victory.In the return game, Caruana had to win as black but a blunder early in the opening saw the Italian collapse to a 17-move loss.Results final round: V Anand (Ind, 9) drew with Sergey Karjakin (Rus, 10); Levon Aronian (Arm, 11) drew with Magnus Carlsen (Nor, 17); Francisco Vallejo Pons (Esp, 6) drew with Fabiano Caruana (Ita, 17). Play-off: Magnus Carlsen beat Fabiano Caruana 2-0.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16805045", "title": "Chennai stem cell registry helps save many young lives", "text": "CHENNAI: When a South Asian patient undergoing treatment in London was desperately in need of stem cells, it was a Chennai-based registry that tracked down a donor from Nagpur. Datri, a non-profit stem cell registry started in 2009 by Raghu Rajagopal, has so far given a new lease of life to more than a dozen such patients, many of them children with cancer.When Rajagopal, a US citizen, decided to settle down in Chennai in 2005, he had several ideas for a business model. But he really missed the volunteer work he was doing abroad. Until he moved to Chennai, Rajagopal worked to get volunteers to register for stem cell donations. Such registries store data about a person's stem cells - these are able to produce cells of other types, including bones, tissues and organs. The registry calls the potential donor when stem cells are needed.Stem cell transplantation is a standard treatment for some blood disorders and can help cure many diseases of the heart, Parkinson's disease and muscular dystrophy . While there were no stem cell registries in India till 2009, now there are two other registries, including the Marrow Donor Registry of India. \"It offers hope to millions who are in need of stem cell transplantation. Less than 25% of people find a matching donor within the family, others depend on large registries,\" says Rajagopal.Datri, which has a databank of more than 21,000 volunteers, is a nonprofit venture. \"I am an entrepreneur. I make profits in my other business, not here,\" he says. Datri, meaning 'donor' in Sanskrit, works to help patients with life-threatening diseases. For the last three years, Rajagopal and his team have been conducting awareness programmes and recruiting volunteers. \"We have had volunteers from different socio-economic groups from across the country. No donor is paid,\" he says.Potential donors are usually in the 18-50 age group. After counselling, they have to sign a consent form. Swabs from the volunteer's cheeks are collected and sent to a New York based laboratory, Histogenetics , for HLA typing - a series of tests that are required before the donation to help doctors determine how closely the tissues of the donor and the recipient match. Histogenetics' chairman and founder Dr Soo Young Yang and president and co-founder Dr Nezih Cereb are on Datri's board of directors. Histogenetics does the HLA typing at a subsidised rate for Datri. The data is then shared with the international registry, Bone Marrow Donors World Wide.Datri offers hope for many patients. Now, they have to depend on cord blood stored by a relative or on public stem cell banks building up their inventories.Datri has supplied stem cells to patients , including four children undergoing treatment at the Apollo Specialty Clinic here. \"We contact volunteers when we receive requests. But matches are not easily found,\" says Rajagopal.The registry's inventory is by itself not large. Also, more than 50% of the volunteers refuse when the match is confirmed. \"We are now working to help people overcome their fears,\" says Rajagopal.If the volunteers agree, then there is a two-step process -- reconfirmation of the tissue match with blood cells and a master health check-up . They are then given injections that multiply the stem cell count for five days. The cells are removed from the blood in a four-hour filtration process. \"It is similar to dialysis and isn't painful,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16803933", "title": "Like Coalgate, Nagpur businessmen profit on German ploughmaker", "text": "NAGPUR: The German-based Lemken GMbH &amp; Co inaugurated its first manufacturing unit outside its own country, at Butibori industrial estate in Nagpur on Saturday. The 266 million Euro company has decided to pump in 60 crore for its India venture and expects to create 55 jobs initially.While it's a reason to celebrate for industry-starved Vidarbha, the manner in which Lemken has decided to start business smacks of the Coalgate scam. The seventh generation firm, which will be manufacturing tractor ploughs, will be using the land that it got while acquiring M/s SinghKal Automobiles and Farm Equipment, a company promoted by local businessmen Ashish Kale and Ritesh Singhania.Legally though it gets the thumbs up, the deal has resulted in the Maharashtra Industries Development Corporation not making any money out of it. The industrial estate falls on MIDC land.Lemken, which started as a blacksmith's workshop in 1780, is setting up a unit on plot number D-15 of Butibori industrial estate, which was earlier held by SinghKal. Kale and Singhania offloaded their entire stake in SinghKal to Lemken. SinghKal's only asset was the 20,000 square meter plot. Even in Coalgate, some companies that had got coal blocks allotted to it for cheap rates made a pile by selling their stakes for a profit.CEO of Lemken India Agro Equipment Arvind Kumar told TOI that it paid around 3 crore to SinghKal.As a part of the state government's policy to encourage industrial development, plots in MIDC estates are available at rates cheaper than the market price.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16803629", "title": "Love and live for Science: Hoffmann", "text": "BANGALORE: Prof Jules A Hoffmann's mantra for learning Science is to remain motivated, learn other subjects, relate them to Science and ask good questions. The Nobel Prize winner for discoveries on 'activation of innate immunity'. On Saturday, Prof Jules A Hoffman ,the Luxembourg-born French biologist said that India, the second most populous country on the globe, also got an innate strength in the field of Science and research.The French biologist was in the city to inaugurate the newly-built Dr P Sadananda Maiya block comprising 22 classrooms and eight science laboratories at National College, Jayanagar, on Saturday. Here's what he had to say to the student community.Impressed with India\"I am impressed with India. So far I have visited seven institutions of high standards. All of them of are of very high quality,I was truly impressed with the quality of Science and the quality of equipment. It is wonderful that your government is supporting Science. It is important for the future. I interacted with the students. I am impressed with the enthusiasm which they (students) have for Science and research here,\" he said.Lessons to a scientist\"If you want to be good in Science, you have to start asking good questions. You cannot ask good questions if you don't have good training. You have to be open to other fields. You have to feel it. Team up with others and remain very motivated to work hard,\" Hoffman said.Luck factor\"You have to learn philosophy, literature and also be with family, which will help in your work. Luck also plays a big role in Science. You have to love and live your Science,\" he addedThe National College campus was teeming with youngsters taking photos of the Nobel Laureate and trying to get a moment with him. The French biologist inaugurated the newly built Dr P Sadananda Maiyablock comprising 22 classrooms and eight science laboratories at National College, Jayanagar on Saturday.P Balaram, director, Indian Institute of Science, said it is time private individuals and the private sector involved themselves in the field of education and research. The Dr Sadananda Maiya Block building covers 60,000 square feet with the state of the art facilities, including Wi-Fi connections. Maiya, an alumni of the college, and his wife have donated the entire sum for the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16804456", "title": "Ganesh, Anil Kumar should quit, says BJP", "text": "KOZHIKODE: BJP state general secretary K Surendran has said that forest minister K B Ganesh Kumar and tourism minister A P Anil Kumar should resign from their posts for violating the Kerala Inlands Vessels Act and driving a boat without valid licence through the Thekkady lake.He told a news conference here on Saturday that the ministers had breached their oath of office.\"Ministers have more responsibility to follow the laws of the land. The statement of Ganesh Kumar that ministers have special privileges is an insult to the rule of law and the Constitution,\" he said.Surendran said there was a mystery behind the tour undertaken by the ministers. \"They should clarify whether it was an official tour and whether the staff had accompanied them,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16803193", "title": "Will South Africa be lucky for MS Dhoni again?", "text": "Chennai Super Kings are always the team to beat when it comes to franchisee cricket. Kolkata Knight Riders pulled off an upset in the IPL final, but MS Dhoni's men go into the Champions League as the favourites.CSK are the complete team in every sense of the term. They have three solid batsmen who can open, a good middle-order, some quality all-rounders, and the spinners who know how to bowl in T20 cricket. The only blow for CSK is the unavailability of Dwayne Bravo , who is ruled out with an injury, but the team management is not losing sleep over it.\"The likes of Ben Hilfenhaus , Nuwan Kulasekara and Doug Bollinger are there, so we don't have to think about our bowling. And as it is, we bat pretty deep, so I don't think we would be too affected by Bravo's absence,\" R Ashwin, CSK's No. 1 spinner told the TOI.There's a school of thought which believes that teams which have more South African players will be in pole position. In this aspect too, CSK are very well placed. All-rounder Albie Morkel will be a handful in these conditions and then there's Faf Du Plessis. The under-rated batsman came into his own in the initial stages of the IPL and then he played a great knock for South Africa in the World T20 match that ensured India's ouster.Chennai Super KingsOwners: India CementsSkipper: MS DhoniCoach: Stephen FlemingKey Indian players: MS Dhoni, Suresh Raina , R AshwinKey foreign players: Faf Du Plessis, Mike Hussey , Albie MorkelCLT20 record: Won the 2010 edition but failed to make the semis in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16805323", "title": "Expert speaks on ankle surgery advances", "text": "KANPUR: Various new concepts and methods of ankle surgery and transplant were discussed in a symposium organised by the UP Orthoplasty Society here on Saturday. Chief speaker on the occasion Dr Andy Goldberg from London highlighted the problem and treatments of ankle injuries.Dr Goldberg is an expert of ankle surgeries at Ortho Hospital, London affiliated with the university college of London.He was here to conduct four symposiums all across the country. Kanpur was among the four favoured destinations apart from Mumbai, Bangalore and Delhi.Addressing delegates from Bihar, Allahabad, Barabanki and Jhansi, the expert came said foot and ankle surgery had developed over the last few years.Today, patients spend less time in hospitals and recover more quickly and are able to remain active with better movement thanks to advanced surgeries and replacement.\"Ankle surgeries are performed largely for ankle disease or osteoarthritis caused by athletic injuries or significant traumas and accidents,\" said Dr Andy.He added that replacement was not the only option in ankle injuries as many can be treated even when they show positive movements,\" said the expert.Talking about the reason for choosing Kanpur as one of the cities for the symposium, Dr A S Prasad of UP Orthoplasty Society informed that other cities visited by Dr Andy were metropolitan while Kanpur was a place where a large number of accidental cases take place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "pune ", "code": "16809096", "title": "Ammunition factory employees get bail in bribe case", "text": "PUNE : The court of special judge D R Mahajan granted bail to two employees of the Ammunition Factory, Khadki who were arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), Pune for taking a bribe of Rs 4,000 from a vendor selling Chinese food on October 9.The employees Ashok Kamble (junior works manager) and Vikas Pardeshi (darban, security office) were released on a personal bond of Rs 15,000 with one or two sureties of the like amount. They were directed to co-operate with the CBI whenever they were called for questioning.According to the CBI, Ashok Krishna Kumar Yadav from Range Hills had been running the Chinese food stall in the area since 2002. In November 2011, his stall was seized by Kamble and other officials.The CBI said that Yadav had met Kamble on numerous occasions and expressed his willingness to pay the fine so that his stall could be released, but in vain.On October 6, Yadav had again met Kamble who demanded Rs 4,000 from him to release his stall, but said he would only issue a fine receipt of Rs 300, the CBI stated. Kamble told Yadav to give the money to Pardeshi on October 9. Yadav had registered a complaint with the anti-corruption bureau of CBI. Inspector D K Bali and his team laid a trap and caught Pardeshi red-handed while accepting the bribe at his residence on Kamble's behalf. Kamble was later arrested.The employees were arrested under relevant sections of the Prevention and Corruption Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16810098", "title": "Karnataka State Law University, state universities on collision course over law degrees", "text": "MANGALORE: Law departments of state universities in Karnataka offering PG degree in law (LLM) on a collision course with Karnataka State Law University (KSLU). The Navanagar-Hubli based KSLU in its circular (KSLU/Circular/2012-13/1840) dated October 5 has instructed principals of all affiliated law colleges not to appoint any teaching staff acquiring LLM degree through distance education/correspondence course or any University/Institute/Centre in Karnataka.The fiat does not apply to those obtaining their LLM degree offered by KSLU or National Law School of India University (NLSIU). If any affiliated law college has appointed such candidates for teaching law, their services should be withdrawn forthwith, circular says quoting Bar Council of India letter and section 6 of KSLU Act 2009 which says LLM degree offered by university, institution in Karnataka other than KSLU/NLSIU after 2011 is not a valid degree.Various state universities such as University of Mysore, Bangalore University continue to offer LLM degrees through post-graduate programmes offered by them. Incidentally, KSLU at its recent academic council meeting adopted a resolution seeking strict implementation of section 6 of the KSLU Act, said its former registrar (evaluation) KS Bagale. \"The ball is now in the state government's court which has to take a call on resolving the issue,\" he opined.The way out, Bagale said is for the Government to amend section 6 of the Act, which recognizes LLM degrees offered by other universities or direct these universities to fall in line with the Act and stop offering these programmes. This circular of KSLU will affect nearly 1,000 students who have completed their PG programmes in these universities and social observers feel could have a cascading effect event on students studying in under-graduate programmes as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16803976", "title": "46-year-old dies of swine flu", "text": "PUNE: Pralhad Patil, a 46-year-old resident of Jalgaon, succumbed to the H1N1 virus at the Ruby Hall Clinic on Friday. With this, the city's H1N1 death toll has gone up to 21 since April this year.Patil's condition was critical and he had been put on ventilator support for the past few days.His condition deteriorated on Friday and he died at 8.12 pm.Respiratory failure due to H1N1 pneumonia caused his death, said a civic health official.Four pregnant women have tested positive for the virus in the last one week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16803930", "title": "State's culture clan reels under 'amra-ora' divide", "text": "KOLKATA: The assault on thespian Bimal Chakraborty took a backseat on Saturday as the city's cultural hub turned into a stage for mudslinging with a group of theatre personalities, apparently owing allegiance to Trinamool Congress , counter-attacking Left-backed personalities who demonstrated against the Mamata Banerjee government last week.The latest demonstration also witnessed the unveiling of Natya Swajon, a forum for theatre artistes, which appealed for depoliticization of Bengali theatre.\"I give out a clarion call to all and urge them to remove the Amra-Ora difference from Bengali theatre. We should form a common platform for the benefit of the state and Bengali theatre. The meeting on October 5 was an attempt to malign the chief minister. Strangely, Bimal Chakraborty, who is at the center of the controversy, was hardly visible in that meeting. No one knows what he has to say about the incident,\" said thespian and education minister Bratya Basu.\"An actor can always have a political belief but it should not be merged with his identity as an artiste,\" he added.Thespian Bibhas Chakraborty and Rudra Prasad Sengupta, who were present at the gathering of October 5, remained absent on Saturday due to \"pre-occupations\". But they showed their solidarity towards the forum of Natya Swajan by sending a written statement and claiming that they were \"unaware\" of the real motive behind October 5 meeting.It may be noted a group of artistes protested on October 5 after Bimal Chakraborty was heckled in a Baranagar market by a group of goons. He was also kept on compulsory waiting by the government's food department. Apart from Bibhas Chakraborty and Rudra Prasad Sengupta, Soumitra Chatterjee, Usha Ganguly, Chandan Sen and Kaushik Sen were also present in the October 5 meeting.\"After attending the meeting on October 5, it now seems to be an emotional decision since I could not stop myself from being beside Bimal Chakraborty after I heard about the attack. However, it now seems that I made a mistake. When I was told about that meeting, I was never informed that it is being organised by a CPM-influenced forum,\" Bibhas Chakraborty clarified.Rudra Prasad Sengupta, on the other hand, sent a letter to Natya Swajan claiming that he was ignorant of the ulterior motive behind holding the meeting in front of Academy of Fine Arts earlier this month. Sengupta is in Nagpur at present.Criticising the attack on Bimal Chakraborty, Manoj Mitra said: \"Before calling for a meeting and attacking the CM, one should know if she was at all aware of the incident and if she had taken any action to anb the culprits.'Actor and theatre artist Manoj Mitra vehemently criticised the attack on Bimal Chakraborty. He said, \"I protest against the attcak and the residents of the state will come forward in his support.in the wake of the incident. The attack on theater artiste is nothig new. But portraying CM as an opposition is uncalled for.\" He added, \"Few people are trying to put political colour to the incident of attack on a theatre artiste.\"Arpita Ghosh said, \"Strangely only selected artists have been asked to join the meeting which was held on October 5, by sending sms-es. This proves that there is a hidden agenda. Such attack on Bengali theatre is nothing new. It had happend when Bratya Basu had staged Winkle-Twinkle or even when I was forced to stop staging the shows of Poshu-Khamar.\"Joint convener of Natyo Swajon, Debesh Chattopadhyay said, \"Compulsory waiting is a word attached only to the posts of IAS, IPS and WBCS. It is not applicable in the context of Bimal Chakraborty's inter-department transfer. None of these faces were visible when during the Left Front's regime one after another brutal blows were delivered on the stage productions and theatre artists.\"Thespian Saoli Mitra said, \"it is indeed unfortunate that the mudslinging is taking place infront of the Academy of Fine Arts.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16802731", "title": "Body of missing boy recovered", "text": "INDORE: Police have finally traced the body of Sudhir Swamy who escaped with Rs 21 lakh from the residence of his relative, but was killed later by his friends. Five persons were arrested in this connection. Police have also seized Rs 4,34,000 along with a car purchased with the money.Police said, 17-year-old Sudhir stole Rs 21 lakh from his maternal aunt's house to visit Goa with his friends. However, his friends who had a different plan, smothered him in the moving car and absconded with the money.Talking to media here on Saturday, superintendent of police (SP), west, Anil Singh Kushwaha said the police have arrested five accused including Arjun Singh Patel, Kalu alias Tejkaran, Sattar Shaw, Zakir Mohammad and Raja alias Fazal, all residents of Dhar district.Sudhir had discussed with his friends about his aunt having Rs 21 lakhs and jewellery and decided to steal it to go to Goa with them, informed SP Kushwaha.One day, all of a sudden, he called up one of his friends Arjun and informed him that he had stolen the money and reached Shirdi. Later , his friends met him near Saibaba temple. Arjun said he had forgotten his ID card and without it, he couldn't accompany them. So they all moved to Manmad in a four-wheeler in which Sattar and Zakir were sitting at front seat. Zakir was driving the car. Sudhir sat with Arjun and Kalu in the back seat. After covering about 25 kms, they smothered Sudhir till he died. They threw the body in a pit and covered it with stones. Later they distributed the money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16804659", "title": "Will it be trainer Malesh's Derby?", "text": "PUNE: Jockey-turned-trainer Malesh Narredu had a tremendous success in the Nanoli Stud Pune Derby as a jockey, with a record seven wins under his belt. Now he is trying his luck as a trainer for the first time. It is going to be a big Sunday for him when three of his trainees line up for the biggest race of the ongoing Pune Season.With good contenders like Shivalik Hero, Amazing Desire and Okavango in the fray among 10 contenders, it is going to be an acid test for the 42-year-old. \"Winning the Derby is every trainer's dream and I feel honoured that three of my wards are in fray\" Malesh told TOI.In fact, half of the Derby challengers this year are trained by Malesh but with An Acquired Taste and Angel Crown having shifted base to trainer Altamash, Malesh has only three horses left in contention for the crown.Which among the three he feels has the best chance? \"I give all of them equal chance. Let the best horse win,\" said Malesh.One of Malesh's contenders, Shivalik Hero, is being hailed as a possible winner and is owned by MAM Ramaswamy. Though Ramaswamy has all his horses with his private trainers S Ganapathy and his son Karthik Ganapathy, the legendary owner has decided to keep his recent purchase, Shivalik Hero, with Malesh.\"I have ridden many years for Dr Ramaswamy. He has always supported me and I'm grateful that he has faith in my ability,\" says the man who has more than 1700 wins to his credit , including 60 classics in his career as a jockey.The Narredu family has a tremendous record in the Pune Derby, having won it 10 times in 28 editions so far and it should not come as a surprise if one of Malesh's horses wins this time and adds to his record seven Pune Derby crowns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16804454", "title": "Crocodile scare spreads to Karmasya village", "text": "VADODARA: The crocodile scare refuses to leave Kodaravaya village and has in fact spread to a neighbouring village called Karmasya village even after the rescue of the biggest ever, allegedly man-eater crocodile, last week from the area.Despite the advice of forest department and wildlife non-governmental organizations (NGOs), residents of Kodaravaya village emptied out the huge village pond during the last three days to catch the two other crocodiles which had moved in with the 13-feet long 'gustave' of Vadodara district. After a teenager was dragged into the pond and killed by the crocodile two weeks ago, villagers had been agitating to remove the three from the pond.On Friday evening, some of the villagers noticed another 10-feet-long crocodile struggling to hide in the two-feet-deep water, which is left in the pond after the water was drained out. Meanwhile, residents of nearby Karmasya village reported sighting of another huge crocodile in their village pond where some smaller sized crocodiles were already present. \"The crocodile must have moved in during the night when Kodaravaya villagers were emptying their pond. But, here residents have told us that they would kill the reptile in case it attacked any human or cattle in their village,\" a volunteer with a wildlife NGO told TOI over phone from the village.Village sarpanch Ramanbhai told TOI, \"Some residents have told us about a new, big crocodile that has been seen in the village pond. It is difficult to see it due to the presence of lotus flowers in the pond, and we already have a few crocodiles in the pond. We are keeping an eye on the pond and we would be seeking the help of the forest department.\"Meanwhile, Kodaravaya sarpanch Dhirender Patel said, \"We broke the bank of the pond to let the water flow into the nearby Ajwa sarovar, and now only two feet of water remains in the pond. One crocodile seems to have escaped, but the other remains. Our people have not taken their cattle to the pond since the last two weeks and are waiting for this crocodile to be removed too.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16802585", "title": "CM calls on President, Prime Minister", "text": "BHOPAL: Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chauhan called on President Pranab Mukherjee in New Delhi on Saturday and requested him to give his consent and time for laying the foundation stone of Atal Bihari Vajpayee Hindi Vishwavidyalaya at Bhopal.The President assured the chief minister for sparing some time for laying the foundation stone of Hindi Vishwavidyalaya as early as possible.Chouhan also called on Prime Minister Manmohan Singh at the latter's residence in New Delhi and apprised him of about houses allotted under the Indira Awas Yojna in the state, coal linkage and condition of national highways in Madhya Pradesh. The Prime Minister gave a patient hearing to the issues raised by Chouhan and assured of early decisions.Drawing the Prime Minister's attention towards pending cases of annual allotment of houses under Indira Awas Yojna, Chouhan informed that only 84,358 houses have been allotted to Madhya Pradesh. Chouhan urged the Prime Minister that annual allotment under the Indira Awas Yojna should be increased to 3.83 lakh units. Similarly, 1.6 houses should be allotted for forest dwellers under the Vanadhikhar Adhiniyam and 1.02 lakh houses under the Homestead Scheme.He said that target of houses fixed for Madhya Pradesh is less than that for Assam , Bihar and Uttar Pradesh. Chouhan informed the Prime Minister that the energy minister had written to the coal ministry in 2010 for coal linkage for 660 MW unit of Shri Singaji Thermal Power Project Phase-2. The project is unable to get environmental clearance in the absence of coal linkage and its work has come to a standstill. He urged for environmental clearance to the project at the earliest.Chouhan also apprised the Prime Minister of the national highways' condition in the state. He urged that the work of maintenance of national highways should be taken over by the Prime Minister's Office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16805005", "title": "4 of family, student killed in accident", "text": "LUDHIANA: Five persons, including four members of a family, died in a road accident on Saturday morning at Sidhwan Kalan on Ludhiana-Jagraon stretch. While the four members of a family died after the Innova they were travelling in collided head on with the Punjab Roadways bus, one more person, a student, died after the two vehicles hit him. Four other persons \u2014 the driver of Innova and three members of the same family \u2014 were seriously injured and admitted in Dayanand Medical College and Hospital.Personnel at Sadar police station, Jagraon, said six members of a family from Talwandi Sobha Singh in Tarn Taran district had gone to Delhi to receive their relatives Sherjeet Singh and his wife Sandeep Kaur who had returned from Australia early Saturday morning. They added that at 7.15am after reaching near Sidhwan Kalan village near Jagraon, the vehicle they were travelling in was allegedly hit by a Punjab Roadways bus.While Sandeep Kaur, her daughter Supreet Kaur, Sherjeet's father Kulwant Singh and mother Manjeet Kaur died on the spot, four others -Kuldeep Singh, Sherjeet, Baljinder Singh and Jaswinder Singh - received injuries and were rushed to DMCH, where they are undergoing treatment. They added that a student, Rovinpreet Singh, who was walking on the road was hit by the vehicles and died on the spot. He is the son of Jaswant Singh of Bharaich village.Sadar police station, Jagraon, SHO Rashpal Singh said: \"We registered a case under sections 279, 337, 338, 304-D and 427 of IPC and have started investigations. Driver of roadways bus Gurmeet Singh has been arrested.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16803250", "title": "Mystery fever claims 4th life in 4 days", "text": "CHENNAI: A Class 12 student of Ayanavaram who was suffering from fever for three days and was being treated at a private hospital, was declared brought dead at the government general hospital on Saturday.Earlier in the day, a 26-year-old resident of the Ice House police quarters in Triplicane died at the Government Royapettah Hospital (GRH) of fever of unknown origin. The Ayanavaram boy's death is the fourth such case in the city in the last one week.Three and a-half-year-old Madhumitha of a village near Ponneri, admitted with fever, died at the Institute of Child Health and Hospital in Egmore on Wednesday,. Her relatives were told dengue was suspected, but doctors said the tests weren't positive. On Tuesday, 26-year-old Sathya of Madhavaram died at the Stanley Medical College Hospital of an unknown fever.Samji Solomon Raj, who died on Friday, was the son of a former sub-inspector at the Seven Wells police station and was a sales executive with a textile showroom on Luz Church Road. He began suffering from fever about 20 days ago. \"At first, the fever kept coming and going. We kept him in a 24-hours clinic on Lloyd's Road for three days,\" said his younger brother D Ranjith. Samji recovered a bit and returned to work before the fever returned in a few days.This time, Samji was unable to walk, eat anything without vomiting and his urine had turned yellow. He was admitted to a clinic in Neelankarai on a friend's recommendation. \"There, too, he was given the usual treatment of IV drips,\" said Ranjith. Samji was discharged in three days after a partial recovery. \"His temperature had dropped. He was able to stand up and eat a little,\" he said.Around a week ago, the fever returned and Samji also developed chicken pox, said his younger brother. His lips had begun to bleed and swelling up on one side. The family admitted him to the Government Royapettah Hospital on Tuesday. \"The doctors said his condition was serious and he was taken to the ICU. They were only giving him blood transfusions and IV drips,\" said Ranjith. On Thursday, they decided to test him for dengue and HIV and a sample for dengue test was sent to the King Institute of Preventive Medicine in Guindy. \"Doctors told us to come back on Tuesday,\" said Ranjith. A dengue serology test normally takes only 24 hours.Though symptoms such as body weakness, high temperature and inability to eat point towards dengue, the medical report said Samji died of \"fever of unknown origin, acute respiratory distress syndrome, multi organ dysfunction syndrome followed by sepsis and cardio-respiratory arrest.\"GRH resident medical officer A Elango said Samji suffered from a condition called pancytomia, which causes the number of red blood cells, white blood cells and platelets to drop from 10,000 to 200. \"The cause of the fever remains a mystery, but it has led to this condition which caused multiple organ failure. When admitted he already had fever for 20 days and weakness in all limbs,\" he said.Sudhakar, the Class 12 student who was being treated for fever last three days at a private hospital in Ayanavaram, complained of breathing problems on Saturday and was rushed to the GH where he was declared 'brought dead'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16802911", "title": "250 tricycles for disabled gather dust", "text": "NEW DELHI: In what bears testimony to the corporations' apathy towards the disabled, special tricycles acquired specially for them have been gathering dust for over three years now. And the agencies try to explain it away by claiming there are no takers for the 250-odd tricycles. This despite the Delhi government putting the total number of disabled people in the city at 2,35,886 - 1.7% of the city's population, according to 2001 Census.\"We procured the tricycles three years ago. Most of them were distributed but some still remain. Though a list was prepared before placing the orders, there weren't too many takers at the time of distribution. The cost of one tricycle is about Rs 3,000,\" said Yogender Chandolia, chairman, standing committee, North Delhi Municipal Corporation.However, NGOs and people fighting for the rights of the disabled, are angry to see the tricycles go to waste. \"There are so many disabled people in the city. The corporation has not made any efforts to reach out to them. In the absence of proper infrastructure, their movement is already constrained. These tricycles could have benefited many people. And they don't even come cheap. So many people are not even aware that the corporation sets aside funds for the handicapped and has a provision for tricycles. They should advertise to create awareness about such schemes. The government's figures are conservative - the disabled comprise 6-7% of the city's population,\" said Javed Abidi, convener, Disabled Rights' Group.Some NGOs are organizing camps on their own initiative to get these tricycles for disabled people. \"Last week, in Mangolpuri an NGO organized a camp where differently-abled people were asked to put forward their requests. Over 50 applications were received from Mangolpuri for tricycles. This flies in the face of the corporation's defence that there are no takers. The municipal officials don't even find out how many disabled people are staying in their areas. It's nothing but a scam,\" said Pradeep Raj, general secretary, Association for Disabled People.Recently, the issue was flagged up in the North Corporation's house meeting as the tricycles are dumped in the Civil Lines storeroom. The mayor and the commissioner, however, closed the issue by saying \"we will look into the matter\".Even as the corporations maintain there are no takers, the south and north corporations have earmarked Rs 49.4 lakh for buying wheelchairs, while the east corporation has set aside Rs 31.2 lakh. \"We have been asking for tricycles for quite some time, but the corporations are letting them lie idle, so that they can eventually sell them to a scrap dealer and make some money. It's painful to see public money get wasted,\" said Ashok Bhasin, president, North Delhi Resident Welfare Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16807522", "title": "Kejriwal trying to gain 'cheap popularity': Narayanasamy", "text": "CHENNAI: Stepping up its attack against anti-graft activist Arvind Kejriwal , Congress charged him with trying to \"gain cheap popularity\" by levelling charges against Union law minister Salman Khurshid in connection with an organisation being run by his family.\"This is cheap popularity. He does not know what is democracy, parliamentary procedures. He wants popularity and is using the media for this,\" Congress leader and minister of state in the PMO, V Narayanasamy said on Sunday.Speaking to reporters at the airport here, he said Kejrival would one day \"feel the heat and learn a lesson.\"Defending Khurshid, he said there were no irregularities and maintained it was a private transaction where there was \"no proof to show government support.\"\"Kejriwal is maligining people. He will feel the heat and learn a lesson,\" the minister said adding a 100 slogan-shouting persons cannot \"decide the fate of the country.\"He charged Kejriwal with furnishing \"bogus account,\" regarding the money collected for social activist Anna Hazare's fast in Delhi demanding Lokpal.Kejriwal had accused that Khurshid's NGO siphoned off money meant for disabled. The minister's wife and director of the NGO, Louise Khurshid, had described them as \"baseless innuendos\" and accused the activist of \"doing politics using the shoulders of the disabled.\"On the Cauvery issue, with Supreme Court endorsing the Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's ruling as head of Cauvery River Authority asking Karnataka to release 9000 cusecs of water to Tamil Nadu, Narayanasamy said that state had \"no other alternative\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16804965", "title": "Education loan mela gets overwhelming response", "text": "MADURAI: The education loan mela organised by the district administration on Saturday received an overwhelming response as 1,800 applications for education loans were received on a single day in which 200 students were given spot sanction. As many as 25 banks, most of them nationalized, and few private banks participated in the mela. From morning onwards, applicants started assembling at the collectorate campus with their parents. The administration made special arrangements for students to get income certificate and PAN card along side the loan mela.Lead Bank Manager K N Subramanian said the response was overwhelming on Saturday and the banks received as many as 1,800 applications in a single day. \"Among the applications, we have sanctioned spot loans for 200 applications and another 100 applicants received in-principle sanctions. We will clear the remaining 1,500 applications within 15 to 20 days and we are positive there will not be many rejections. We estimate nearly 98 percent of the applicants to qualify for the loans,\" he said. Earlier, during the loan mela, Subramanian said all the applicants will be given a reference number for follow up and they can follow up the loan application with the respective banker.District collector Anshul Mishra, inspecting the loan mela, told media that the district administration had decided to conduct such an education loan mela after they received a number of petitions from the public in this regard. \"There is a good response from the banker's side as well since 25 banks are participating in the event. All the eligible candidates will be provided bank loans as per guidelines,\" Mishra said. The recipients should utilise the loans to come up in their lives and repay the banks diligently,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16804822", "title": "IIT-Kanpur\u2019s \u2018Jugnu\u2019 completes one-year journey in space", "text": "KANPUR: Nano-satellite 'Jugnu' developed by students of IIT-Kanpur completed a year in space on October 12. Jugnu was launched into space last year with help of Polar Satellite Space Vehicle (PSLV) C-18 from Satish Dhawan Space Centre in Sriharikota, Andhra Pradesh. The achievement for the premier institute is that the satellite has outlived its predicted life of six months and is doing well even now.For the first 15 days of its launch, Jugnu was controlled by experts at Indian Space Research Organisation's (ISRO) Satellite Tracking Centre in Bangalore. Later, it was tracked and controlled by students at the ground station set up at IIT-Kanpur for the purpose.Talking to TOI, Shantanu Agarwal, student head for the project said the satellite is no longer being tracked by IIT students, but there is probability that ISRO scientists are still tracking it. Nevertheless, he termed project Jugnu to be one of the most complex projects the institute had undertaken. He said it was a fascinating experience for the entire team to develop the nano-satellite and witness its successful launch.It is important to mention that Jugnu was developed over a span of two years. For most part, non-space grade, commercial off-the-shelf (COTS) components were used in the nano-satellite to keep its cost low. Unlike conventional satellites which have a large number of redundant systems, Jugnu had minimal redundancies at component level. Jugnu had to undergone rigorous tests like Thermo Vaccum Tests, Vibration Tests, Electronic Magnetic Interference Test during its development process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "peshawar", "code": "16805067", "title": "Car bomb blast in Pakistan market kills 18; 40 hurt", "text": "PESHAWAR: At least 18 people were killed and over 40 wounded when an explosive-laden car went off near a marketplace in Pakistan's northwestern town of Dara Adamkhel on Saturday.The target of the attack appeared to be the office of a pro-government militia set up to fight the Taliban, local security officials said. It was unclear how many people were there at the time of the attack, but officials said passers-by as well as local elders of the militia were among the victims.\"Five of the wounded, two of them children, were critical,\" said Naeem Khan , a senior police officer. Most of the wounded were taken to hospitals in Peshawar and the nearby garrison town of Kohat as local facilities could not cope with the situation.Some 20 shops and over a dozen vehicles were damaged in the explosion, officials said. No militant group immediately claimed responsibility for the attack, but Pakistani Taliban have staged a number of such attacks against local elders in the town, who had formed peace committees to expel militants and had helped authorities in operations against insurgents.Since 2007, Pakistani military had carried out several operations in Dara Adamkhel to bring the region under control but has so far failed to break the network of terrorists. One of the strategies against the Taliban was to revive the traditional militias of tribesmen, who are now the focus of attacks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16804725", "title": "Which laptop is right for you?", "text": "Tech Tonic reviews and recommends notebook PCs costing around 35,000, for gaming, portability and general computing.The All-RounderTo qualify as an all-rounder, the machine must have a large screen, good speakers for multimedia playback, connectivity options such as Bluetooth and sufficient USB ports, a decent webcam, et al. It has to be a machine that lets you work, watch movies, and even play games.The HP Pavilion G6-2101TU fits the bill. During our use, we found it to be pretty fast in launching programs, packing and unpacking Zip files, and multi-tasking. At the moment, it is one of the few mainstream laptops in this price range to be powered by the new 3rd-generation Intel Core i processors. It has average battery life, lasting almost four hours of continuous FullHD video playback.What we like: The 3rd gen Core i3 processor is great for an all-purpose machine. It can even run demanding 3D games like Call Of Duty: Modern Warfare 3 at low graphics settings. Plus, there is ample storage on offer and lots of connectivity options. Sound output from in-built Altec Lansing speakers is loud and clear. The screen is bright and renders colours well. Of course, like most other laptops, the viewing angles are bad.What we don't like: In its default configuration, the laptop comes with just 2GB RAM. But users can add upgrade to 4GB for another 1,000. While 2GB RAM is sufficient at the moment for normal use, we would recommend the upgrade to futureproof your purchase.The keys are too small for such a big laptop. They also feel as if they are made from cheap plastic, making typing an unpleasant experience. While the trackpad is responsive, the left- and right-click buttons are too stiff.Alternatives : In case you want more RAM and a better CPU, take a look at the Lenovo Essential G580 ( 34,500 approx) or the Samsung NP300E5X-A01IN ( 33,500 approx). Both are powered by the 3rd gen Intel Core i5 3210M processor. While we haven't reviewed these, in our experience, Lenovo laptops have very good keyboards. The Samsung machine claims a better battery life, but again, we haven't tested it ourselves. However, both notebooks come with DOS, so you may have to either run a Linux OS like Ubuntu or spend a few thousand rupees on Windows.SPECS : 15.6-inch screen (1366x768) | 2.4 GHz dual-core Intel Core i3-3110M CPU | 2GB RAM | Intel HD 4000 graphics | 500GB HDD | 8X DVD Burner | Wi-Fi, Bluetooth | 2xUSB3.0, 1xUSB2.0, Ethernet, HDMI, VGA ports | 1.3MP webcam, Altec Lansing Dolby Advanced audio, built-in mic | 2.47kg | 7 hours of average use (some work, web browsing and multimedia) | Windows 7 Home Basic (64-bit)Rating : 6.5/10Price : Rs 35,000The Gamer's BeastYou aren't going to get a high-end gaming machine in this budget, but there are options that smoothly run recent games like Crysis 2 and Rage.The Acer V3-551G is powered by an AMD Radeon HD 7670M graphics card. This card works along with the secondary Radeon 7640G chip inside the main processor unit for even better graphics performance.In our tests, Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3 ran at high quality settings, Crysis 2 at medium, and Battlefield 3 at low. To put it in perspective, the V3-551G will give a smooth gaming experience for most titles. But you may have to buy a mouse for a more fulfilling experience.What we like: Never before have we seen such good gaming performance from a notebook that is priced so low. The build quality of the laptop is very good. It's all glossy plastic but it feels sturdy, and the keys feel nice too.What we don't like: The battery life is below average. The V3-551G lasted a little over 3 hours of continuous FullHD video playback. The buttons on the trackpad wobble, making them feel low quality. The AMD processor, despite being quad-core, is not as fast and responsive as Intel's dual-core 3rd-gen Ivy Bridge CPUs. During gaming, the left side of the laptop gets too hot, especially where the keyboard is.Alternatives : For this budget, the Acer V3-551G is as good as it gets for a gaming laptop. If you don't want Acer, take a look at the HP Pavilion G6-2005AX ( 34,600 approx), which has virtually the same hardware. If you can up your budget to around 40,000, the Lenovo Ideapad Z580 ( 40,000 approx) is a good option, touting an Ivy Bridge processor and Nvidia 630M graphics card. Its gaming performance is likely to be on par with the Acer V3-551G, but Lenovo will have better battery life.SPECS : 15.6-inch screen (1366x768) | 1.9GHz quad-core AMD A8 4500M CPU | 4GB RAM | AMD Radeon HD 7670M + 7640G graphics | 500GB HDD | 8X DVD Burner | Wi-Fi, Bluetooth | 1xUSB3.0, 2xUSB2.0, Ethernet, HDMI, VGA ports | 1.3MP webcam, speakers with Dolby support, built-in mic | 2.6kg | 6 hours of average use (some work, web browsing and multimedia) | Windows 7 Home Basic (64-bit)Rating: 7/10Price: Rs 34,600One for the road", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16803294", "title": "Worker crushed in cement mixer", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 40-year-old labourer who was cleaning a cement mixer on Saturday evening was crushed to death when his brother-in-law accidentally turned on the machine.The accident was reported from Subhash Maidan in north Delhi.Police have registered a case of causing death due to negligence against the deceased's brother-in-law Avdesh.Police said Vishwanath, a native of Raipur in Chhattisgarh, was cleaning the machine around 5pm at the site of an underground parking.The construction has been on for the past one-and-a-half years and Vishwanath used to live at the construction site.Avdesh reportedly turned on the machine and left for a drink of water.\"He returned in a few minutes and found the machine had stopped working. When he checked, he found Vishwanath's body inside\" said a police officer.Vishwanath married 10 years ago and has two sons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "16805024", "title": "Malala row: Taliban vow to hit media", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Angered by the coverage of its attempt to assassinate teenage rights activist Malala Yousufzai, the banned Tehrik-e-Taliban Pakistan has drawn up plans to target Pakistani and international media organizations across the country.Pakistani Taliban chief Hakimullah Mehsud has issued \"special directions\" to his subordinates in different cities of Pakistan to target media groups, BBC Urdu reported.An unnamed interior ministry official said intelligence agencies had intercepted a phone conversation between Mehsud and a subordinate named Nadeem Abbas alias Intiqami, in which the Taliban chief was heard directing Abbas to attack media organizations.Mehsud directed Abbas to target offices of media groups in Karachi, Lahore, Rawalpindi, Islamabad and other cities. Media groups and personalities who were denouncing the Taliban after the attack on Malala should be the focus of such attacks.The interior ministry has issued orders to beef up security near the offices of media organizations in Pakistan following Mehsud's call, the official told BBC Urdu.Authorities have been directed to deploy additional policemen in areas where media offices are located.The help of the Frontier Constabulary will be sought if needed, the official said.The chief commissioner of Islamabad and chief secretaries of the four provinces have been directed to meet owners of media groups and address their security concerns.The ministry has also alerted religious scholars who had publicly denounced the Taliban to be cautious, the official said.Most newspapers and television news channels have been very critical of the Taliban following the attack on 14-year-old Malala on Tuesday in Swat , a former stronghold of the militants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16807967", "title": "36,000 additional fresh voters registered for 16 seats of Surat", "text": "SURAT: With polling for coming State assembly fixed on December, 13, 2012 in the region of South Gujarat , constant amendment in the voters list is going on in full swing.Election commission branch for the Surat city and district has already added 36,000 new voters in the list of existing 33,97,288 by September end. It has also deleted 39,000 names from the list and shifted 4600 voters from one assembly segment to the other. \" We will continue amendment of voters list and we plan to prepare the voters list that has photographs of all the voters in the list .We have instructed booth level officers to go door to door and collect photographs of the voters whose pictures are not in the voters list .\" said Nodal officer of Surat district .Surat city and district has 16 assembly seats and the number of new or first time voters amounts to nearly 10 per cent of the total votes in the area. No political party could afford to ignore these new or first time voters as with increase in number of seats and new demarcation of assembly segment coming in force for the first time , could upset all calculations .It is expected that as many as 8 of these 16 assembly seats would be won and lost by a political party with just 5-7 per cent vote difference . On couple of seats the difference between winning and losing would not even cross four figures. \" It is a must for us to get all the prospective voters registered in time that could help our cause.\" Said a worker from a political party. In Katargam assembly segment 7,000 new voters are registered, Choryasi 5,000, Limbayat 4000, Varacha 4,000and Majura 2500 new voters are registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16804091", "title": "University of Pune to plug loopholes in exam norms", "text": "PUNE: University of Pune (UoP) vice-chancellor W N Gade has appointed a three-member panel to recommend changes in the ordinances that govern the varsity exam works. The move is aimed at plugging loopholes in the prevailing norms and check irregular claims of exam work remuneration by college authorities.UoP exam reforms committee chairman Nandakumar Nikam informed members of the VC's decision during the question hour session of the university senate, which met on Saturday. Gade chaired the meeting.Senate member Milind Wagh raised the issue of remuneration claims made by the principal of a college at Lasalgaon in Nashik district for three different posts - principal, custodian and external senior supervisor - for the same university exam.Following a complaint by the teachers' association, the UoP had initiated an inquiry against the principal concerned and has now served him a notice to recover Rs 50,000 for irregular claims.Senate members said the university administration had been caught napping as it had cleared undue claims by the Lasalgaon college principal for the last four years without noticing any irregularity.Replying on behalf of the university, Nikam conceded that the remuneration claims were indeed irregular and the UoP's lapses committee, which was given the probe report, would recommend further punitive action against the principal after the recovery of the excess money.\"We have to make changes in the exam ordinances to ensure that there is no recurrence of such irregularity,\" he said. \"We discussed this issue with the VC and a three-member panel will study and suggest changes in the ordinances,\" he added.Another member, Dattatreya Balsaraf, raised the larger issue of college principals being overburdened with different types of varsity exam work. \"Often, external senior supervisors assigned by the university do not report to the college during the exam. The principal is forced to make alternative arrangements in such a case to ensure that the exam begins on the scheduled time,\" he said.The members debated whether the principal has the power under the UoP rules to make such alternative arrangements. Senate member Arun Walunj said there is a pattern of college principals engaging teachers from nearby colleges as external supervisors for successive papers at a stretch on the grounds that the varsity nominee did not turn up. \"This smacks of an unholy nexus,\" he said.Nikam said, \"The principal is not authorised to make alternative arrangements. But, as a practical solution to ensure timely start of an exam, he/she can engage an external from a nearby college upon an oral request from the university, which later regularises the arrangement on paper.\"The exam reforms committee has sought appointment of a 'college exam officer' who will be the custodian of all exam works, he said. He said, \"A provision for punitive action against university-assigned teachers not reporting for external supervision during exam will also have to be made in the ordinance.\"Meanwhile, issues related to poor living conditions at the university hostels for students, substandard food quality at the two UoP messes, and continuing problems with the varsity's online and manual exam works dominated the discussions for the better part of the day. The senate debated a slew of adjournment motions on these issues between 11 am and 4 pm.Gade said in his reply that the state of hostel infrastructure is the result of neglect by successive varsity administrations over the last five to six years. \"We have taken serious note and are making an honest effort to address these issues through two committees. Student-centric facilities like hostels, mess, library and security will get top priority.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "new delhi/chandigarh", "code": "16803215", "title": "\u2018Punjab\u2019s investment plan blueprint ready\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI/CHANDIGARH: Buoyed by the success of mega Bathinda oil refinery and several upcoming power plants, Punjab government's newly-constituted investment promotion department drew its first blood after it finalised the investment plan blueprint with captains of industry in Delhi, including export of power and cotton on Saturday.The decision aimed at holistic development of the state with a focus on education, health and infrastructure was approved by Punjab's deputy CM Sukhbir Badal who heads the new portfolio\"Get ready for our road shows in various states and countries to attract investment in infrastructure, industry and trade sector showcasing the policy frame work,\" Badal Jr told TOI over the phone. \"Three big power plants are to be commissioned by early 2013. So, the fears of industrialists have already been allayed. This is the first big meeting where we have decided to prepare the blueprint on industries coming here and the trade of power and some new items,\" he said.On October 10, TOI had reported the introduction of investment promotion department and Punjab investment advisory council (PAIC) and its sub-committees in the Punjab cabinet.Based on the reports of sub-committees, Punjab government's new department would tweak its policies, firm up legislative business and draw a comprehensive holistic development policy for the state.This was the 3rd meeting of Punjab advisory council held in which industrial giants like Hero Group's MD SK Munjal, Fortis Health care Malvinder Singh, DLF vice-president Mohit Gujral, Airtel Bharti Group's Rakesh Bharti Mittal ,Nahar group chairman Kamal Oswal and SEL group head Neeraj Saluja, Trident Group president Rajinder Gupta held a six-hour intensive discussion to finalize a model of investment policyThe meeting approved the final plans to set up industrial clusters and work on acquisition of land for Derabassi cluster. Opening of new industrial districts of Ropar, Hoshiarpur, Pathankot and Gurdaspur were also part of the meeting.Badal said that contribution by agriculture to industry was below 6% and needed to be taken to a minimum 40%. He also announced that trade between India and Pakistan through Punjab was imperative for the state's growth\"The chief secretary had recently visited Pakistan and they have already agreed to allow export of 6,000 items equivalent to Karachi port through Wagah border and India and Pakistan both have agreed to upgrade infrastructure on the border to meet the requirement of expected fivefold increase in export,\" said Badal JrThe export from Wagah border is at present Rs 2 billion and is expected to rise to Rs 10 billion in next 3 years through the newly opened integrated check post.Badal Jr will be visiting Pakistan next month along with industry delegation to work out the modalities. Punjab government has already announced in the past that it wants to make Amritsar an international tourist hub.\"Soon, a heritage village, a boutique hotel in Gobindgarh Fort and entertainment hub in Wagah border would put Amritsar on international tourist circuit,\" Badal Jr confirmed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16808183", "title": "Honey Singh enthralls jam packed audience", "text": "This is not the first time he has performed in the NCR but rapper Honey Singh, the man behind hits like 'Brown Rang' and 'Angrezi Beat', still manages to pull a large number of crowd at his gigs.The rapper performed at the Huda Gymkhana club yesterday in the presence of more than 6000 people. His hour and a long performance was not enough for people as they kept chanting \"We want more\".Besides crooning his hit tracks like 'High Heel', 'Dope Shope', 'Brown Rang' and 'Angrezi Beat', Singh also remixed Akon's 'Chamak Challo' from 'Ra.One' . On stage singing along with him were his team Mafia Mundeer's singers Alfaz, J Star and Money Aujla.\"Honey Singh brings in new kind of music and he is just great... I had been waiting for long to see his performance and I am happy that I came here, it was worth the money,\" said Aanchal, a college student.And it was not only the youngsters who attended the concert but they were families and aged people who were seen dancing and humming the rapper's tracks.Singh shot to fame when his track 'Brown Rang' went viral on YouTube. Since then he has performed in various cities, clubs and has also given tracks in Bollywood films like 'Cocktail' and 'Luv Shuv Tey Chicken Khurana'.\"As we are coming up with our new project in Gurgaon and our theme of the project is leisure during work, so we thought why not let the world know about our project by having a Honey Singh concert,\" said organiser Sushant Muttreja from real estate developer Cosmic structure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16804466", "title": "Youth parliament at Banaras Hindu University", "text": "VARANASI: A number of contentious issues including setting up of the student union were discussed in the 'Youth Parliament' organised by students at Banaras Hindu University (BHU) on Saturday.The unique parliamentarian session was organised to mark the 150th birth anniversary of Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya, BHU founder and a great visionary by the steering committee of the 150th anniversary function and Faculty of Law, BHU.Students from different faculties and affiliated colleges participated in the session.Following the same pattern as in the Lok Sabha , students enacted the roles of the ruling and opposition parties and posed questions to each other in the question hour. Besides, local issues of the city, especially insanitary conditions, pathetic conditions of roads, and lack of civic amenities leaving a bad impression on tourists were also raised on the occasion.Dr Lalji Singh, vice chancellor of BHU, who was present on the occasion, said, \"The proceedings of the parliamentary session will be screened for all students in Swatantratra Bhawan soon. Good political representatives are produced by conducting such events, not just by formation of a students union.\" He said he has been receiving messages from across the globe condemning the recent agitation led by some students in the varsity premises.He further said, \"99 percent of the students of the university are not bothered about a students union. Few students who have lost all respect for teachers and fellow students cannot be allowed to hold the whole university to ransom.\"Interdisciplinary credit system to start at Banaras Hindu UniversityBanaras Hindu University (BHU) plans to introduce interdisciplinary credit systems in the coming years.Vice chancellor Dr Lalji Singh said as per the pattern followed by international universities, BHU students studying in a particular faculty can enroll in other subjects of different faculties on a special credit basis.\"If, for instance, someone of IIT-BHU wants to learn performing arts, he or she can attend classes and earn credits for the same. We are in discussion with few international universities and credits will be exchanged as per the interest of the students,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "16804371", "title": "Authorities to ensure better disaster management system", "text": "KANNUR: Having learnt lessons from the Iritty flash floods and the Chala LPG tanker mishap, the district is all set to strengthen its disaster management tactics. As part of this the district health department will launch an ambitious drive to sensitize and train people, health workers and the health institutions on disaster management.\"Though we have enough facilities to handle disasters, people are still unaware of how to act during an emergency, as was witnessed in Chala, where 20 lives were lost and many people were injured,\" DMO R Ramesh told TOI. \"If they were aware of the ways to handle a disaster, many lives could have been saved,\" he said.\"Capacity building among people of various departments is of utmost importance in handling an emergency and that would be the focus area of the programme. Health workers would be given special training as they have a vital role to play post disaster,\" said Ramesh.Doctors and staff nurses in government and private hospitals would also be trained in disaster management.\"It was reported that some private hospitals refused to admit the injured in the Chala mishap. In order to avoid such instances in future, we should sensitize them and ensure that there is coordination among the private and government hospitals, and also various government departments,\" he said.In a recent meeting of the district disaster management committee, district collector Rathan Kelkar had suggested that a quick response team (QRT) should be set up in the district to coordinate the disaster management works.\"We should make sure that such tragedies are not repeated in future due to the failure in disaster management works,\" said the DMO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16803341", "title": "RTI activists protest against PM\u2019s statement", "text": "NEW DELHI: RTI activists have registered a strong protest against PM Manmohan Singh's statement cautioning against misuse of the information Act by those filing vexatious applications and inclusion of public private partnerships (PPP) within its ambit.The National Campaign for People's Right to Information (NCPRI), led by Aruna Roy, expressed concern that the PM's statement could strengthen those who were in favour of weakening the Act.Strongly opposing any move to dilute the law, NCPRI and other civil society groups said that they had hoped that the PM's speech would call for a more energetic and vibrant RTI regime. \"The concerns expressed by the PM will support and pass a signal to those who want to dilute and weaken the act that they support from the highest quarters. Citizens will be deprived of a transparent and accountable system,\" the statement said.On the issue of \"frivolous and vexatious\" applications the PM had expressed concern about the misuse of the Act in demanding information the disclosure of which cannot possibly serve any public purpose. Activists said that that the terms were \"undefinable and arbitrary and any application can be termed \"vexatious and frivolous\" as per the whim and fancy of a public information officer. Any move to sanction rejection of applications on this basis would cripple the RTI Act.\"On the issue of inclusion of inclusion of PPPs within the ambit of the Act, the PM had said that the issue was complicated, but \"blanket extension of the act to such bodies may discourage private enterprises to enter into partnerships with the public sector entity'.' The activists have rebutted this argument by saying that many people saw PPP as a \"ploy\" by government to escape its responsibilities and accountability. Removing them from the purview of the RTI Act in any way will make them unaccountable and opaque, the activists said.RTI activist S C Agrawal agreed saying that most scams and scandals were possible because of the \"unholy alliance of private sector with public authorities. Does PM wish to give an endorsement to such corrupt public-private partnerships by diluting RTI Act?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16803478", "title": "Govt proposes special police cell for urban development", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra home department on Friday cleared a proposal to set up a dedicated police cell to monitor growth of illegal construction, encroachment and crimes related to urban development in the city. The cell will work as an ancillary branch of the Mumbai police's Economic Offences Wing (EOW), which deals with land-related fraud and money transfer.The government resolution has been extended simultaneously to the corporations of Mumbai, Navi Mumbai, Thane, Kalyan-Dombivli, Mira-Bhayander, Pimpri-Chinchwad and Pune. The new cell, assigned with the power to register, investigate and file chargesheets in a case, will work under the command of the commissioner of police. \"This new cell will help end the reign of slumlords and mafia rampant in most corners of the city,\" said a state official.The cell will be authorized to impose various sections including BMC Act, 1988, Maharashtra Regional and Town Planning Act (MRTP) 1966 Act and the Maharashtra Slum Improvement Act, 2005. \"This GR is a win-win situation for the municipal corporations and the police as the former will get a dedicated force while the latter gets to develop its existing strength at little or no cost. The idea developed as local police were unable to monitor municipal property and black money in land,\" said a senior home department official.In Mumbai, the cell will have a staff of 28, the highest rank being that of assistant police inspector. A dedicated force of 1,100 personnel will also be assigned for bandobast duty during demolition drives. Most of the officers will be deputed from within the department and subsequently trained to deal with land and construction-related issues and modus operandi applied in carrying out illegal construction work. The force, officials said, will deal with specific cases related to illegal construction, coordinate with agencies and be held accountable for the growth of squatters.The force will be paid for completely by the municipal corporations, who will have to make a budgetary allotment and make advance payment to the government. A resolution will soon be forwarded to corporations, which will have to unanimously adopt it or select the option of voluntary rejection. \"By assigning financial powers, we have made sure the corporations have control over the force and at the same time the police receives money to develop the unit,\" said an official.Based on the demand made by the civic bodies, the state cabinet had in 2009 cleared a draft proposal to set up a corporation-controlled special force and police stations to deal with illegal construction. But no details were chalked out then since the legal framework didn't allow a force under the corporations. Both the corporation and police have had a less than cordial relationship over the implementation of the MRTP Act and police support during demolition drives. Civic officials said its complaints are often not registered at police stations. Moreover, lack of a dedicated police force for these issues result in delays. Police, in turn, said nearly 250 cases related to MRTP are pending since the corporation does not give sanction for prosecution. Instead, it more often than not regularizes MRTP cases under its discretionary powers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16803333", "title": "Italian naval guards fate makes CISF wary of guarding Indian merchant ships", "text": "NEW DELHI: India's action against Italian naval guards, who shot dead two Kerala fishermen approaching their ship in February, has come back to haunt its own force.Government wants Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) to guard Indian merchant vessels against Somali pirates, but the force is wary of taking up the responsibility. CISF personnel worry that in the absence of clarity and strict adherence to international laws and UN Convention on the Law of the Sea (UNCLOS), they might meet the same fate as the Italians in some other country.On February 15, two Italian marines guarding an Italian oil tanker traveling to Egypt shot dead two fishermen mistaking them for pirates off Kerala coast. The marines were arrested and charged with murder, and the ship was detained.The incident opened a debate on whether India had the jurisdiction to charge and try the marines as the offence did not happen in its territorial waters.According to UNCLOS, to which India along with 161 nations is a signatory, the territory of a country extends only till 12 nautical miles beyond which its penal laws would not be applicable except for those relating to taxation, Customs, immigration and pollution. The incident, involving Italians, occurred beyond 20 nautical miles.\"It only shows that enforceability of UNCLOS is at the discretion of a particular country. The action of the marines, however irresponsible, was not with criminal intent. We could face the same situation in another country and be at their mercy,\" said a CISF official.Interestingly, not all countries with a coast are signatories of UNCLOS. Even the US is yet to sign it. \"Then, there are those countries, such as Somalia, which have an interest in maritime piracy. One can never be sure such countries will honour international conventions should a situation like the Italians arise. Conflicts such as these will then go in the diplomatic realm that has its own pace of resolving issues,\" said a CISF officer.The government is aware of the pitfalls and the effect it might have on the morale of the men guarding the ships, but it hopes higher remuneration and international exposure that the job offers will attract young CISF men. Mercenaries on foreign vessels earn $1,000 a day. CISF personnel hope to get paid at least $500 a day since they are in a way guarding country's commercial interests.A senior CISF official said, \"All we can do is train the men in maritime security, apprise them on international laws and standard operating procedures and then hope that they do not face a situation where such mistakes may occur. Rest is professional hazard.\"The government had come up with the proposal in the beginning of the year following repeated pirate attacks on Indian ships in the past few years (15 in the past three years alone). The training of the men has already started and they will be deployed on any vessel that demands their services through Indian National Shipowners' Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16802782", "title": "UK teen of Goan roots 'beats' Einstein's IQ", "text": "MARGAO: With a Mensa IQ score of 162, a 15-year-old London teenager with Goan roots has beaten Albert Einstein and Stephen Hawking . Fabiola Mann's IQ has put her in the top 1% of intelligent people in the world, two points over the 160 scored by the scientific greats.Mensa, founded in 1946 as a society for intelligent people, awarded Fabiola her membership certificate in August this year. The Harrow-on-the-Hill-resident, who wants to study medicine at Cambridge University and become a surgeon \"because I like the idea of helping people\", told STOI from London that she wasn't expecting the score.\"I had heard about Mensa and so decided to take their test,\" Fabiola said in an email. Being \"always interested in puzzles\", she \"begged\" her parents to apply for the test and paid the fee.On July 30, the Northwood College School pupil sat down for a formal, supervised, three-hour test at the London UCL medical college. \"The questions were slightly more confusing (from the practice IQ tests online) and we did not have much time to do them, so I could not really tell how I was doing,\" said Fabiola.She had wait for a month for her scores instead of the customary two weeks as the results were lost in transit. \"We went on holiday soon after (the test), and it was a month before I finally got a letter through the post telling me that I had an IQ of 162 and was invited to join Mensa. I was thrilled,\" said Fabiola.Her mother Rene, a Margao native who moved to London in 1993 after marriage, said, \"Obviously I had heard about Mensa and genius IQ level children, but I'm amazed that my own daughter is one.\"Dad Anthony, who was born in England and is a lecturer, informed Fabiola's school, which in turn contacted local UK newspapers. Fabiola was interviewed by BBC in September and is also mentioned on the Mensa website. In her interview with 'Harrow Observer', the paper observed that \"162 is the highest possible score anyone can achieve in the UK and European test\".Asked what the Mensa membership means to Fabiola, Rene, a news producer for Associated Press Television Network, told STOI from London, \"People keep asking me the same thing, and to be honest I don't know. Hopefully it will mean an entry into the best universities and later job opportunities.\"She quickly adds, \"Of course Fabiola did not do (the test) for those reasons, these are just a mother's dreams. More than that, I hope she can go forward and realize her potential and do good in this world.\"Fabiola's hobbies include martial arts \u2014 she has a purple belt in karate, and started taekwondo this year \u2014chess and music. She plays the piano and guitar and according to her peers has an \"amazing voice\". She also loves creative writing and is currently working on a novel.Fabiola's Margao-based grandparents Palikaran George, 79, and Teresa, 67, are \"speechless\" on their granddaughter's feat and can't wait for her to visit in December.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16808884", "title": "Balakrishna missed it again", "text": "Earlier it happened a couple of times, and our mass-hero failed to surpass reigning Superstar Mahesh Babu. Yet another time, the same result repeated for Balakrishna.Surprisingly, even at Andhra Pradesh state's prestigious Nandi Awards, it is Mahesh Babu who walked away with Best Actor award. Most of them thought that Balayya will get accolades for his performance in 'Sri Rama Rajyam', surpassing Mahesh's spectacular show in 'Dookudu'.But Mahesh received his third golden Nandi beating all the competitions, like he did it in Filmfare and SIIMA. Dookudu, Sriramarajyam, Jai Bolo Telangana and Rajanna have won major awards at Nandi 2011.Source: www.gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16804670", "title": "FIR against Gujarat Parivartan Party leaders for code violation", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A police complaint has been lodged against the Gujarat Parivartan Party leaders for putting up hoardings in public places in Mehsana. The complaint was registered at B-division police station of the town.According to the complaint registered by the district returning officer, Keshubhai Patel-headed Gujarat Parivartan Party had put up hoarding of the GPP at a party plot in the city. This was in violation of the code of conduct.Mehsana police have started investigating in the case. Sources said that the hoarding were put up as a part of Parivartan Sandesh Yatra, which was passing through this part of north Gujarat. The third phase of the yatra began on Thursday and passed through Mehsana on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16804691", "title": "Save Ganga from getting extinct: Uma Bharti", "text": "KANPUR: \"Everybody is concerned about the plight of the Ganga, but still the pollution in the river goes unchecked. No efforts are being made to facilitate unhindered flow of the Ganga across its basin,\" said senior Bharatiya Janata Party leader Uma Bharti , while addressing a gathering of party workers and locals at Sarsiyya Ghat during her Ganga Samagra Yatra here on Saturday.Bharti said that it is possible to clean the river through scientific ways. She also added that there are requisite technologies and techniques to undertake treatment of sewage flowing into the Ganga. The BJP leader said the Ganga Action Plan ( GAP), launched to clean the river, has turned out to be a total failure and now the need is to evolve a consensus on the cleaning of the Ganga -- from Gangotri to Gangasagar.She urged that no water, treated or untreated, should be discharged into the Ganga to save it from extinction. She added that \"the STPs installed in the city should be used for treating the water discharged from leather units. Then the treated water should be re-used. This would help in saving the holy river from pollution.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16804350", "title": "Protest against NH widening gains pace", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The protest against the widening of the national highway (NH-66) in Vadakara is getting stronger by the day with political parties and more social organizations joining the protesters, who include traders' organizations.The NH action council, which is protesting against the proposal to widen and maintain the road on a BOT basis, allege that the road would prove detrimental to commuters and people who surrender their land. The proposed 45-metre-wide road would divide Vadakara town into two separate portions, it says. On Friday, activists of the Revolutionary Marxist Party (RMP) and the Edathupaksha Ekopana Samithi joined the protest against the survey being undertaken at Chorode for widening the NH. Though the survey team had been provided police protection, it returned without completing its job.RMP activists took out a march to the office of the tahsildar (land accusation) Vatakara. They also staged a dharna in front of the office. Party area secretary N Venu inaugurated the march. Edathupaksha Ekopana Samithi leaders N Hariharan and K P Prakashan also attended the protest programme.Action council activists blocked the survey at Nadapuram Road, saying a CBI inquiry was going on against corruption related to the alignment of the revised route of NH-66. Pradeep Chombala, member, action council, said the agitation would be strengthened in the coming days. \"As more political parties are extending support to us, we expect to make the protest a success,\" he said.With the protest gaining momentum, people's representatives are now discussing the feasibility of constructing an 'elevated highway' across the town as an alternative to widening it. But the idea hasn't found many takers as yet. The Inadequate monetary compensation and the lack of a proper rehabilitation package are the main reasons why people are unwilling to surrender their land, said Pradeep Chombala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16804110", "title": "Miniature 'Boi Mela' during this Durga Puja", "text": "PUNE: Khadki-based Kali Bari Samiti has invited the Kolkata Booksellers and Publishers Guild to Pune for the second time to conduct an extravagant book fair this Durga Puja that begins on October 20. The samiti members call this fair a miniature version of the famous 'Boi Mela' held in Kolkata every year.Subir Sengupta, general secretary of Kali Bari Samiti, said, \"Usually Durga Puja is known for its food stalls and cultural events. However, last year we held a book fair similar to Boi Mela (but on a smaller scale) in the city. The fair received a good response from the public. Attendance at our pandal had shot up considerably, so we thought of holding it again this year.\" Sengupta said the samiti has also received a host of enquiries from book lovers, who insisted on a fair this Durga Puja, too.Sengupta said a team from the Kolkata Booksellers and Publishers Guild has already left for Pune for the fair. \"The Kolkata 'boi mela' is very popular among book lovers. Even foreign publishers participate in it. We, too, hope to hold a bigger fair in the near future,\" said Sengupta.\"Several thousand books on disciplines such as religion, literature, politics and academics will be displayed here. Majority of the books will be in Bengali, while the rest will be in English. The fair will also have Bengali translations of foreign language books,\" he said.Sengupta said Bengali magazine 'Sharadiya', a special issue published in Autumn, the time of Durga Puja, will also be available at the fair. \"The magazine covers various topics and has fictions, travelogues, sports articles and the like penned by renowned Bengali writers,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16802932", "title": "Noida home buyers protest against rate hike", "text": "NOIDA: It has been two months since the NCR planning board approved the Greater Noida master plan, clearing the decks for resumption of work at 1 lakh housing units. However, there is no end in sight to the troubles of homebuyers. Those who had booked flats in Greater Noida (west) before the land acquisition row erupted, gathered at a real estate developer's office here on Saturday to protest against the demand and cancellation letters being sent to them on \"flimsy grounds\".The buyers, who have given all developers time till October 19, threaten to intensify their protests if their problems are not addressed. They claim several developers have hiked the rates for existing buyers and even issued cancellation letters. \"After the master plan was approved, developers have started making unethical demands. They are fudging numbers and offering us refund,\" said a buyer. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16804884", "title": "Finally, government orders probe into abduction of chief medical officer case", "text": "LUCKNOW: After four days of dilly-dallying, the state government finally ordered an inquiry into the alleged abduction of Gonda chief medical officer (CMO) by a minister. Top officials of the district have also been removed and their role in the episode would be investigated. The inquiry will cover the allegations of irregularities against the CMO in appointment of doctors on contract basis under a scheme of the National Rural Health Mission.The officers who were given marching orders include Gonda district magistrate Abhay, superintendent of police Kripa Shankar, chief development officer Arvind Kumar Singh and the victim CMO, Dr S P Singh. While Roshan Jacob has been posted as the new district magistrate, Navneet Rana would be the new district police chief and Munni Lal Pandey will be the new CDO.The charge of the CMO has been handed over to his deputy Dr A K Srivastava. Commissioner, Lucknow division, Sanjeev Mittal, has been asked to probe the matter and submit the report in seven days. The probe will cover the allegations of the CMO against the minister, who later resigned, and role of other officers in the case. The removed officers have been kept in waiting till the inquiry gets over.The CMO was abducted by minister of state for revenue Vinod Singh, who has several criminal cases pending against him in police records, on Tuesday after the former refused to recruit candidates recommended by the minister for ad hoc appointment. Though the CMO was released after senior officers intervened, he went into hiding out of fear.After the matter was highlighted by the media, under pressure from chief minister Akhilesh Yadav and Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav, Vinod Singh resigned on Friday but continued to insist that he was innocent and had only gone to meet the CMO following complaints of anomalies in appointments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16803490", "title": "Techie dies in cycling accident", "text": "BANGALORE: Software engineer Binayak Harikrishna Patra, 28, who went cycling on a slope, was found dead with head injuries at a private resort near Kanakapura on Saturday morning.He was from Odisha and a resident of Hyderabad. Preliminary police investigation revealed that Patra, an employee of Tech Mahindra in Hyderabad, was seen cycling around 8.30am.On Friday, Binayak and 10 friends checked into the private resort in Vaderahalli on Ramanagaram-Kanakapura road around 30km from Bangalore. \"They had dinner and celebrated for a while before going to bed. Binayak seems to have woken up early and took the cycle provided by the resort,\" Talaghattapura police said.\"There are mud roads near to the resort and Binay went on one of them and met with an accident,\" resort employees said.Police said villagers alerted resort authorities on seeing Binayak lying in a drain, which is 6ft from the road. Police found that Binayak had sustained serious head injuries as he had fallen on a stone. His black cycle was lying next to him. His black spectacles were recovered nearly a foot from where he had fallen.\"Investigation showed that Binayak may have lost balance and toppled into the drain. After rolling down, his head may have crashed against the rock,\" Talaghattapura police said.Anupam Agrawal , superintendent of police, Ramanagaram, told STOI, \"We're waiting for the postmortem report to decide the next course of action.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16804430", "title": "Notice issued to NHAI", "text": "VADODARA: The model code of conduct (MCC) coordination committee has given a notice to National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) following a complaint that the road building authority had failed to remove a roadside hoarding displaying the photographs of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and UPA president Sonia Gandhi after the MCC came into force.The complaint pertained to a billboard displayed on the roadside near Varnama village on NH 8 from where the 8-laning of road project is slated to take off. \"We issued the notice to project director, NHAI, on Friday evening. Today, we received a compliance report stating that the board has been immediately removed,\" a senior official in the MCC coordination committee told TOI.Meanwhile, the committee has also received several complaints from Sankheda, Waghodia and Jetpur Pavi that registration forms for Congress party's 'Ghar nu Ghar' scheme were still being distributed in those areas, even though the MCC had been put in place. \"We are verifying the complaints,\" the official said.However, the authority is still in a fix to decide the outcome of a complaint regarding 'Mabaap ne bhulsho nahin' programme of BJP, which the party is terming as a \"social awareness programme\". The officials are perplexed about whether religious, mythological references given during the address by the speaker, made this into a religious programme or not. \"Since the banners displayed BJP's name and the chief minister's photograph, it becomes a political stage and if religious references were given during the speech, then it turns into a grey area. We would, most likely, be approaching the CEO's office to help us out with a solution,\" the official stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16803512", "title": "Bangalore hospital's cancer care model is case study for Harvard Business School", "text": "BANGALORE: On any given day, at least 10 new patients diagnosed with cancer are lining up at HCG to get that deadly tumour out of their system.Intrigued researchers in Harvard tried to figure out how this Central Bangalore hospital has not turned away any poor cancer patient. Its cancer care model is now a case study for the Harvard Business School .Researchers Regina Herzlinger, Amit Ghorawat, Meera Krishnan and Naiyya Saggi published their study about the model where even drug dispensing unique.What interested them was Dr. Ajaikumar's hub-and-spoke expansion model in which a central hub in Bangalore performed high-end imaging, therapy, and complicated procedures at lower cost while the spokes provided basic therapy and follow-ups in the patient's local communities (smaller towns). Using this model, HCG expanded to 20 centres.Terming HCG a 'focused factory', the Harvard team said: \"The drug dispensing method to patients was also unique. The hospital set up pharmacies within its premises which lowered drug cost as it was procured directly from manufacturers. This helped low-income patients to benefit from well-tested generic drugs instead of costly imported drugs.\"The process HCG followed to evaluate the creation of a new spoke began with an environmental scan of the area, assessing cancer incidence, market size, availability of medical expertise, insurance, and competition, among other factors. In a remote area such as Shimoga which had few available options for cancer treatment, HCG decided to provide a wider range of services there than in other spokes.The hospital collaborated with a local doctor who already had a practice but would upgrade existing facilities and provide some capital investment like radiation equipment, and typically retained 51% ownership.\"This is because Indian patients almost always travel with their families to secure treatment. Travel cost and accommodation, especially in a nuclear family with one person earning, can become a huge burden for the family,\" Dr Ajai told STOI. Telemedicine gave the spokes access to hub doctors.The spokes in smaller cities attracted primarily local populations, while hubs in Bangalore, Delhi and Ahmedabad attracted patients from across India, Africa, Iran, Afghanistan, Germany, Australia, and the US. While 60% of patients belonged to the middle class, 20% were below the poverty line and the rest 20% affluent. Researchers pointed out how the entire HCG team believed in a culture of compassion. \"As a policy, HCG did not turn away any patients even if the patient could not afford to pay,\" the report said. In fact, employees chipped in with contributions to support patient care.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16803223", "title": "Fare hike deflates auto, taxi drivers' income", "text": "MUMBAI: It's not just the citizens who are bearing the brunt of the recent fare hike, but autorickshaw and taxi drivers, too, claim to be feeling the pinch. Pointing out that the steep hike has driven away commuters, the drivers said they are spending more time idle than ferrying passengers.The new fares for autorickshaws and taxis came into effect from Thursday. The minimum fare is now charged for 1.5km as against 1.6km earlier. The minimum fare for autos has increased to Rs 15 from Rs 12; the fare has gone up to Rs 19 from Rs 17 in case of taxis. For every subsequent km, black-and-yellow taxis now charge Rs 12.35 as against Rs 10.5 earlier and autorickshaws Rs 9.87 as against Rs 7.12 earlier.Autodriver Rajesh Kadam said, \"The increased fare has made only marginal increase to my daily income. People are reluctant to hail an auto as they find it expensive.\"Many autorickshaw drivers are now making an extra effort to attract commuters. Kurla commuter Vikas Patil said, \"I have seen drivers calling out the name of the destination (Kurla station) at Kamani junction.\"Raju Yadav, another autorickshaw driver, said, \"There are few takers for autos outside Kandivli station. Most people prefer to stand in a queue and take the BEST bus.\" to go to Mahavir Nagar.\"Taxi driver Abdul Gani Khan said, \"I do good business during peak hours but there are hardly any passengers during the rest of the day. It's difficult to find customers, especially near educational institutes as students are reluctant to travel in a cab.\"Shreya Pandya, a commuter from Vidyavihar, said, \"The distance between my home and the station can be covered in minimum fare. I have decided to travel by BEST buses as travelling in an auto will now cost me Rs 150 more per month.\"Union leader Shashank Rao said, \"None of the drivers have complained to me about a drop in business. These are initial days after the fare hike. Things will get back to normal in four to five days.\" Taxi union leader A L Quadros echoed Rao's views and said, \"Mumbaikars have dropped the habit of walking because of over crowding on roads and encroachment. They are dependent on taxis and autos to travel to work or home.\"Hanuman Pande, a taxi driver said, \"People are now bargaining by not agreeing to pay night fare after revision of tariff.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "16803500", "title": "Arumugam released from prison after 130 days", "text": "SALEM: The DMK's Salem strongman Veerapandi S Arumugam was released from Vellore central prison on Saturday following a Madras high court order. Arumugam, who returned home to his Poolavari village in Salem district, had spent 130 days in the prison, on various charges, including land grab and a case relating to allegedly setting afire some hutments in Angammal colony in the city. The 75-year-old Arumugam, who is also the DMK's Salem district secretary, was booked on June 3, along with 28 accused. Besides, he was also detained under the provisions of the Goondas Act by the Salem police on June 18 and lodged in prison since then.Salem police commissioner Kanhu Charan Mahali had ordered that Arumugam be booked under five land grab cases and one law and order case. The Salem judicial magistrate court granted Arumugam bail in a case on September 3, but he remained in prison because of his detention under the Goondas Act. On October 12, the Madras high court set aside the Salem police commissioner's order to detain Arumugam under Goondas Act after hearing a habeas corpus petition filed by Arumugam's wife Leelavathi and also ordered his immediate release.Soon after he was released from Vellore prison, Arumugam was received by senior DMK leaders, including M K Stalin, K P Ramalingam and Kanimozhi. En route to his residence, he was greeted by partymen, who hung festoons in many places in Salem and set off fireworks. Besides, hundreds of DMK partymen gathered at his Poolavari house to greet him. Talking to reporters, Arumugam said cases had been foisted on him due to political vendetta. \"The court is the place for those seeking justice,\" he said.Asked if jail authorities provided him sufficient facilities during his detention, Arumugam said, \"There were no grievances in the jail. Prison authorities arranged all facilities for me, including medical facilities, as per legal provisions.\" Asked if the party gave him moral support during his prison stint, the DMK leader said, \"No doubt about it. The DMK held state-wide demonstrations.\" On hearing about his release, several party leaders called him over phone and shared their happiness, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16809955", "title": "Hollywood fears Laden film may incite terror attacks", "text": "Hollywood studios fear that three new films depicting the mission to kill Osama bin Laden could incite terror attacks.The fear follows violent protests over the crudely-made vide o 'Innocence Of Muslims '.At least one studio has asked an Islamic cleric to \"vet\" their film and senior executives at another have held briefing sessions with Department of State officials in Washington.\"We are even asking if we dare release anything on this subject,\" the Daily Star quoted one movie maker as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16804453", "title": "Tickets available for special trains", "text": "LUCKNOW: Unavailability of berths in regular trains running between Lucknow and New Delhi should not worry passengers as they can always book a ticket for festival special trains. Railways has released a list of special trains in which seats are available in October and November in both the AC and sleeper classes of travel. The trains in which seats are available are 04201/04202 Lucknow-New Delhi festival special, 04208 New Delhi-Lucknow festival special, 04203/04204 Varanasi-Delhi Jn. Festival special, 04114 Udhampur-Allahabad festival special, 05044 Bandra Terminus-Gorakhpur festival special, 01028 Varanasi-Lok Manya Tilak festival special, 05028 Anand Vihar Terminal-Gorakhpur festival special, 05652 Varanasi-Guwahati festival special and 04008 New Delhi-Howrah festival special.Meanwhile, North Central Railway administration has decided to levy mela surcharge on passengers at Vindhyachal station ahead of Navaratra Mela. The mela surcharge has been imposed in view of diverse facilities that are being provided at Vindhyachal. The mela surcharge would be collected from the passengers from October 16 to 29.For passengers travelling in the second general class and mail and express trains, mela surcharge will be about Rs 3 while passengers traveling in the sleeper class would have mela surcharge of about Rs 5. However, for passengers travelling in AC III tier/ AC Chair Car, a surcharge of about Rs 7 would be taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16804628", "title": "Cap on tax holiday affects hospitality sector this Dasara", "text": "MYSORE: The hospitality industry , travel agents and other stakeholders of tourism sector are disheartened by the move to waive entry tax for just 10 days this Dasara season. M Rajendra, president of Mysore Hotel Owners' Association, said the hotel industry has already suffered due to the ongoing Cauvery agitation, and the government giving tax waiver for only 10 days from October 9 is adding to the industry's woes. \"An order has been issued in this regard, and we have approached district minister S A Ramdas seeking extension,\" he added.Few years ago, the government waived entry tax for a month, but the duration was later cut short to two weeks in the last two years. \"But this year, the period has been cut down to only 10 days. This is sure to affect the tourism industry because our study has revealed that the number of tourists goes up by two-fold during tax-waiver period. The tourist flow into the city continues for two more weeks even after Dasara,\" he added.Five years ago, the entry tax was Rs 100 per person (Rs 5,500 per inter-state tourist bus), before being increased to Rs 300 per person (Rs 16,500 for bus). Now, it stands at Rs 600 per person (Rs 33,000 per bus). Earlier, the waiver was given to tourist vehicles entering Karnataka from Mysore/ Chamarajanagar side. But now, all vehicles entering Karnataka via Gulbarga, Belagum and Bangalore will be benefitted, Rajendra explained. Travel Agents' Association head B S Prashant said that they have been educating tour operators and travel agents about the waiver and have given their contact numbers to them to avoid any inconvenience in the border areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16807952", "title": "South west monsoon continues to be weak in Karnataka", "text": "MANGALORE: Rainfall was fairly widespread in two districts, scattered in one,isolated in seven, and no rain was recorded in 20 districts in last 24-hours up to 8.30am on Sunday in the state. South-west monsoon was active in one district, normal in two and weak in 27 districts of the state. Rainfall over Karnataka in the above 24-hours is considered as isolated since seven percent of hoblis and gram panchyaths recorded rainfall greater than or equal to 2.5mm.Very heavy and rather heavy rain was recorded respectively in one district, heavy and moderate rain respectively in two districts, light rain in four districts, very light rain in nine districts, and no rain in 11 districts. Pandavapura in Pandavapura taluk of Mandya district recorded maximum rainfall of 166.5mmin these 24-hours. Fairly widespread, heavy to very heavy rain was received in Mandya and Mysore district.Scattered, heavy rain was recorded in Ramanagara district; isolated, light to rather heavy rain in Kodagu, Chamarajanagar, Hassan, Belgaum, Bangalore Urban, Tumkur and Kolar districts. Dry weather condition prevailed in remaining parts of the state, VS Prakash, director, Karnataka State Natural Disaster Monitoring Centre, Bangalore stated.Karnataka for the period June 1 to October 14 has recorded deficit rainfall of 27%. Against normal weighted average rainfall of 912.9mm in south-interior, north-interior, malnad and coastal parts, the state recorded rainfall of 666.8mm. For 24-hours period ending 8.30am on October 14, the four geographical regions of Karnataka received 1.1mm actual weighted average rainfall against normal weighted average rainfall of 4mm, a deficit of 73%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16802532", "title": "Madhya Pradesh yet to form tiger protection force", "text": "BHOPAL: A Special Tiger Protection Force (SPTF), aimed at protecting the big cats from poachers, is yet to be constituted and deployed in Madhya Pradesh- the state that has lost it's tag of \"Tiger State\".A directive from the Prime Minister's Office (PMO) to the chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan for constitution of SPTF and sanction of funds from the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) for the same, besides increased cases of poaching of big cats in the state have failed to stir the forest department. Notably, the decision to hand over the poaching of tigers in Panna reserve that wiped out the big cat population there is also being delayed by the department for almost 4 years.A fresh report submitted by the NTCA (on efforts made for tiger conservation) before the Supreme Court judges hearing a PIL seeking 'ban on tourism in core areas' on September 26, says that Karnataka is the first state to have constituted the SPTF followed by Maharashtra. MP does not find a mention anywhere, said sources.When contacted state forest minister Sartaj Singh pleaded ignorance on the matter. \"I will have to check with the officers,\" he told TOI.Not only the STPF, the state forest department has also been delaying the handing over of \"Panna tiger reserve (PTR) poaching case\" to Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) for long. The file for CBI inquiry is being shunted between home and forest department for the last four years.To avoid the much demanded CBI inquiry further, the forest department mooted a proposal of creating a three-member committee to investigate the PTR case. They also sought sanction from home department for including inspector general of police (IG) (Sagar), Pankaj Shrivastava, in the committee. But despite the sanction, the team is yet to be functional.Ajay Dubey- the petitioner - on whose petition the Supreme Court banned tourist activities in core areas of tiger reserves, says that he will file an application seeking directives for formation of SPTF during the next hearing on October 16.Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had approved the creation of a SPTF in 2007 after it was revealed that the country's tiger population had fallen to less than half of its population reported in 2002. Later based on the tiger abundance and vulnerability, 13 Tiger Reserves in the country, including three from MP (Pench, Kanha and Bandhavgarh) were identified for raising, arming and deploying the STPF.Panna Tiger Reserve in MP has lost its entire tiger population to poaching by 2009.\"A tiger has strayed out of the Bandhavgarh tiger reserve and is being spotted on two lane road between Dhamokar and Koadar jungle. I have inputs that a group of village youths are after it. The tiger could be in trouble if steps are not taken,\" says wildlife activist Rishi Bhatt insisting upon deployment of SPTF. We have already lost over two dozen big cats in the last one year, he pointed out.Poaching of tigers in Madhya Pradesh is in the focus once again with the killing of two tigers near the state capital recently and cases of poaching from different parts of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16804567", "title": "Case lodged against staff, teachers of a Lucknow school", "text": "LUCKNOW: Police have registered a case against teachers and employees of the Lucknow Public School near SGPGI for allegedly beating up three students late Friday night. The matter came into light on Saturday when it was found that one of the students was son of a police sub-inspector posted in Unnao.A case was registered against Lokesh Singh (manager), Sujeet (physical training instructor), Binoo Srivastava (teacher) and Kamlesh Singh (teacher), following a medical report, which confirmed injuries on the thigh of a student. According to police, the accused could not be arrested till late Saturday and were absconding. \"Teams were sent to the residences of the accused, but did not find any of them at their homes,\" said AK Pandey, station officer of SGPGI police station.College authorities, meanwhile, said that students were caught red-handed leaking exam papers. Lokesh Singh, manager Lucknow Public group of schools who has been named in the case, said, \"Students had been instigated by a classmate who was expelled in May this year and the case seems a part of a larger conspiracy, which will come out in the open in the days to come.\"The police said that the accused will be probed under Sections 342, 323, 504 and 506 of the IPC, which amounts to wrongful confinement, voluntarily hurting, intentional insult and criminal intimidation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "16804257", "title": "Dengue stings six students at MKCG Medical College and Hospital", "text": "Berhampur: At least six students of MKCG Medical College and Hospital have tested positive for dengue, medical college sources said on Saturday. The condition of one of them is critical, it added.While four students have been discharged after treatment, one is still admitted to the hospital. \"Another boy, a third year student has been shifted to ICU after his condition deteriorated,\" MKCG superintendent A K Behera said. Dengue broke out on the campus on Thursday. Health officials and BMC Commissioner A K Mohanty visited the campus on Friday.Behera, however, said there was no fresh case of dengue reported from the campus on Saturday even though at least nine more suspected dengue patients from Ganjam district were admitted to the hospital. Of them, five tested positive. With these, the total number of dengue cases in Ganjam district jumped to 368, district malaria officer U K Mishra said.MKCG authorities suspected the dengue virus might have spread to the hostels from cups and glasses disposed of on the campus. \"Medical college students, who go out of the town for community work, may also have carried the virus,\" Behera said.The MKCG authorities, in collaboration with Berhampur Municipal Corporation, (BMC) have taken steps to clean the campus after the outbreak of the disease. A fogging drive has also been launched on the campus, sources said.\"We have advised hostel inmates not to dispose of cups and glasses here and there. These should be dumped only in dustbins,\" Behera said. The BMC commissioner said the civic body would supply dustbins to each hostel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16810084", "title": "Pune's save bus campaign groups demand free bus travel", "text": "PUNE: The 'PMP Bus Seva Bachao Abhiyan' - an initiative taken by city based bus commuters groups to save the city bus transport, has cited the example of how China has taken steps to encourage people to choose public transportation.The commuters groups have circulated emails to the officials of Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad municipal corporations saying that only increasing the bus fleet is not enough and that bus transport should be economical, efficient, safe and affordable for common people. The commuter groups have attached media reports with their emails describing how China has made bus travel free to encourage public transport. The report says the southwest Chinese city of Chengdu, capital of Sichuan Province , has waived bus fares and offered discounts on metro fares. A spokesman with the Chengdu Municipal Public Transport Group Corp, has said that the free bus fare policy will remain in effect until June 30 next year.Around 15 bus commuters groups who are participating in the PMP Bus Seva Bachao Abhiyan had recently held protests at several places in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad after the city bus transport company - PMPML - announced its decision to increase bus fares. The bus commuters groups have also asked the state government to intervene and impose a stay on the increase in bus fares.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16804357", "title": "Commissioner of railway safety inspects newly-built Patliputra station", "text": "PATNA: The commissioner of railway safety (CRS), eastern region, R P Yadav, on Friday inspected the newly-built Patliputra station located on Bailey road near Rukunpura. Railways would give its nod for traffic operation from this station after getting clearance from the CRS. This project, which is a part of the Ganga rail cum road bridge at Digha, has been completed at an estimated cost of Rs 1.5 crore.According to ECR GM B P Khare, the railways intend to make this station a terminal point and start several pairs of passenger trains from here in future.Divisional railway manager, Danapur, L M Jha, who accompanied the CRS along with other railway officials of the division during inspection, said, \"If everything goes on smoothly, railways would start traffic operation from this station this month. Patliputra station has already been given a direct connectivity to Danapur in the west and Phulwari in the east to ease traffic flow,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16804641", "title": "Petrol pumps to be out of action for 8 hours", "text": "LUCKNOW: Following the nationwide strike called by the All India Confederation of Indian Petroleum Dealers, all petrol pumps in Lucknow will close their operations between 4.00 am and 12.00 noon daily from October 15. In other words, this means that there will be no fuel available for eight hours in a day. The dealers have taken this extreme step to cut down their operational cost, in the wake of the recent fuel price hike.There are about 140 pumps in the city. Dealers have complained that the government is not raising their commission even as the cost of running a pump has increased manifold. At present, they get 88 paise per litre of diesel and Rs 1.45 per litre of petrol as commission. This is just 1.5% of the money which a company earns on sale of every unit of fuel. The dealers want it to be raised up to 5%. Ranjeet Kumar, president of Lucknow Petrol Dealer Association said, \"We want that the oil companies and the government should implement recommendations of Apurva Chandra Committee report on dealership margins.\"The strike is going to last for an uncertain period, till the government fulfil their demands, said the president of the dealers association, and added, \"The expenses incurred while running a pump has increased significantly in the recent past on items like electricity, bank transactions, evaporation losses on fuel, labour cost etc. Last time dealers' commission was raised almost one-and-half years ago.\"The pumps normally work in three shifts in a day, comprising 8 hours duty in each slot.Hence as per the consensus of dealers nationwide, they have decided to remain closed for one shift that is between 4.00 a.m. and 12.00 noon everyday from October 15 .\"We have to increase the salary of our staff every six months. Besides we face huge evaporation losses on every tank (which carries 12,000 litres of fuel at a time). The committee had recommended that up to 75 litres of evaporation loss should be allowed to dealers to save on the taxes. We want all these to be considered while revising our commissions,\" said Kumar.Besides increase in margins, dealers also want that various other free services like air-service, pollution check, drinking water, public toilets at petrol pumps should be charged to reduce some extent of increased expenses. Ranjeet Kumar says, \"Even though price of petrol has gone up significantly over past, our margins remain same.Oil companies have the liberty to increase or decrease the price of the fuel as per their cost, but nobody is giving attention to our problems. We have decided to remain shut for eight hours daily to cut on our expenses.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16805121", "title": "Two arrested for stealing data from former employer", "text": "CHENNAI: Two people were arrested on Friday by the cyber crime wing police for stealing data from their ex-employer and selling the data to others. In his complaint, R Annamalai, who owns T Nagar-based Shriaura Technologies Private Limited involved in mobile software development, said K Ravichandran , 55, and G Dhanasekar , 23, from Mettukuppam near Thoraipakkam had stolen data that led to a loss of more than 15 lakh.Ravichandran , who joined the company in April, left within a couple of months saying his father had to undergo heart surgery in Trichy. He recommended appointing Dhansekar to the after-sales support team and as a trainee. After just one week, Dhansekar left without informing the management .\"We tried to reach Dhansekar , but his mobile phone was switched off. During an internal audit, we found an unknown person had hacked our website using our server portal. Our team found a software company in Adambakkam, where Dhanasekar and Ravichandran are employed, was using our product and our logo on its website,\" Annamalai said. \"Later, we found that a data CD, a pen drive, some documents and a mobile hone with applications stored in it were missing from our company ,\" he added.Annamalai's complaint was forwarded to the cyber crime wing.Police teams investigated and arrested Ravichandran and Dhanasekar for stealing data and selling it to others. Police are also questioning officials of the Adambakkam firm. \"The company which recruited Ravichandran and Dhanasekar should have checked before accepting the documents and the product produced by the accused ,\" a cyber crime officer said. Officials of the company said they believed Ravichandran and Dhanasekar but said they were not aware that data provided by the duo had been stolen from their ex-employer .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "shanghai", "code": "16803623", "title": "Masterful Murray tames Federer again", "text": "SHANGHAI: Smiling isn't Andy Murray's thing, but swinging at the tennis ball clearly is. The world no. 3 did that with amazing consistency for nearly 100-minutes on a cloudy Saturday evening before a wildly cheering full-house at the Qizhong Stadium. Murray played aggressive, accurate tennis to blast past the world no. 1 Roger Federer 6-4, 6-4 to set up the title clash against Serb Novak Djokovic in the Shanghai Rolex Masters 1000.Interestingly, the skies opened up, signaling for the magnificent magnolia-shaped roof to be rolled out, just as Murray was going to serve for the match at 6-4, 5-4 after one hour and 36 minutes of action. When the players returned to the court half-an-hour later, the British No.1 needed just two minutes to close the match, serving out the tenth game for the loss of just one point.Murray, who called the rain-delay frustrating, said, \"Roger didn't serve well today which made it easier for me to be aggressive from the start. But yeah that's as good as I've ever played against Roger. Any time you beat the man who is probably one of the best players ever to play the game is special, not just when you beat him, but even when you step on the court with him.\"Earlier, Djokovic called the shots against Tomas Berdych , winning 6-3, 6-4 in one hour and 26-minutes. The Serb typically refused to call on the second semifinal, saying, \"I'm preparing to win tomorrow's match, whoever I play against.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16804664", "title": "Explore options to amend rules: President", "text": "LUCKNOW: President Pranab Mukherjee on Saturday suggested that Members of Parliament should explore possibilities of amending rules to ensure that both Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha are able to transact routine business in case of logjam, when proceedings are paralysed for a long period due to one reason or the other.Mukherjee arrived in Lucknow on a two-day visit on Friday. It was his first visit to Lucknow after becoming the President of India. On Friday, he addressed the eighth convocation of King George's Medical University and on Saturday, the President took part in a function organised by a private organisation, in which he made the suggestions to amend rules for smooth functioning of Parliament. This assumes importance in the light of previous session, which was washed out due to BJP's protest over Coalgate.Mukherjee said that it is extremely difficult to carry out the daily transaction of the two houses in Parliament, when certain members are agitated on some issue. However, he said that he believed that the collective thinking of political establishment would be able to explore the possibility of amending rules. He said that if it appears that rules do not reflect the situation, which is prevailing currently, then they could be amended. He said that rules have been framed by MPs and they can be amended to provide an opportunity for orderly disposal of business.The President also said that development should be inclusive and all parties should work together to remove hurdles, whether legal or administrative in the way, so that people, particularly poor can be served in a better way. He said that India is a vibrant democracy where over 70 crore people vote every five years to elect 543 members of Lok Sabha. But, instead of being complacent by the fact, we should work together to find out the shortcomings and remove them. He said that democracy and development are complementary to each other.Addressing the gathering, which included Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh and leader of the Opposition in the Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley, Mukherjee said Parliament should devote more time to discuss legislations especially those related to finance. Quoting a suggestion made by former prime minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee, Mukherjee said that besides scrutinising budgetary proposals of various ministries before they are sent to the House, the parliamentary panels should also go through proposals after they get parliamentary nod.Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav said that he was impressed by the way the President used to work as member of the parliament and minister. He said that he had learnt at lot from Mukherjee. Yadav said that the suggestions given by the President are valuable not only for smooth functioning of Parliament, but also for running the government in the state. Akhilesh said that he will try to follow and implement the suggestions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16804673", "title": "An Acquired Taste looks best of the lot", "text": "PUNE: The Nanoli Stud Pune Derby, the biggest race of the Pune Season, wears an open look with many among the 10 contenders running with a good chance. However, three of them - Shivalik Hero, An Acquired Taste and Tintinnabulation - appear frontline contenders.Malesh Narredu-trained Shivalik Hero, the fluent winner of General Rajendrasinghji Million this season, appears to retain form. He had a successful Bangalore campaign where he had gone down narrowly to Machiavellianism in the Bangalore Colts' Championship. His staying ability over a 2000m trip will decide his fortune.An Acquired Taste, who recently moved from Malesh's stables to Altamsh Ahmed, is certainly capable of landing the crown but his biggest handicap is his lack of lung opener on Pune track. He has not run since his fantastic win in the Gr 3 Bangalore Summer Million towards the end of July. Though he has had a mock race, it can not be a substitute for the real one. The fact remains that no horse in recent history has won a Derby without a lung opener.In the given scenario, it's difficult to predict, but on the basis of his big previous win and his current track work form, An Acquired Taste may finally reach home first. There are 10 races on Sunday, with the first starting at 12.45 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16803059", "title": "Kazmi\u2019s trial may begin on Oct 30", "text": "NEW DELHI: The trial against journalist Syed Mohammad Kazmi, an accused in the attack on Israeli diplomat here, is likely to start on October 30 in a sessions court.Additional sessions judge Kaveri Baweja fixed the matter for arguments after the case was committed to her court by the magisterial court.Kazmi was arrested on March 6 and police claimed that he had confessed to having conspired and facilitated the attack.Delhi Police had, in its chargesheet filed in July, named Kazmi as the sole accused in the case. The chargesheet also names Iranian nationals Houshang Afshar Irani, Masod Sedaghatzadeh, Syed Ali Mehdi Sadr and Mohammed Reza Abolghasemi as suspects in the case.In its chargesheet, police said Kazmi was had helped Houshang, who bombed Isareli diplomat Yehoshua's car.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16804863", "title": "BJP leader fires at waiter, held", "text": "KANPUR: In yet another criminal instance backed by political vanity, vice-president of the state youth wing of the Bharatiya Janata Party allegedly shot at a waiter after he was denied service of food by the hotel owner in Ghantaghar area of the city on late Friday night.Police arrested the leader and his aides on Saturday.The incident took place at Neelam hotel under the Collectorganj police station. The BJP leader identified as Virat Vikram Bhadauriya along with his associates were seated in the car bearing a BJP party flag. The condition of waiter was out of danger.The BJP leader and his aides reached Neelam hotel at around midnight on Friday in a drunken state and asked the hotel staff to serve them food in their car by the roadside. When the hotel owner, Rahul Dikshit alias Pappu, a resident of Shyamnagar area of Chakeri, declined service, they entered into a scuffle with him and the hotel staff and left in a huff, issuing threats.At around 1.40 am, they returned and after an altercation, shot at Dikshit point blank. The bullet missed target and hit a waiter Vijay in the stomach leaving him wounded critically,\" informed Anand Mishra Collectorganj police station in charge.\"Bhadauriya and his men fled from the spot in the SUV but were apprehended by the police on Saturday and an FIR under sections 307, 504 506 of the Indian Penal Code and SC/ST Act was lodged against them,\" added SP (City) Ratankant Pandey.The SUV was also found fitted with a hooter and 'Virat' written on the rear side. Vijay, who sustained serious bullet wounds, is undergoing treatment at the ICU of Lala Lajpat Rai hospital, where doctors stated his condition stable and out of danger. Vijay hails from Faizabad district and has been working at the hotel for the past few months.Police arrested Virat Vikram Bhadauriya, Pankaj Katheria and Amit Vaish following a raid at their possible hideouts and seized the SUV, a country-made firearm used in the crime and some cartridges from their possession.Interestingly, the incident took place a stone's throw away from Ghantaghar crossing, a busy junction close to the city side of Kanpur Central railway station. There is round-the-clock deployment of police-pickets in the area from three separate police stations viz:Collectorganj, Harbanshmohal and Pheelkhana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16804217", "title": "Vedanta shuts down Lanjigarh refinery", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: In a big blow to Odisha's attempt to attract big ticket investments, Vedanta Aluminium Ltd (VAL) on Saturday shut down its 1 mtpa refinery plant at Lanjigarh in Kalahandi district. The company also closed down its 75 mw captive power plant.VAL said that scarcity of bauxite had forced it to close down the plant much earlier than December 5 as intimated to the state government. \"But we ran out of bauxite and were left with no option but to go for closure before the scheduled date (December 5),\" the refinery's chief operating officer (COO), Mukesh Kumar, said.VAL's decision has rang alarm bells in the state industry department. \"Regardless of the reasons and circumstances that led to the closure of the plant, the development surrounding the refinery is bound to send a wrong signal that Odisha does not have the conducive climate for investment,\" said a senior official in the industry department.The sudden shut down has also put a question mark on the future of an estimated 7,000 people dependent on the project for their livelihood. The refinery COO, however, said the company would not retrench any direct employee numbering about 550.Kumar also ruled out any immediate chances of the refinery being reopened. \"Everything depends on the availability of bauxite in future. For the time being, there seems no chance,\" he said. \"All these years, we had been procuring bauxite from different sources outside Odisha and in the process have incurred a loss of over Rs 2,500 crore. No plant can run in this scenario. Hence, we decided to temporarily close the plant,\" he added.\"After closing our own captive power plant, we are now buying about 8 mw of power from the WESCO in order to keep some of the critical components like alumina and red mud slurry of the refinery alive,\" Kumar said.The refinery was set up in the extremely backward Lanjigarh area at an investment of Rs 10,000 crore on promise by the state government that it would supply bauxite. The chief minister, Naveen Patnaik , had laid the foundation stone for the plant in 2003. The plant was exclusively designed keeping in mind the quality of bauxite available in Odisha. Hoping that the plant would face no trouble in future, the company also completed nearly 70 per cent work for increasing the refinery's capacity to 6 mtpa.Sources said the VAL project had pinned hopes that if the ministry of environment and forest (MoEF) could withdraw its 2011 circular in view of the August decision of the Delhi high court then it could have got some chance to procure bauxite from mines lying closed in the neighbouring states of Chhatisgarh and Jharkhand. The MoEF circular had put a restriction that mining lease cannot be renewed without environment clearance granted afresh. \"The Delhi high court in its August 1, 2012, verdict had set aside this circular. It is already more than 70 days the MoEF has neither gone to the higher court to challenge the decision nor is lifting its own order,\" Kumar said.The Federation of Indian Mineral Industry has also requested the MoEF to withdraw its order for the greater interest of industries in the country, but in vain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16803197", "title": "Patient rush compels AIIMS to go for larger OPD", "text": "NEW DELHI: All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) plans to start a separate facility to tackle the ever-increasing patient inflow.AIIMS director Dr R C Deka said on Saturday that the institute's standing finance committee had already approved the project and the hospital authority was waiting for clearance from the civic authorities.\"The number of patients seeking treatment at our hospital has increased but there is least scope for expanding the infrastructure. A separate OPD facility will help us deal with the crisis. Also, it would bring down the infection rate caused by overcrowding,\" said Deka. AIIMS recently started an outreach centre in Jhajjar, Haryana.AIIMS has a bed strength of 2,424, excluding the seats reserved for the newly-opened super specialty wards like geriatrics, clinical immunology and pulmonary. \"Over the past one year, we have attended to 25.78 lakh patients in OPD and casualty, admitted 1.72 lakh people and performed 1.37 surgical procedures. The net death rate has been below 3%, with a combined crude infection rate of 8.3% in the hospital,\" Deka said.\"Our faculty members in the pathology department are involved in research to develop simpler diagnostic techniques to predict diseases on the basis of the molecular markers,\" he added.The AIIMS director added that he was in favour of a short-term MBBS course for rural doctors, Bachelor of Rural Healthcare. \"They can help in providing the mid-level care by treating common health problems like malaria and diarrhoea,\" he said.AIIMS will hold its 40th annual convocation on Tuesday where President Pranab Mukherjee will present the degrees to 465 medical professionals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16803955", "title": "Want help for a do?", "text": "The sure signs of a happening city are the number and scale of social, commercial and cultural events that take place there. Measured on this yardstick, Nagpur has inched ahead in the last decade.The heightened activity in the city has given birth to a new aspect of business loosely called event management. But those engaged in event planning take it very seriously. And with 20 registered companies and approximately 300 in the unorganized sector, the city is throwing up opportunities and clients for them to thrive on.As awareness about the comforts of hiring an event planner grows, the business too is growing, says Shweta Singh who branched into this field some five years back.\"In smaller cities like Nagpur, an event manager cannot get very specific about the work. We have to be all-rounders doing everything for the client,\" she says.And with clients still not very comfortable with the concept, the ideas being executed also remain very typical. \"In the corporate arena, they still stick to the time tested approach but for personal occasions they are willing to accept out of the box ideas,\" adds Shweta saying that budgets are a constrain, so too much of experimenting is still not possible.Momentarily hit by the recessionary trends, this nascent industry is seeing a lull in corporate events, says Pramod Batra, director of Admaark Events, which has been in business for the past 15 years and is considered the pioneer of this concept in Nagpur.\"The social scenario has not been affected by recession and we are organizing private parties on festivals, wedding and reunions,\" says Batra, and adds that this is the area where the funkiest of ideas get executed. \"The clients are a bit fussy as they still do not fully understand the concept of outsourcing an event plan. This makes the job all the more challenging for us as our business hinges on client satisfaction,\" he says.The penetration and acceptability has grown over the past decade, feels Nilaya Verma who says that he got into the business by fluke. \"We organized a pool tournament over a decade back for ITC and have never looked back since. Now even government agencies hunt for event planners to manage big occasions,\" says Verma to explain the manner in which the business has grown.\"More than events it is all about expectation management,\" he adds and says that clients today are brimming with ideas which they want to be executed. \"Flower decor, speciality catering and entertainers at the events top the demand list,\" he says and adds that they do not want what's available here. \"If they learn that there is a paanwallah in Gorakhpur who is good they want him at their event being held in the city.\"But the segment is now inundated with event managers operating only through a mobile phone. \"This is a difficult job and can be executed only by those who have no qualms about working themselves,\" says Sumit Tidke of Western Events. He and his other associate Amit were doing back drops and set designs till they began taking full events recently. \"The business in the city is not as much as in Raipur where theme weddings are a rage,\" he says and adds that lack of venues in Nagpur is the biggest impediment in executing these jobs.\"But the market is growing as the middle class too now hires specialists for wedding and personal parties,\" says Tidke. An event for 50 to 100 persons can be easily organized for minimum budget of Rs70,000, he adds.People who utilize the services of event planners say that this concept has made life much easier for those hosting an event. \"Provided you know the person who is doing it for you and he has also understood your requirement. Event planners are a boon. I had entrusted the job of organizing a party to an event planner and the work done by them exceeded my expectations as I could not have thought of those ideas,\" says Jitin Agarwal, a city businessman.Finding jobs done by local planners of standard quality, H R Andhare, a retired government official says, \"Catering in marriages by specialized people had made life easy for the host three decades back. Now event planners have taken it even ahead by creating the required amount of razzmatazz that an Indian wedding entails. The event planner for my daughter's wedding last year brought to life details that I couldn't even have dreamed of.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16808576", "title": "Shakira shakes 'baby bump' at FIFA U-17", "text": "Shakira showed off her growing baby bump as she performed onstage at the closing ceremony of FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup in Baku, Azerbaijan on Saturday.The singer is rarely seen performing onstage since revealing she is expecting child with Spanish soccer star Gerard Pique .Before the match between France and Korea DPR at the Tofig Bahramov Stadium, she posted on Twitter \"In a few minutes it will be our baby's first time on stage and precisely at a football event! Magic Shak,\" the Daily Mail reported.Despite her burgeoning bump the 35-year-old gave energetic dance routines.With her hands up in the air for much of the show- Shakira could be seen twisting her hips along with the beat as well as shaking her derriere for the audience.The blonde looked sexy as wears leather trousers and knee high boots with a long glitzy black top and short-sleeved jacket.The star sang the official South Africa 2010 World Cup song Waka Waka, but audience missed her famous belly dancing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16808988", "title": "Pantene Bridal Couture Week in Lahore begins", "text": "After the remarkable success of Pantene Bridal Couture Week 2012 in Karachi , PBCW, the premier bridal show of the country is back to take Lahore by storm .Pantene Bridal Couture Week(PBCW), held twice a year, was pioneered by HUM Network and Pantene more than two years ago with the objective of promoting Pakistan's bridal industry and providing a platform for the country's up-coming and established designers. The grand bridal show has now become one of the most eagerly awaited events of the fashion industry, and has continued to exceed expectations with each passing show.The PBCW that kicked off today will go on till October 15. The three-day event will comprise six shows in all. It will be a unique mix of glamour , fashion show runway and entertainment segments that could enliven any grand wedding. This year 21 designers are participating in the Pantene Bridal Couture Week to be held in Lahore from 13th October to 15th October, including top names from Pakistan, as well as India and the UAE.Sultana Siddiqui, President HUM Network Ltd. says, \"It is always overwhelming to include Indian designers at the show. In the past we had JJ Valaya , Meera and Muzaffar Ali , Gautam Rakha and now we have Charu Parashar. Our aim is to enhance the relationship between both the countries. People in Pakistan love Indian designer wears and hopefully we wish to see many more Indian designers participating in the future too.\"Sharing his thoughts on the event, Hassan Fawad, brand communications manager Pantene said: \"Pantene is one of the leading names in the beauty industry. Pantene Bridal Couture Week by Style360 is emerging as one of Pakistan's iconic fashion events and we are proud to be associated with it. This platform is not just a means for us to show our support for the booming fashion industry of Pakistan, but it also provides us with an opportunity to build strong, meaningful connections with women across Pakistan.\"The line-up of local designers participating in the event will include Ahmed Bilal, Ali Xeeshan, Ammar Shahid, Asifa &amp; Nabeel, Cara, Erum Khan, Hajra Hayat, Hijab by Saba &amp; Misbah, Kosain Kazmi, Kuki Concepts, Maria B, Mehdi, Rani Emaan, Sadaf Arshad, Saira Rizwan, Shazia Bridal Gallery, Sonar Jewellery, and Tabassum Mughal.The event will also include a special segment of Grand Couturiers featuring the country's 13 top designers. Amir Adnan, Shamaeel Ansari, Sana Safinanz, HSY, Nilofer Shahid, Maheen Khan, Deepak Perwani, Nomi Ansari, Rizwan Beyg, Rehana Saigol, Mina Hassan, Nickie Nina and Umar Sayeed. Moreover, the show this year will also feature international designers Rashid Ali and Furne from the UAE and Charu Parashar from India.The first day of the show will be choreographed by Ali Xeshan while day 2 and day 3 shows are being choreographed by the one-and-only, Hasan Sheharyar Yasin. Make-up artist for the first two days is one of the most respected names in the fashion industry and Pantene's official hair care expert, Saba Ansari of Sabs Salon. The third day's make-up and hair-styling will be done by the experienced Annie Manzoor of Alle'nora.Forty female models from across the country will be a part of the event this year including Pantene's official brand ambassador, Hira Tareen, Mehreen Syed, Mehreen Kanwal (Maha), Rabiya Butt, Nooray Bhatty, Neha Ahmed, Faiza Ansari, Rubab, Fia , Racheal Gill, Ayaan and Rabya Chaudry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16803358", "title": "Wanted criminal in police net", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man, who is involved in over 70 cases of theft and wanted in a case registered under MCOCA, was arrested in connection with a burglary at a laptop showroom in Rajasthan, police said.Hansraj, a native of Uttar Pradesh, was arrested on Friday. Dozens of laptops of different brands and a pistol were recovered from him, police said. During interrogation, police came to know that Hansraj is a notorious criminal who invested money acquired from criminal activities in real estate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16804890", "title": "18 arrested for bhajan sandhya clash", "text": "SURAT: Police have arrested 18 people for violence at a bhajan sandhya meet in Adajan area on Thursday night. The clash had erupted following a demand that late night bhajan singing be stopped as some people were getting disturbed by the loud noise.The sandhya was organized in an open area outside Sanghvi Complex in memory of a local resident. As the event continued till late night, few residents from neighbouring residential society of Kamal Park objected and demanded that the singing be stopped.This led to a heated exchange of words that was followed by a clash in which sticks, utensils and stones were hurled. Some women sustained minor injuries and were taken to hospital for treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "panaji/vasco", "code": "16803792", "title": "Coordination meeting held on charter arrivals", "text": "PANAJI/VASCO: With the first charter flight scheduled to touch down at Dabolim on October 16, the director general of police Kishan Kumar on Saturday held a co-ordination meeting with various agencies including officials of the airport, customs, immigration, CISF and police.Airport director M Suresh told STOI that the meeting was held to discuss issues pertaining to strengthening security and also to enhance ease for charter tourists. With over 900 charter flights scheduled to arrive in Goa during the season beginning with October 16, the DGP urged officials of the customs and immigration to ensure the smooth functioning at the airport without compromising on movement of drugs and other contraband.The meeting also discussed modalities of improving passenger facilitation and policing and regulating traffic outside the airport.Considering that some charters will land in the early morning, traffic police have been asked to deploy more traffic police around the airport at the time of charter arrivals. Others who attended the meeting included SP South Allen D'Sa, SP (Immigration) Tony Fernandes , SDPO Vasco Lawrence D'Souza and officials of the Bureau of Immigration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16804882", "title": "A high degree of joy at PEC University of Technology", "text": "Three hundred and eighty-one students were awarded BE degrees and 207 ME degrees at the 42nd annual convocation of the PEC University of Technology, Chandigarh, held on Saturday.Three students completed their PhD programme, while nine were awarded gold medals in various branches. Sumeet Kaur, Raghu Gupta, Avantika, Priya Sharma, Surbhi, Varun Sharma, Gurpreet Singh, Shivangi, Myanka were the gold medalists who stole the limelight at the convocation.Shipra Singla of computer science branch was awarded the administrator's gold medal while Prabhjot Singh Grewal got advisor's gold medal.Addressing the convocation, chief guest professor Pradipta Banerji, director of IIT Roorkee, congratulated the graduates and their parents. He emphasized on the fact that India needs to graduate to an \"innovation economy\" where innovative ideas and their implementation towards the betterment of industry and society will be of paramount importance. He also advised the students to come out of the comfort zone and be risk-takers.PEC director Manoj Dutta applauded the training &amp; placement cell of the college. He mentioned that 291 out of the 304 eligible BE students of 2011-12 batch have been offered jobs through campus interviews conducted by 92 companies and 110 ME students have also secured jobs through these interviews.He said the PEC NSS unit enrolled 300 volunteers this year and organized two blood donation camps during the session which collected 791 units of blood.He also applauded the students for inclusive growth project \"PEC science and maths siksha pariyojna\" and for preparing students of government schools for NTSE along with the education department of Chandigarh administration.Dutta mentioned that in the year 2011-12 about 200 research papers were presented by the faculty in various national and international conferences and published in various journals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16804881", "title": "Sanjay Joshi to cover nine assembly constituencies", "text": "SURAT: Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) leader Sanjay Joshi will be on a two-day visit to Gujarat from Sunday and would be visiting as many as nine assembly constituencies during his brief stay in the state. Joshi plans to meet his supporters in Varachha, Surat West, Kamrej, Navsari, Dang, Mahuva, Songadh, Bardoli and Palsana. This will be the fourth visit of the former general secretary of BJP to Gujarat in four months, a reason for worry for the state unit of the ruling party. A bete noire of chief minister Narendra Modi , he will meet his loyalists in Ahmedabad and then arrive in Surat.After his forced exit from the BJP, Joshi's train journey from Mumbai through Gujarat was cancelled under pressure from the party leadership. However, Joshi visited the state on July 29 and met his supporters in Valsad district. He again visited Gujarat in September and met his well-wishers in Vadodara, Panchmahal and Bharuch districts.He again visited the state on September 3 to express his condolence to the members of the family of former Union textile minister Kashiram Rana , who had died of a heart attack in Ahmedabad. He arrived in the morning and made brief stops at the houses of his many supporters and also went to RSS office in the city before leaving in the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "johannesburg", "code": "16807436", "title": "Never thought of cutting pace despite injuries: Brett Lee", "text": "JOHANNESBURG: Injuries ravaged his body but retired Australian fast bowler Brett Lee says he never thought of cutting down pace and he wants to pass on this \"never say die attitude\" to the next generation before quitting cricket completely.\"My love and passion for the game helped me overcome the tough phases. The day will come eventually when I'll retire from cricket and I don't know when that day is going to be, but I want to be a good leader to the guys coming through,\" lee, who now plays for Kolkata Knight Riders besides turning up for his domestic team in Australia, said.\"I want to make sure that I pass a bit of a legacy and the never say die attitude,\" said the 35-year-old, who is playing for KKR in the ongoing Champions League Twenty20.Lee, who underwent 14 surgeries on his body before calling it quits at the international level earlier this year, said he always wanted to be a tearaway bowler and could not compromise on that front despite breaking down time and again in his 13-year international career.\"I don't want to bowl slow; I want to bowl as quick as I can. Bowling fast is all I've ever wanted to do.\"Lee, a part-time musician and model, is one of the most affable figures in cricket. the bowler said he takes pride in being considered a friendly person.\"I play my cricket very seriously and always give my 100 percent. But when you're off the field, you've also got to enjoy. I've got many friends through cricket and I'm very proud to say that I've done that,\" lee said.With 718 scalps across all formats, he finished as Australia's third highest wicket-taker after Shane Warne (999) and Glenn McGrath (943).The pacer has dismissed Indian batting icon Sachin Tendulkar more times than any other bowler -- 14 times in 42 international matches but the Australian prefers to call it luck.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16803558", "title": "Share Lusofonia Games with Maharashtra, Karnataka: Centre to Goa", "text": "PANAJI: The Centre is worried that Goa may not be able to come up with the required infrastructure to host the Lusofonia Games 2013 in November next year.The Games for all Portuguese speaking nations were allotted to Goa in 2009 but until the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) government swept to power and chief minister Manohar Parrikar assumed office in March this year, the project files were all gathering dust.The state government has sought assistance from the Centre to finance Games-related projects, but the Centre \u2014while not turning down Goa's request\u2014 has raised apprehensions that Goa may not be ready.\"Goa may like to consider roping in neigbouring states like Karnataka and Maharashtra where some facilities exist and where some of the events could be held. However, for this, concurrence of these states will be required,\" union minister for sports and youth affairs, Ajay Maken, told chief minister Manohar Parrikar recently.Maken has asked for the 'final list of venues' for the Lusofonia Games but till early this week, Goa had not reverted back to the sports ministry.\"As of now we are not considering the option of sharing the Lusofonia Games with neighbouring states. It's practically impossible. It can only end up being a logistical nightmare,\" a senior official from the sports secretariat told STOI.Maharashtra has the Balewadi sports complex in Pune that has excellent facilities to host events like athletics, table tennis and judo, while Bangalore in Karnataka also has impressive sports infrastructure, having hosted the National Games in 1997. Both facilities are 600 kms away from Goa.\"The Centre is understandably worried that Goa has not made significant progress on infrastructure. There are only 13 months remaining for the Games.\"We have been told by ACOLOP (the organizers) that the dates for the Lusofonia Games are sacrosanct. They cannot be changed. We have no choice but to meet the deadlines. The state government is moving in the right direction,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16804318", "title": "Nitish is arrogant, says Dipankar Bhattacharya", "text": "PATNA: CPI (ML) general secretary Dipankar Bhattacharya , while referring to Madhubani firing, said on Saturday that mere transfer of Madhubani DM and SP would not solve the problem. He described CM Nitish Kumar as arrogant.Bhattacharya told reporters that Madhubani, Khagaria or Paraiya (Gaya) incidents should not be seen in isolation. Situation was the same all over Bihar. He said, \"A mother had to sit on dharna at Madhubani to claim her son's body and police lathicharged her. Nothing can be worse than that.\" He added that Nitish Kumar was demanding special status through \"Adhikar rally\" but is actually curbing the rights of common people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16803349", "title": "Stamps are also about designs", "text": "COIMBATORE: It's not so much the stamp that makes A M Nanjappan's collection stand out but more the designs he creates with them. Nanjappan, who lives in Aiyyampalayam near Gobichettipalayam, collects one particular kind of stamp to create attractive patterns out of them.\"What is the fun in buying stamps and keeping them? I want to do something different,\" says the 89-year-old. He has more than 15,000 copies of Aldabra Giant Tortoise stamp with which he has created flowers and striking geometric patterns.So far, he has created around 216 designs using the stamp, which was released in 2008. He aims to make it to the Guinness Book of Records for coming up with the maximum number of designs on a single issue of the same stamp. Nanjappan, who retired as a judge from the Coimbatore district court in 1982, began collecting stamps in 1962. \"It was my daughter's birthday and she wanted stamps for gifts,\" he says. A colleague introduced him to the world of stamps, their names and value.While he was in service, Nanjappan didn't let on many people about his hobby. After retirement, he started exchanging stamps with friends. Once he realised their value, he pursued the hobby and has spent more than Rs 20 lakh. His collection is now worth a few lakhs.But the thrill lies in giving a twist to the tortoise stamps that are hexagonal in shape. \"Sometimes I use an entire sheet by trimming the border or removing some stamps from it,\" he says. He has also used stamps issued on astrological signs to create designs.Like most collectors, he still enjoys spending a few hours every day to make new shapes. \"It's like meditation. I forget my pains and troubles while working on them,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16804618", "title": "Dandiya set to take revellers in its stride", "text": "MANGALORE: Ever since young revellers at Morning Mist Home Stay in Padil were targeted on July 28, people in the coastal city have not listened to the scratches of turntable. However, here is good news for dance and music buffs to tap their foot as Navaratri festival celebration fever is setting over the city. Fusion 5, an event management company, in association with the Western Institute of Technology has organized \"Dandiya Night - 2012,\" a dance extravaganza on October 27 at Bharath Mall.DJ Jainish from Surat, Gujarat, will hit the floor during this mega event.Organizers of the event claim that the first Dandiya Raas, a popular Gujarati dance form, has been organized in this region. However, the highlight is popular Indian dancer Raghav Juyal, who is also known as Crockroaxz.Dandiya dance is performed in most parts of the north India during Navaratri festival. This dance form is performed with a pair colorful decorated sticks, used to clap together between a dancing couples. This dancing festival is open for only children, couples and senior citizens, and stags are prohibited.Ashwin B Jain, organizer of the event, told TOI that the objective is to promote Dandiya which is not popular in this region. \"Dancer Raghav will perform for more than an hour continuously. The event will end at 10.30pm. We have taken permission from police,\" he said. Around 1,000 couples will take part in this event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16803622", "title": "Hemashri was brought dead, says farmhouse owner", "text": "BANGALORE: In a new twist to the Hemashri murder case, the owner of the Anantapur farmhouse where the actor was taken by her husband Surendra Babu, told Hebbal police on Saturday that she was brought dead to his farmhouse.In his statement on Saturday, Murali told police he was in Bangalore when Surendra Babu, Hemashri and two others came to the farmhouse in the early hours of October 9. \"Surendra Babu and the others were seen carrying a woman, who showed no signs of life. Fearful farmhouse employees suspected something amiss and called me,\" Murali told Hebbal police.Murali's statement contradicts Babu's version to the police two days ago that Hemashri died in Baptist Hospital after she complained of uneasiness en route to Anantapur.Murali told police he called Surendra Babu from Bangalore, asking him to leave immediately. \"I don't want to get into any legal complications,\" Murali reportedly told Surendra Babu.Highly-placed police sources told TOI that Murali's employees had revealed that they sensed Hemashri was dead. \"She was lying in the backseat and one of the employees helped carry her to her room. The body was cold, indicating that she was dead. But those who brought her said she was unwell,\" sources said.DRUGGED FOR SEX?Family sources also suspect that Hemashri was drugged on Monday night. \"A close family member gave Hemashri food laced with sleeping pills. When she was fast asleep, Babu shifted her to the car and directed his driver Satish to drive towards Anantapur,\" sources said.Hemashri is said to have woken up midway. \"As planned earlier, Babu pulled out a bottle of chloroform, sprayed it on a cloth and stuffed it against Hemashri's face. An overdose of chloroform killed Hemashri slowly,\" sources said.Hebbal police noted down the statements of Murali and his farmhouse employees. \"It seems Babu wanted to have sex with Hemashri while she was asleep,\" police said.ALL WAS WELL, SAYS SISTERAmid speculation and gossip about Hemashri's troubled married life, the dead actor's elder sister Roopashri told reporters on Saturday that Hemashri was a very emotional person. \"My family is fine and Hemashri's married life was also fine. All the allegations against my family are false,\" she said.However, she declined to comment when asked why Hemashri had filed a police complaint against her husband, two days after their marriage.Roopashri, a doctor, said she suspected that Hemashri's taped phone conversations are not genuine. \"I don't think it is her voice. All I can say is that hers was not a natural death. My parents have gone to Varanasi to immerse her ashes in the Ganga,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16804902", "title": "Duo in car chase, harass girls", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Despite a strict campaign against sexual harassment in the city, crime against women continues unabated. On Friday night, two occupants of a Honda City bearing a Himachal VIP number chased and passed obscene remarks against two city girls near Aroma lightpoint in Sector 22.The incident took place around 1.30am when the girls stepped outside Aroma hotel. They got on to their two-wheeler but the youths started chasing them. The accused \u2014 identified as Lavanya Puri of Shimla and Sandeep Gill of Mohali \u2014 have been arrested, while the car they were in has been impounded.The car (HP-76-0003) belongs to the family of Lavanya Puri of Shimla, who is one of the accused. While Lavanya is the son of a Shimla-based contractor, co-accused Sandeep is a student of DAV College-10.Though Lavanya was driving the car, the person in whose name it was registered is yet to be ascertained. The two youths started chasing the girls from lightpoint. The girls objected to it near Piccadilly roundabout and also called PCR. Police said both the occupants of the car were nabbed between Aroma lightpoint and Piccadilly roundabout. Lavanya was staying in Sector 8.SI Ram Rattan said Lavanya and Sandeep tried to mislead the police by claiming they knew the girls. However, the complainants rubbished these claims and gave a formal complaint. The accused were released on regular bail after a case was registered at Sector-17 police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16803329", "title": "Five in net, ATM cash recovered", "text": "BANGALORE: Southeast division police cracked the mysterious ATM robbery case with the arrest of five persons, including an engineering student, and recovered Rs 55,52,500 which they had concealed in a grove adjacent to KR Puram lake.On October 4, the accused had looted Rs 65 lakh which was being transported to be loaded into ATMs. As planned, the gang waylaid the cash ferrying vehicle on NICE Road near Hulimavu, sprayed chilli powder on the driver and security guards before fleeing with the cash.ACP H Veerabhadra Gowda said the accused -- Ajith Devendra, M Manjunath, M Arthesh, Jagadish B and Nagaraj -- were planning to escape to Tirupathi but were nabbed in the nick of time after they were tracked through a mobile tower.Ajith, the cash handler, and Jagadish, the gunman, ganged up with Manjunath, an engineering student, and Arthesh, who worked as a supplier in a bar, police said. \"Manjunath studies in a private college in KR Puram and we are yet to check out the name of his college,\" Veerabhadra Gowda told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16804669", "title": "Yuva shakti holds the key", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat's voter is getting younger. Of the 3.78 crore voters registered in the state, over 2 crore are in the age group of 18-39 years. What's more, the maximum voters registered are between 20 and 29 years. Nearly 99.56 lakh voters fall in the 20-29 years bracket while another 93.33 lakh are in the age group of 30-39 years.Those in the age group of 18-22 years would be exercising their vote for the first time - about 13 lakh voters are in the age group of 18-19 years, about 11 per cent of whom are registered in Ahmedabad. The last time that voting took place was in 2009 during Lok Sabha elections.According to the latest census, 3.78 crore voters is 61.45 per cent of the state's total population. Ahmedabad district has registered an increase of nearly four per cent in the special roll summary revision exercise. The district registered an increase of 1,75,590 voters of which 63 per cent are freshers or young voters who are registered for the first time. Of the 1,11,200 fresh registered voters 54,057 are female voters and 57,153 male voters.In Ahmedabad district, Vatva constituency recorded an increase of 8,600 voters, the highest among the first-time voters in the district. This was followed by Dhandhuka which saw an increase of 7,460.Amreli district has the highest percentage of voters in the age group of above 80 while Dang had the lowest percentage of voters above the age group of 80.No wonder, both Congress and BJP are targeting young voters, especially the first-timers. While chief minister Narendra Modi focused on youths during the Vivekananda Yuva Vikas Yatra, the Congress has announced free laptops for students studying in colleges and professional courses.PHOTO QUOTE:Dhwanit Raval, 20, student: \"I will be voting for the first time. I want to do my bit. My first vote will be for the party which will ensure overall development and create employment opportunities.\"Mitul Shukla, 19, student: \"For the first time, my vote will be counted in the formation of the government. I will definitely not let this opportunity go waste. After all, this is a lifetime experience.\"Rahul Bharwad, 20, student: \"My vote will be for those who have something for the youth and their future.\"Manan Shah, 20, student: \"Our group has decided to vote as this is for the first time that we would exercise our franchise. I would vote for the party which gives more weightage to agriculture.\"Neha Masrani, 21, student: \"It is a feeling that I cannot express. My first vote will go for development. I will vote for the party which promises good services and would utilize the funds properly.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16803442", "title": "Policemen rescue 'missing' director", "text": "GURGAON: The \"missing\" director of a Gurgaon-based IT company, who was kidnapped along with two other officials of his company, was rescued by police late on Saturday night. A senior police officer told TOI that when a police team followed the kidnappers, they threw out the director from their car and fled. Our teams are constantly conducting raids and the accused will be arrested as early as possible\", he said.According to a source, during the investigation police found that the accused Vinod, resident of Kirsola village in Jind, who is in police custody, had a criminal record.The source said that his gang was hired for executives kidnapped by the youths, who make the deal for half of the ransom money, but police officer not disclosed like this yet.Gurgaon police had on Friday arrested a kidnapper and rescued two top officials of the IT company.A source said that the kidnappers were youths from Jind district who had given money to officials in return for a job. The accused got Rs 3.70 lakh from the two officials, Anup Singh and Tirupati Padhi, who were rescued by police late on Thursday night.After the rescue the director, Kailash Chand Joshi of San Coastal Tech Pvt Ltd, located in Sector 33, Gurgaon police also found that the kidnappers demanding money in a phone call to Joshi's brother-in-law.Another source said that Joshi had dodged the kidnappers and had approached police on his own.\"We interrogated the accused and also questioned the victim. Details of the entire episode will be clear only after all the accused are arrested,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16802507", "title": "Explore options to amend rules to end House logjam: President", "text": "LUCKNOW: President Pranab Mukherjee on Saturday suggested MPs should explore possibilities of amending rules to ensure Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha can do routine business in case of a logjam.Mukherjee was in Lucknow on a two-day visit. It was his first visit to Lucknow as President. On Friday, he addressed the eighth convocation of King George's Medical University and on Saturday, the President participated in a function organised by a private organisation where he suggested amending rules for smooth functioning of Parliament. Last session of Parliament was washed out due to the BJP's protest against Coalgate.Mukherjee believed the collective thinking of the political establishment can explore the possibility of amending rules. Rules were framed by MPs and they can be amended to provide an opportunity for orderly disposal of business, he said.The President said development should be inclusive and all parties should work together to remove hurdles \u2014 legal or administrative \u2014 so that people, particularly the poor, can be served better. Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh and leader of the Opposition in the Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley were also present at the function.Mukherjee said Parliament should devote more time to discuss legislations, especially, those related to finance. Quoting a suggestion made by former prime minister Atal Behari Vajpayee, Mukherjee said besides scrutinising budgetary proposals of various ministries before they are sent to the House, parliamentary panels should also go through proposals after they get parliamentary nod.Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav said he was impressed by the way the President worked as an MP and a minister. He had learnt at lot from Mukherjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16802446", "title": "K Chandrasekhar Rao's niece also rises, as Telangana counterweight", "text": "HYDERABAD: Telangana Jagruthi president Kavita now has a rival in Telangana-politics, and it is none other than her cousin Ramya.Regulapati Ramya, a law graduate and daughter of Telangana Rashtra Samithi (TRS) chief K Chandrasekhar Rao's late brother, wants to launch herself into active politics on October 17 by inaugurating the 'Batukamma Pandaga' in the presence of Ruchi Jayanth Singh, who is the daughter-in-law of Union civil aviation minister and Rashtriya Lok Dal (RLD) president Ajit Singh.Ajit Singh , a champion of a separate Harit Pradesh movement in Uttar Pradesh, has also remained a supporter of the Telangana cause for a decade now.Singh believes that Ramya, hitherto a low profile TRS activist, is the right choice to carry through the launch of his party's Telangana unit in the region.With differences cropping up between her family and her uncle's family in recent times, Ramya left TRS along with her husband Regulapati Madhusudana Rao, a TRS founder member who before leaving the party had been the vice-president of the party unit in Karimnagar district. No wonder then that Ramya lapped up the opportunity provided by the Telangana unit of RLD, the TRLD, which was launched by Singh last Sunday. The vocal lady has been appointed head of the women's wing of TRLD.For Ramya, a new party dedicated to the Telangana cause was a welcome development. \"What is wrong in having another Telangana party in the region,\" was her reply when asked why she had opted for a new party. She was hopeful that Singh's clout would be helpful in realising the T-dream.Unlike Kavita, Ramya does not want to identify with her paternal surname Kalvakuntla. \"Using father's surname after marriage is not Telangana culture. I would rather like to be known as Regulapati Ramya,\" she said.Ramya is the second family-member to revolt against KCR and his party, the first being Umesh Rao who has since joined the Congress. Umesh Rao is the son of KCR's sister. Ramya is the daughter of late K Ranga Rao, KCR's elder brother and the founder of TRS.Ramya is planning to launch a parallel Batukamma Pandaga to make RLD popular among the women of the region. \"There is no time for me to tour all the districts. Still, I would like to cover the three districts of Karimnagar, Medak and Nizamabad,\" she said.Though she did not want to talk about Kavita, she had strong reservations about the contribution made by Telangana Jagruthi to the Telangana cause. \"You please tell me what her contribution to the Telangana cause has been in the past ten years,\" she retorted when asked about Kavita's contribution to the separate statehood movement. She cautioned that her Batukamma Pandaga should not be construed as being no more than an excuse for her to vye with Kavita for political ends. \"I have my own way of participating in Telangana politics. You will see it in the field soon,\" she said.Refusing to elaborate on the differences with the TRS, Ramya said the TRLD would become a real party of the Telangana people. \"For Telangana, the party has formulated a regional ideology. We want to build the party on the slogan of 'cause Vyavasayam and Samajika Nyayam' (agriculture and social justice),\" she said. The farmer was the pillar of Charan Singh politics in North India and now in Telangana, TRLD would integrate the farmer with social justice, she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16803948", "title": "Will act over unpaid VAT dues: Tax chief", "text": "NASHIK: Sales tax Commissioner Sanjay Bhatia on Friday warned builders of stern action either for not getting registered with the department or for not clearing value-added tax dues after getting registered.The last date for registration is October 15 and for clearing dues is October 31.\"The state expects revenue collection of Rs 3,000 crore from the builders in the state under the VAT Value Added Tax head. Though the number of builders registered with the department is hugevery big, there still remain large numbers who are not registered as yet. of them who haven't registered.While not all the registered builders have cleared their dues, we are sure the last week of October will see realization of the actual figures. Those left out will face action,\" Bhatia said.Following the inauguration of the counselling cell for middle and lower income tax payers and the large tax unit - exclusively arranged for bigger tax payers (beyond Rs 1 crore) on Friday, Bhatia pointed out that the Nashik zone had realized receipts worth Rs 1,494 crore till September 2012, which was over the target of Rs 1,394 crore, despite the economy being in a recession. He further added that the rise was 30% as against the state performance of 13% beyond the target for the corresponding period.Speaking about hawala dealers, the commissioner said Rs 14 crore had been recovered from 806 beneficiaries identified in Nashik so far. \"In Mumbai cases against 150 people - hawala operators and few beneficiaries have been filed. In Nashik and in the state too, those who are yet not responding to the appeals by the department may face the disciplinary action,\" Bhatia said.In all 1,360 operators were identified so far in the Rs 1200-crore hawala-scam in the state with the amount of beneficiaries crossing the 38,000-mark.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16806806", "title": "'Unglee': Sanjay Dutt to shoot in 60 locations of Mumbai", "text": "Sanjay Dutt has done some very dangerous things in real and reel life. But his real-time real-location cops' action scenes for Rensil d'Silva's Unglee, beats them all.Dutt would not only be shooting in some of the most crowded areas of Mumbai, he would also be chasing down his opponents and hammering his adversaries to a pulp right there in the heart of Mumbai. All this without organized crowds of junior artistes surrounding Dutt.Security would be a distance away, far from camera range. From October 16, Sanjay Dutt starts shooting for Rensil d'Silva's Unglee where Dutt once again plays a cop. This is Dutt's fourth cops' role in a row after Ram Gopal Varma's Department, Vinod Bachchan's Zilla Ghaziabad and the Hindi remake of the Telugu hit Samy.The tough part of keeping Dutt's part in Unglee apart from the dozens of cops' films the actor has done in his career, was to be taken care of through rehearsals and workshops. Alas, there was no time to let the actor prepare. And Dutt starts shooting for Unglee from October 16 on the streets of Mumbai without space for preparation.Defending his actors' lack of preparation, director Rensil d'Silva says, \"Whether it's Sanjay Dutt or Emraan Hashmi, these are thoroughly professional actors. Give them their lines and they'd know what to do within no time. I have been working on the script for a while now. One of the reasons why I took time to start Unglee was because I wanted to know my characters better than anyone else on location. The other reason was Student Of The Year. I was writing Karan Johar's film simultaneously with my own Unglee .\"Rensil admits there was no time for rehearsals. \"This is a very realistic film. It's an ensemble cast. I want every actor who stands in a frame to be sharply etched. Yes, Sanjay Dutt has played the cop many times before. But never one of this nature. As far as rehearsals go, both Sanjay Dutt and Emraan Hashmi have been pretty busy.\"The film will be shot in 60 different locations in Mumbai. Dutt, we hear, would have to be part of real crowd scenes. Says a source, \"The outdoor chase and fight sequences would not be shot in the presence of junior artistes playing mobs and crowds. Dutt would have to fight his way through a gauntlet of authentic bystanders while enacting the action scenes. This is a potentially dangerous situation for an actor of Dutt's image. It's about creating maara-maari (violence) on the streets.And that's dangerous.\"Rensil has ruled out shooting the film in a studio since Dutt's previous cop act in the Hindi remake of Samy is being shot in a studio. \"There are no studio shots in Unglee . It's all going to be done on real locations. God knows we've gone through hell to get permission for all the locations. But we've managed,\" says Renzil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16803218", "title": "Tamil Nadu medical colleges to begin 2nd year classes three weeks late", "text": "CHENNAI: The state medical university has postponed announcing the results for first-year medical students by at least two weeks, and colleges say they will have to ask students to attend special classes on Saturdays or additional hours during the week to make up for the delay.On Saturday, after a recommendation from the directorate of medical education, the Tamil Nadu Dr MGR Medical University withdrew its decision to allow colleges to start classes for the next academic year before the results are declared. The announcement was published on the university's webpage on Saturday. \"This means we will be delayed by at least three weeks for the academic year. Unless, we work on Saturdays we may not be able to complete portions,\" said a senior faculty at the Madras Medical College.On October 8, the Tamil Nadu Dr MGR Medical University deferred the first-year MBBS results although it had completed the evaluation of papers as it was awaiting directions from the Medical Council of India on the minimum marks to clear a paper. The university has made it mandatory for students to pass all theory, oral and practical exams to progress to the second year. Students earlier only needed a combined score of 50% from two anatomy papers, but now they have to score a minimum of 50% in each test. But the university had told colleges to start classes for the next academic year.Following this, many government colleges told the directorate of medical education that there would be \"adminstrative and legal\" problems if students were allowed to attend classes for the next academic year before the results are declared. \"We wanted the colleges to start classes because we thought they would find it difficult to complete portions otherwise. But the health department said they did not want to take any risk,\" so we agreed said a senior university official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16804741", "title": "Students de-stress with garba", "text": "AHMEDABAD: These days, students at National Institute of Design (NID) are enthusiastic even after a long, hectic day of class, projects and presentations. For, after class signals the beginning of the garba practice session, which goes on till 2 am.Navratri comes as a big break for students at various institutes in Ahmedabad, who battle stress on a daily basis. And students across institutes are busy mastering the complicated garba steps.Shambavi Tiwari, coordinator for garba at NID, said, \"Garba sessions are stress busters for us. We work the entire day and get tired but nobody bunks the fun garba sessions. The seniors teach the juniors typical garba steps with the taalis while the dhol plays in the background. Most of the students have also finished their Navratri shopping.\"NID, Centre for Environmental Planning and Technology (CEPT) University and Mudra Institute of Communication, Ahmedabad (MICA) are among the popular hot spots of sheri garba in Ahmedabad.The revelry on campuses begins much before the nine nights of festivities begin. Students decorate the campus using paintings, lamps, matkas and sculptures.Students of CEPT University give a twist to the garba, yet maintaining the essence of the Gujarati tradition. \"Our garba does not involve the claps or the taali but has slow, graceful hand gestures and movements. The garba attire is very non conventional with students opting for long, printed skirts and simple spaghetti tops and a dupatta instead of the heavy chaniya choli.\"We do not encourage Bollywood music or orchestras but invite a mandali from a village in Gujarat, which dishes out Gujarati folk music,\" said Mansi Patel, a final year student of School of Interior Design at CEPT.Navratri is the time when MICA celebrates its annual cultural festival, Oorja. It is a two-day event with a pre-week long celebration. This year, the theme for the week is the Crazy Week. For seven days, students have several activities and have to dress in a certain way. For instance, the first day was celebrated as Torn Day, where everyone had to wear something ragged, cut or torn the whole day.\"Students are looking forward to the garba and dandia sessions to be held for four days. Themes include Go Green, Inside Out Clothes, Cartoon Tees and so on. Oorja 2012 will end on October 20 with dandia night where other colleges are also invited,\" said Vidya Nair from the cultural committee at MICA.The Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad and Indian Institute of Technology, Gandhinagar also host garba night and invite students from other institutes to join in the festivities.However, unlike previous years when the events were open to general public through passes, this year the institutes have kept the garba closed for outsiders. \"We have decided to keep the festivities only for our community this year and are not making it commercial,\" said Tiwari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16806489", "title": "99% crash in vulture population reported by Bombay Natural History Society", "text": "MUMBAI: There has been a 99 per cent crash in the vulture population from the mid of 1990s till now, reported the Bombay Natural History Society (BNHS). The main reason for the depleting population was found to be a veterinary drug given to cattle, whose carcass the vultures are known to consume.The BNHS reports said that the Diclofenac veterinary use was the prime reason for the crash in vulture population as the vultures devouring cattle treated with the drug, died of kidney failure. The Diclofenac veterinary use was banned by government of India in 2006 after advocacy by the BNHS and other animal rights organizations, human Diclofenac is still used for cattle. Though, after repeated campaigns, the drug use has been brought down, potentially unsafe drugs like Ketoprofen and Aceclofenac are still used in veterinary.BNHS is currently running three vulture breeding centres with RSPB and state government help in Haryana, West Bengal and Assam. Five other centres are running in various states by the government. BNHS would be releasing 600 pairs for the three endangered Gyps vultures into the wild. BNHS doing double clutching of vulture eggs in captivity, wherein the first laid egg is removed for artificial incubation, so that the pair lays another egg\u00b7BNHS intends to release 600 pairs of the three Gyps vulture species eventually into the wild\u00b7", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16804282", "title": "Make Puri, Konark temples tourist friendly: Anandji Virji Shah", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Noted music director Anandji Virji Shah of famous composer duo Kalayanji-Anandji has suggested to the state government to make the Jagannath temple in Puri and Konark 'tourist friendly'. He suggested this to tourism minister Maheshwar Mohanty when the latter presented him the Akshaya Samman award here on Friday.\"Facilities and provisions in both the temples are not adequate, especially for senior citizens, who visit the places in large numbers from across the country every day. The temples should be clean and hygienic and there should be rest sheds for them,\" Anandji told ToI in an interview here on Saturday. Giving the example of Gujarat's Somnath temple he said, \"The whole process of darshan is so smooth and hassle free. Everything is so organized there.\"The veteran music composer also suggested, \"A film should be made on the marvelous monument of Konark Sun Temple in different languages, which should be shown to visitors before entering the temple. It would help them in understanding the architectural grandeur better and to view the intricate carvings on the temple walls.\"Anandji was in the city to receive the sixth Akshaya Samman for his contribution to the field of music. \"I am overwhelmed by the love and affection of Odia people for Akshaya Mohanty. He was a legend in the true sense. And I am glad that the award in his name is not restricted to any language but to people who contributed to music,\" he said.Describing today's film music as 'fast food', Anandji said, \"Society has changed. Everything has become so superficial. There is no emotion either in real life or in films. There is no storyline based on which a music director would compose a soulful and soothing song. Rather songs these days are composed for dance sequences like 'Jalebi bai', 'Bijli bai' and so on.\" He added, \"The main aim of music was to improve the society from its drawbacks but now it is not fulfilling its purpose. But old things will revive again and time will make everything right.\"On reality shows, Anandji said, \"It is our duty to provide a platform to the next generation talents but we cannot impose something on them. Success does not always mean to be a playback singer but if you have knowledge and you are a good human being then you are a successful person.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16809330", "title": "Rajamouli-Prabhas new movie budget", "text": "This is the hot topic in the filmy circles of Telugu industry. Rajamouli's latest movie Eega had made a merry at Telugu and Tamil box offices and is all set to attack Bollywood this week. And now all eyes are fixed on Rajamouli's next movie with Prabhas in the main lead. The movie budget is said to be 100 Crore and will be released in Hindi and all South Indian languages simultaneously.Arka media, the producer of this project are saying that the movie is going to cost them a whopping 100 Crore. The movie will go on to sets in December. A huge set worth 10 Crore is being erected for the movie in 30 acres of land in the outskirts of Hyderabad.Source: www.haihoi.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16803672", "title": "South Goa planning and development authority issues stop-work order to builder", "text": "MARGAO: The South Goa planning and development authority (SGPDA) on Saturday issued a stop-work order to a private real estate company, directing it to stop any digging or other development or construction activity on their project sites behind the power house, Aquem-Margao.The SGPDA order comes following complaints filed by the Navelim civic and consumer forum and the subsequent inspection carried out by the water resources department (WRD) on the grounds that 'in the event the development is allowed to continue, the underground table will be rapidly diminished leading to drying up of the surrounding water bodies, including wells, and make cultivation impossible'.SGPDA further issued and a show cause notice asking the company to show sufficient cause within 15 days, failing which the SGPDA would proceed to act against it.SGPDA member secretary Rajesh Naik further pointed out that the land clearly belonged to the comunidade.WRD's senior hydrologist N Sonasundaram had inspected the site on August 24.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16803016", "title": "MBA graduates take Common Admission Test to help coaching centres", "text": "CHENNAI: On Thursday morning, while other MBA aspirants had butterflies in their stomachs, Sanjay Gajendran (name changed), exuded quiet confidence as he lined up with the others for biometric screening before being allowed into the Common Admission Test centre. And, why wouldn't he, when he is an IIM graduate, who has taken the test five times in the past 15 years.\"I can crack CAT with my eyes closed. The real test was actually getting past the screening as a young candidate about to appear for his first CAT,\" said Gajendran, who passed out of IIM-Calcutta in 1997 and is now chief executive officer and founder of a growing coaching centre with five branches across the country. \"I opted for jeans and a T-shirt over my regular dark blazers over white shirt,\" he added with a laugh.Among the 2.14 lakh MBA aspirants taking the CAT over the coming days are a good many management graduates, who are faculty members of coaching centres. They do it for two reasons: One, to understand the changing levels of difficulty every year, and equip themselves to coach their students better; and two, to score high percentile points which could be attributed to their coaching centres for advertising, even while keeping their individual identities under wraps.\"Students are too tense and in a hurry to analyse the paper and they are unable to gauge the difficulty level. This way we can do it ourselves and help our students give their best shot,\" Sridharan (name changed), a faculty member of a popular coaching centre and former XLRI alumni, said.Coaching institutes are only too happy to flaunt the fact that their faculty members are able to get a 99.89 percentile in CAT even now. An IIM alumnus as a faculty member has a good market value, and an IIM alumnus with good CAT scores for several years is hotter property. Some list the number of times the person, who passed out of a different institution, has got a call from the IIMs.Academics said that cracking the test also helps prospective faculty boost their resume. Big coaching centres that get several of their faculty to take the test at a time can even recreate a major part of the question paper. These question papers are in demand and are sold at a good price, report candidates. The IIMs are unable to check this trend, because there is no curb on the number of attempts on CAT, and even an alumnus can take CAT again if he wants to get into the IIM's PhD - Fellow Programme in Management.S Sriganesh, an IIM alumnus running coaching centre Dreamchasers, said, \"I can probably finish the paper in half the time given, but I don't have anything to prove now. I proved it when I was 21 and got an IIM seat. I think this practice is unethical.\" He suggests that faculty members who want to take CAT to help their candidates should at least not mark the answers so it doesn't mess with the results.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16803405", "title": "Two Dharavi workers die of poisoning", "text": "MUMBAI: Two persons died while two others are in hospital after suffering from food poisoning at a dyeing unit in Dharavi on Saturday. The four men, who worked at Pandit Dyeing Factory at Manjuwadi in Dharavi, suddenly took ill after lunch.Sharda Prasad Mishra (35) and Ramesh Kumar (45) died after within an hour of being admitted to Sion hospital. Ram Babu Mishra (32) and Rajendra Kumar are receiving treatment. All four used to stay and cook together in a room in the factory.On Saturday, the workers complained of giddiness after lunch and started frothing at the mouth. The assistant medical officer at Sion hospital said all four were affected by meth haemoglobin poisoning but the forensic reports are awaited. Cops are looking into the foul play angle.\"Both are stable and are recuperating,\" said the assistant medical officer. \"They suffered from respiratory distress because of meth hemoglobin poisoning. The compound may have fallen in the food from the dying chemicals. But nothing can be said for sure before the result of forensic reports come,\" he said.The samples of food, colour from the dyeing factory, patient's stomach and hand-wash have been sent to the Central Forensic Sciences Laboratory in Kalina for tests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16808051", "title": "Actress Digangana Suryavanshi pens a book of lyrics", "text": "Inspired by Miley Cyrus , Digangana Suryavanshi is all set to release her first book of lyrics14-year-old actor, Digangana Suryavanshi, who has worked in shows like Shakuntala - Ek Prem Kahani, Kya Hadsa Kya Haquekat, Krishna Arjun and was last seen in Hemal Thakkar's Ruk Jana Nahin, has penned a book of lyrics. \"I started to write songs at the age of five.Initially I wrote them in Hindi but since I was young and did not know how to write, my mom used to write on my behalf. But I never liked someone else writing for me. In school my first language was English, so the only language I could write in was English. That is how I started writing in English,\" she says. Speak about inspiration and the actress adds, \"Miley Cyrus has always been an inspiration for me. I did not even realise how and when writing and singing in English turned into a habit. It's become a part of me and I am highly passionate about it. At the same time, I don't really think that language makes a difference,\" she says adding, \"It is all about expressing and making people understand what I think and feel.\"She has already written 150 songs in two languages. \"It is then that the idea of the book came in my mom's mind. We approached a publisher who was convinced and thus my personal diary has turned into a book of lyrics and will reach the world on my fifteenth birthday on October 15.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16804871", "title": "All-girl teams pedal to limelight", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Efficycle-2012, a contest to design the most innovative human-electric power hybrid vehicle is witnessing three all girl teams from Odisha, Madhya Pradesh and Delhi, stealing the show at the University Institute of Engineering and Technology (UIET) campus.In what was traditionally a male-dominated contest, these female engineering students have given a fresh outlook to the event that ends on Sunday. From conceiving the idea, designing to fabricating a three- wheel vehicle capable of seating two passengers that cater to day-to-day mobility needs, these students are getting all geared up for the final day. A total of 61 teams are participating.\"The survivors\" from Indira Gandhi Institute of Technology, Delhi, have created a machine christened, \"The Zeal\". What makes it stand out is its \"mobile charger,\" as an add-on feature that runs on motional energy of the cycle. \"We decided to include something innovative in the machine and hence this mobile charger,\" said Charul Chadha, a team member. This all girls team has seven members, who were busy getting all technical tests cleared for their machine \u2014 which cost Rs 28,000 \u2014 on Saturday.Yet another team \"G S Racers\" from Shri Govindram Seksaria Institute of Technology and Science, Indore, created a machine worth Rs 33,970 with a special feature of rear wheel. \"We decided to take support through a rear wheel so that the effort to drive the machine is reduced drastically,\" said Pooja Kotari, the captain of G S Racers, which comprises 11 members.The third team, \"Acceloracerz\" from Veer Surendra Sai University of Technology, Odisha too is an all girls team that is pitted against 60 other teams at the event. On Saturday, all teams were seen testing their vehicles for various things like acceleration, manoeuvrability and gradient to gain credits for cumulative evaluation for prizes.The machines were tested for their cost, brake and acceleration, design and several other parameters, besides marketing, said Kushal Walia, an organizer of the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16802941", "title": "RWAs in Gurgaon to take over admin work", "text": "GURGAON: In a major development, the Department of Town and Country Planning (DTCP) has instructed builders of condominiums to hand over administration work to all residents welfare associations (RWA) in Haryana.The recent direction aims to safeguard the rights of flat owners in apartments where the builders continue to call the shots despite formation of the RWA. In over 100 apartments in Gurgaon, thousands of flat owners continue to pay builders for everything from power backup to maintenance, though they have been living there for several years.\"This is a big victory for flat owners as residents can now take control of the apartments and will have a say in all matters, including maintenance charges and power backup,\" said Raman Sharma, president of Gurgaon Progressive Forum, an umbrella body of RWAs in Gurgaon.In the instruction \u2014 TOI has a copy \u2014 DTCP has clearly said the colonizer, as defined in Haryana Development and Regulation of Urban Areas Act, 1975, will transfer the administration of the condominium to the RWA immediately after the grant of part occupation certificate/ occupation certificate/part completion certificate/ completion certificate for that part of group housing colony.Sachin Gupta, president, Nirvana , Close South Apartment Owners Association, said this will empower RWAs in the real sense. Sharma said according to the Haryana Apartments Ownership Act, a builder has to hand over the complex to the elected RWA within 90 days of obtaining the occupation certificate. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16804079", "title": "Oil ministry scraps cap on LPG cylinders to flats", "text": "KOCHI: This Sunday morning brings you good news, apartment dwellers. The six-cylinder cap on subsidised LPG refills has been scrapped.The oil ministry has decided to lift the cap of six subsidised LPG cylinders for flats with reticulated gas connection irrespective of the number of dwelling units in it.An apartment complex with reticulated system will not be considered as a single unit. Each flat in the complex will be counted as a separate unit entitled for subsidised LPG.They will now be entitled for six subsidised cylinders provided they don't have individual domestic connections, an official of the Indian Oil Corporation told TOI here. \"Being a directive from the oil ministry, it will be applicable to all the oil companies across the country,'' he said.Respective societies will have to submit details of its occupants in a prescribed format along with an affidavit stating that they don't enjoy separate LPG connections (confirming that they will draw gas from the reticulated system only), the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16803382", "title": "Prerna buries ghosts to claim title; Jeevan on a merry cruise", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prerna Bhambri, on Saturday, made amends for last year's debacle when she crashed out of the Fenesta Open National tennis championship in the first round. Anything less than the winner's trophy wouldn't have erased the scars of that defeat and the Delhi girl held her nerve to walk out of the Delhi Lawn Tennis Association complex with the women's title here on Saturday.Up against top seed Rishika Sunkara, Prerna took time to get her bearings right, dropping the first set 2-6. However, the second seed raised her game to take the next set 7-6 in the tie-breaker. The final came to an unfortunate end with Rishika conceding the match due to injury even as Prerna was dominating the third set at 4-1.In the men's singles, Jeevan Nedunchezhiya outplayed unexpected finalist Arjun Khade 7-6 (4), 6-1.Sania proposal gets the nodThe prize money for the women's singles winner was raised from Rs 65,000 to Rs one lakh on the suggestion of Sania Mirza. Ajay Shriram, chairman &amp; senior managing director, DSCL announced this, giving credit to Sania who wanted the prize money for the women's singles finalists to be at par with men's singles finalists who get Rs 1.5 lakh and 1 lakh respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16805068", "title": "Gulf dreams turn sour for Tamil Nadu fishers", "text": "CHENNAI: A large number of fishermen from Tamil Nadu, employed in the Gulf, are languishing in prisons in Iran, Qatar and Saudi Arabia, mostly for a minor offence of crossing maritime boundaries.The issue came under the spotlight again after the Chennai-based Migrant Workers' Forum urged the Centre to take steps to free several fishermen lodged in Iran jails.In most cases, local employers of the fishermen wash their hands off the issue and the men are left to fend for themselves, say forum representatives . In the case of 27 fishermen arrested by Iran authorities and lodged in a jail in Kish Island, there has been no help forthcoming. Even Indian diplomats in Tehran had no clue about these fishermen languishing in prisons.On October 6, 22 fishermen, all Tamils hailing from Kanyakumari and employed in Bahrain , strayed into Qatar waters and were arrested. Four days later, 29 Tamil fishermen from Dubai and Qatar, who strayed into Iran territorial waters due to rough weather, were picked up by authorities and lodged in ajail in Kish Island.Fishermen from coastal villages of Kanyakumari fly out to Bahrain, Qatar, UAE and Saudi Arabia lured by high salaries . \"We were promised Rs 40,000 per month salary, but we are being paid only Rs 15,000,\" said Stalin Joseph, a fisherman employed in Jeddah and now home on leave. \"I have paid more than Rs one lakh to the agent who got me the job. I have to pay back loans and I really don't know how long I am going to be stuck there without my family. The living conditions are pathetic. I was happy in Tamil Nadu,\" he said.For Maria Susai, a resident of Kanyakumari district and a father of three children, the Dubai dream crashed soon after he landed there. He was taken to a cramped dwelling near the coast to live along with 17 other fishermen.\"The heat was killing and long days on the high seas affected my health. I was there for six months and begged my sponsor to help me return home,\" said Susai. His family had sold a piece of land to send him to Dubai. \"Today, I have returned home with nothing,\" he said.\"These are poor fishermen, who have committed no grave crime. Our government should intervene on their behalf and release them,\" said Sister M Valarmathi, state coordinator of the Migrant Workers' Forum and National Domestic Workers' Movement , working for the cause of fishermen.Valarmathi urged the Tamil Nadu government to set up a separate cell to handle such cases as liaising with New Delhi had constraints of language problem. \"It is very difficult to sight the borders in the Gulf as in most areas there are no buoys, which are used as markers. Only when a country's coastguard comes near our boat brandishing guns do we know that we are in trouble,\" said Susai. These fishermen are not given GPS systems. They venture out with their native knowledge of the sea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16803401", "title": "Diesel price hike makes goats dearer", "text": "MUMBAI: Rise in diesel prices has made transportation of goats and sheep to the city costlier this Bakri Eid. The Muslim festival of Eidu-ul-Adha or Bakri Eid will be celebrated on either October 26 or 27. Animal sacrifice is part of the Bakri Eid rituals.Around 50,000 goats and sheep have already reached the Deonar abattoir. However, traders complain that high diesel and petrol prices, combined with taxes, have sent up the prices of the goats.\"For 100 goats and sheep, we are paying Rs 60,000-70,000 in transportation alone. This will push up goat prices and many customers may cut down their budget,\" said Aslam Qureishi, president, All India Sheep and Goat Breeders and Dealers' Association.Most sheep and goats for Mumbai are brought from Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh. Rules say that after every 50km, the animals be allowed to graze and drink water.\"There's always danger of criminals taking away some animals,\" said Qureishi. Traders say VHP and Bajrang Dal activists harass them while they transport the animals. \"We are fed up with the harassment from VHP workers before we bring the animals to the slaughter house,\" said Zarar Qurieshi of the Qureishi Jamaat. Qureishis are traditionally into meat business.\"We have a meeting with CM Prithviraj Chavan and other senior officials on October 15 regarding maintaining peace during the Bakrid festival. The issue of alleged harassment of animal traders by the VHP activists too will be discussed at the meeting,\" said minority affairs minister Naseem Khan.High price of goats is forcing many Muslims in the city to cut down on the number of animals they will sacrifice during Bakrid. \"In the previous years I sacrificed two to three goats during Bakrid. I will be lucky if I sacrifice at least one goat as the prices of have gone up,\" said Sameer Khan, a Mira Road resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16808773", "title": "NTR\u2019s Baadshah starts new schedule", "text": "NTR will resume shooting for his forthcoming entertainer Baadshah in Hyderabad on Sunday. Director Sreenu Vaitla will be filming talkie part scenes on NTR and other support cast, along with a song in this schedule. The unit recently shot a song on NTR in various locations in Hyderabad after wrapping up Europe and Bangkok schedule.Navdeep, who has been seen in more cameos than lead roles in the recent past, will be playing the main villain in this film. Kajal Aggarwal is playing the female lead and SS Thaman is scoring the music while Gopi Mohan and Kona Venkat are providing the script. Other cast includes Prakash Raj, Ritu Varma, Ajay and Supreet. The film is slated for release in 2013 summer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "16803693", "title": "Row over NHAI's 'narrow' vision for Nada Sahib Gurdwara", "text": "PANCHKULA: In what may cause traffic congestion and inconvenience to the pilgrims visiting the historic 'Nada Sahib' Gurudwara near Panchkula, the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI), has proposed to connect the gurudwara only through the pedestrian underpass. In its plans for four-laning of Panchkula-Yamunanagr section of NH-73, the NHAI will not allow the right turn for vehicles on the elevated road in front of gurdwara, a route commonly taken by the vehicles.According to the information recently provided by the NHAI pertaining to the connectivity on the proposed four-lane highway, the historic 'Nada Sahib' Gurdwara will have no provisions for any other vehicular underpass for the historic gurudwara.While for the other residential sectors situated on the highway a provision has been made for a median opening and vehicular underpass.Surprised over the NHAI's decision, advocate Vijay Bansal, president of Shivalik Vikas Manch, has shot off a letter to the chairman of the NHAI to review the decision and make provision for two vehicular underpasses of 20 metres each, so that the pilgrims do not face any traffic problem during their visit.\"In the absence of any vehicular lane on the proposed four-lane road to the gurdwara, there would be huge traffic chaos on the service lane as the pilgrims would be forced either to park their vehicles on the road or to take a u-turn which would lead huge traffic congestion on the highway,\" Bansal said.Importantly, SGPC-run Nada Sahib Gurdwara has a spacious building on the highway with a huge three-storey parking and Langar hall.When contacted, Project Director, NHAI, Anil Dahiya, told TOI that the plan of proposed four lining of NH-73 has the provision of pedestrian underpass only on the elevated road in front of the gurdwara and no vehicles would be allowed to take a right turn, after the work is through.Besides, the NHAI has also made the provision of 12-metre vehicular underpass to connect with Sector 25 and 26 but the locals have asked the NHAI to make three vehicular underpasses of 20-metre span.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16809534", "title": "Sushil Kumar eager to be at BIC during 2nd Indian Grand Prix", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the second edition of the Indian Grand Prix just a few days away, country's new sporting icon Sushil Kumar says he would love to witness the high speed action at the Buddh International Circuit (BIC) on October 28.Though he doesn't have liking for any particular team or driver, Sushil said he has been following the sport on the television for a while now.Asked if he received any invitation from the organisers so far, the record successive Olympic medal winning grappler said: \"No, I have not received any invite from the organisers till now. But yes, I would definitely like to be a witness to all the action.\"Last year the event saw cricketing genius, Sachin Tendulkar , who is an avid lover of the sport, flagging off the race and it remains to be seen who will set the wheels rolling this year.Sushil became the new poster boy of the Indian sport after he managed to change the colour of his medal from brown to a glittering silver at the London Olympics in August this year.His growing stature has fetched him endorsement offers reportedly to the tune of Rs one crore, apart from a Rs 50 lakh offer by a liquor brand, which he happily declined.Asked why he turned down the lucrative offer, the ever so modest wrestler said: \"If I would have said yes to the deal what impact it would have on the younger generation who wants to represent the country at the highest level and treat me as their role model.\"As a part of the deal, Sushil was to appear in a surrogate advertisement for the brand.\"Before the Olympics while we were preparing at the USA, I got to know that a famous American athlete has been put behind bars and when I asked somebody why he was imprisoned, I was told that he has taken to drugs and it will send a wrong message to the youth. By this what I mean to say is that such deals do more harm than good to the society,\" said the 29-year-old.\"I have got great love and respect from all my countrymen and I genuinely believe that doing such an advertisement would not have been a great gesture,\" Sushil, who endorses the brands like Mountain Dew, Eicher tractors, Ralson Tyres and National Egg Coordination Committee (NECC), said.Asked about the future events and whether he was going to be a part of the upcoming Wrestling Nationals, Sushil said he was not intimated about the event by the federation (Wrestling Federation of India) so far but added that it would be too hard for him to be a part of the event.\"I have not been intimated about the event so far but I believe even the federation realises that it would be a bit hard on us particularly after going through the strenuous practise for the Olympics,\" he said.He added that action will only begin for him in the new year as there were no major engagements left in the season now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16803721", "title": "Seafarers go to NRI commissioner with pension suggestions", "text": "MARGAO: The Goa seamen association of India (GSAI) has submitted a memorandum to the office of the commissioner of NRI affairs with suggestions on how to go about implementing the much- anticipated pension scheme for retired seafarers.The GSAI has suggested a procedure where they have to submit their continuous discharge certificate (CDC\u2014 seafarer's identity) and also for Dayanand Social Security (DSS) scheme holders, to submit their DSS account details as identity proof to make the process more transparent and easier.\"The idea is to reduce the amount of formalities giving due consideration to the old age of the retired seafarers,,\" said GSAI secretary Michael Beny Da Costa\"The CDC will establish that the person seeking the scheme is a seafarer as a CDC is a must,\" he added.Da Costa clarified that for those existing DSS holders who are seeking the pension scheme, they would get paid only from the pension scheme and not both the DSS and the pension scheme together.Incidentally, GSAI members had earlier made it clear to the government that forms for the pension scheme of 2,500 a month should be made available at banks and not at the offices of MLAS, a demand already accepted by the government.GSAI members further appealed for the quick implementation of the scheme.\"We had requested the government to contact the national union of seafarers of India (NUSI) general secretary, Abdulgani Y Serang, as we want a joint meeting with a representative of the state government, NUSI and GSAI on one table,\" added Da Costa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16804841", "title": "Youth stabbed to death in Danilimda", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A youth was stabbed to death by unidentified assailants in Danilimda. His body was found from Calico Mill compound on Saturday morning. Police said that the youth was killed over the issue of elopement and love marriage.Danilimda police officials identified the deceased as Rahul Bhavsar, 17, a resident of Saibabanagar Society, CTM. \"We ascertained his identity through the documents found from his wallet. His family members said that Rahul had been missing for the past three days,\" said a Danilimda police official.Rahul's family members alleged in their complaint that Rahul was threatened by family members of his wife with whom he had eloped and secretly married. \"The woman's relatives had allegedly threatened him with dire consequences, claimed Rahul's family members. They've named Hitesh Raju as the prime suspect in the case,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16804550", "title": "Cinema in backyard irks Chittaranjan Park", "text": "Almost a decade after Chandralok Cinema in Chittaranjan Park, south Delhi, was shut down, Delhi Development Authority (DDA) at a recent meeting decided to come out with a policy that might enable it and six other temporary halls to start functioning again. The move, however, has got residents of the area protesting furiously with the apex residents' association shooting off a letter to L-G Tejindra Khanna and Delhi Development Authority against any such move.The hall is located on the edge of Chittaranjan Park, right in front of a densely populated neighbourhood. The road in front of it is just 12 metres wide and gives access to the residential blocks ahead which stretch right up to Greater Kailash-II . The hall had never been much of an issue since, because of its lack of any pretensions - it's a long shed with sloping asbestos roof and had cheap tickets - it was frequented by workers in the area. It was, however, closed down in 2002.At the Authority meeting held last week, it was decided to give seven temporary cinemas a new lease of life. `` These cinemas have been in existence for a long time but have no legal status. They can be regularized with certain conditions. It was decided that FAR for these cinemas will be up to 100, subject to a maximum of 2000 sq m of built up area,'' said officials.The owner of Chandralok Cinema, Sardool Singh, said that if the hall was regularized by DDA, they would definitely re-open it. The other temporary cinemas which are being considered for regularization are Suraj, Seble, Raj, Swaran, Hans and Lokesh.In this era of multiplexes, it would seem naive to assume that if Chandralok reopens, it will resume its low-investment , low-key operation . This is giving sleepless nights to the residents of the area. Traffic and security are the main issues.Dinesh Aggarwal, who lives adjacent to the hall, said: `` The road is much too narrow to accommodate any additional traffic that would definitely come if it is opened again.'' R N Mazumdar, who lives opposite the hall added: `` This is a residential neighbourhood, and as residents of this colony, we oppose any move to open the hall again.''The CR Park RWA, East Pakistan Displaced Persons (EPDP) Association, has been protesting against the temporary hall since the 1970s without much success. `` The road width is not more than 12m and two cars coming from opposite directions can barely pass each other. The area is not even approachable for fire tenders. Then, there are problems like noise pollution and environmental concerns. If the hall is opened, outsiders will pose a security nightmare. We have written to the LG, UD minister, DDA vice-chairman and UTTIPEC to oppose any plans for opening the hall,'' said PK Paul, general secretary of the association.DDA officials, however, pointed out that all these halls will have to fulfill certain norms before they can be regularized. \"There has to be a minimum of 300 seats, which could go up to 1,000. The width of the road in front has to be 18m and there should be a provision for parking space for one car per 25 seats. The maximum ground coverage allowed will be 50% with an FAR of 60 and the height limit is 15m,'' said an official. There are also other conditions like land use conversion charges, FAR charges and betterment levies. `The cinema has to conform to the Cinematography Act and other statutory provisions. The local body and licensing authorities have to ensure that the above conditions are complied with before renewing the licence,'' added the officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "mansa", "code": "16808326", "title": "Spurious desi ghee recovered", "text": "MANSA: Budhlada police of district Mansa has recovered a consignment of 830 kg spurious Desi Ghee and has arrested three persons. The ghee was in the packing of 200 gm, 500 gm, 1kg, 15 kg. The police have registered case under essential commodities act and forgery.On a tip off a police party raided at the shop of Navdeep Kumar at Budhlada and recovered 830 kg of spurious ghee from a small canter. Budhlada SHO Gurdarshan Singh said taking along the officials of health department the police succeeded in arresting driver Gurjant Singh of Sunam, Baljinder Singh and Navdeep Kumar whereas police is looking after factory owner Sanjiv Kumar, where spurious was being prepared.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16804027", "title": "Nagpur University to probe \u2018illegal\u2019 admissions to PGDCS computer science diploma", "text": "NAGPUR: A week after TOI exposed how Nagpur University and other colleges gave admissions to ineligible students to post BSc diploma in computer science and application (PGDCS&A;), pro-vice chancellor Mahesh Yenkie, who is in-charge of the exam section, ordered a probe to verify the allegations.\"I have asked officials to find out if ineligible students were in fact given admission to the course as published in TOI. If the allegations are found true, their admissions will be cancelled,\" Yenkie assured.He reiterated his stand taken in case of MCA scam that strict action would be initiated against the erring colleges which granted admission to the 'ineligible' students in PGDCS&A; course by flouting norms. \"We will act as per high court's orders which clearly state that 'ineligible' students shouldn't be admitted in any course,\" he said.\"The colleges can't escape their responsibility by pointing fingers towards NU that it failed to apprise them of rules and regulations. It's the principal's duty to ensure that only eligible students were granted admission as per the norms,\" he said.Controller of Examinations (CoE) Vilas Ramteke couldn't be contacted despite repeated attempts.Citing Ordinance No. 24 of 2009, TOI had reported that nearly thousand admissions were made by flouting norms just like in the case of MCA scam. In fact, NU's own 'Inter-Institutional Computer Centre (IICC)' on Amravati Road had admitted many 'ineligible' students despite the fact that they failed to meet the basic eligibility criteria of 50% marks in BSc.The newspaper had published that four of NU's IICC students were admitted at Ramdeobaba Kamla Nehru College of Engineering in the MCA course. They even appeared for third and fourth semester exams conducted by NU, but the university cancelled their admissions after the illegalities came to fore.Following NU decision to take action against erring colleges, the institutes have in turn now demanded action against the university for admitting ineligible students to its department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16804515", "title": "Disabled students at varsity being deprived of sole centre", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Hundreds of physically challenged students of the Allahabad University pursuing higher studies against all odds are a worried lot these days for the reason that Jawaharlal Nehru Centre for Physically Challenged Students\u2014the lone facility for such students at the university\u2014has to be vacated for a month.The centre which caters to the educational needs of over 100 physically challenged students has been asked by authorities of faculty recruitment development cell (FRDC) to suspend functioning for a month. The centre is the only place where these students get facilities from time to time.Since the time the current academic session commenced at AU, the physically disabled students have not been able to use the facilities as authorities managing FRDC have been asking the centre to vacate the room for them to operate. FRDC has earlier asked the centre to suspend functioning in August and again in September.Located at the Indira Gandhi Social Science Complex, the centre started functioning in 2009. Equipped with around 15 computers, the centre especially serves the purpose of the blind students with a number of scanners and special software giving blind students access to Internet and to read books of their choice. The centre also has sound system and other gadgets required for these students. Moreover, the centre is important for all the physically challenged students as they visit the same for using the facilities and also as a bridge between the university authorities and them. Be it getting the information about various schemes floated by different authorities for their welfare to informing higher authorities about their problems, the centre has been always played an active role.But the facility has failed to fulfill its aim as beneficiaries are unable to use them regularly since the time this academic session began. In a recent order, signed by deputy registrar (Academics) Ashish Rastogi, the centre in charge was informed that FRDC requires more space to operate, so it needs the huge hall for a month to carry out the process of recruitment of teachers. Sources inform TOI that although the centre in charge is ready to vacate the space, he is asking the FRDC authorities to receive the inventory, but no one is prepared to sign it.Though FRDC has asked for the space for a month the centre authorities and students are apprehensive that it might take two or more months. \"The centre has helped us in more ways than one in the past but in this session we have not been sure of when the centre is open for us. It seems like AU is snatching away the limited facility it had provided us and making our stay at AU miserable\", said one of the physically challenged students of AU. \"Authorities should have thought that we have only this facility at AU whereas there are many other departments on the campus which could have been asked to provide the space,\" he added.\"We are being deprived of the facilities at the centre since mid-August. Now that my friends tell me that the centre is closed, I have stopped going to AU and staying back home since most my studies depend on the computer of the centre\", said a blind student.Another blind student added, \"I came to know that physically disabled students can get rooms at the newly constructed hostel near SRN hospital since the centre is closed\".Recently university authorities had asked these students to contact the centre in charge in case they needed calipers, artificial limbs, etc but now that the centre is closed, the students have to go as far as Jhunsi to give the measurement for calipers.Commenting on the issue, public relations officer Prof P K Sahoo said, \"It is a sensitive matter and something would be done to protect the interest of these students and AU would see to it that these students do not suffer\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16803718", "title": "With a will and money, they learn to manage waste", "text": "BANGALORE: Over 71 posh apartment complex owners and residents spent their Saturday to understand and initiate solid waste management on their premises. BBMP has declared that all apartment buildings having more than 10 flats will be considered as bulk generators, hence, should have their own ways to manage wet waste.Although many apartments already have composting units or bio-gas plants, where wet waste is also processed for further use as manures or bio-gas, many complexes who haven't incorporated solid waste management were curious to know how it's done without any hassles.The workshop was supported by Daily Dump, owned by Poonam Birkasturi, who mastered the art of composting. Poonam shared her knowledge with residents and representatives of apartment associations on how simply, each household and even the entire apartment can start composting using her Daily Dump earthen pots. This is a set of three earthen pots with perforation on the sidewall and perforated lid, which easily composts the wet or kitchen waste and can be used as manures for plants or lush garden spaces that most of the apartment compounds have.\"Such workshops are to make them understand how to start. If there is a will and a little money, waste management is not a big trouble at all. But it needs strict enforcement and observation from apartments owners,\" said Shalini Khanna Charles, a key speaker at the workshop.Shalini was in Platinum City in Yeshwantpur and Godrej Woodlands in Hebbal where she worked actively to bring about waste management discipline among residents. \"The compliance has been very low until now. I know many apartment builders who have just mentioned about waste convertors in the project plan to get occupancy certificates from BBMP. But new scientific plans taken up by the government has definitely instilled fear and a sense of discipline in residents who are coming out to know and initiate the process,\" she added.She said for apartments which are tightly built, spaces in terrace and basement can be used to manage waste. , even community composting is in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16804102", "title": "NCP, Cong want consensus on octroi abolition", "text": "PUNE: The ruling Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) and Congress leaders in Pune will request the state government to consider the views of all political parties in the city before initiating steps to abolish octroi and introduce the Local Body tax (LBT).\"We will meet the chief minister to discuss this issue. The decision to abolish octroi should be taken only after consultation with all stakeholders because it is going to have a major impact on the city's financial planning and annual budget. There should be consensus on the issue, as the move will affect every individual in some or the other way,\" said NCP spokesperson Ankush Kakade.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan had recently announced that octroi will be abolished and replaced with the local body tax (LBT). The CM had told a gathering at the CII national policy meeting on Tuesday that by the end of the fiscal year Maharashtra will try to do away with octroi in Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad municipal areas along with Mumbai and other cities. Maharashtra is the only state to levy octroi. The octroi was recently replaced with accounts-based LBT in Amravati, Akola, Ahmednagar, Ulhasnagar, Kalyan-Dombivli, Chandrapur, Parbhani, Latur and Nashik municipal areas.Congress city unit chief and corporator Abhay Chhajed said, \"We are not opposed to the decision, but the state government should take everyone into confidence. The state should assure the PMC and citizens that the annual revenue generation of the corporation will not be affected by octroi abolition\".Octroi is a tax levied on the entry of goods into the city while the local body tax is a lump sum charged on the value of goods. While octroi is collected in cash on a daily basis, the LBT is payable within 40 days of bringing goods into the city.A section of the civic administration says if the state government decides to abolish octroi, then the PMC should prefer taking a monthly grant from the state. Another section opposes the LBT arguing that it will not be possible for the civic body to have a micro network for tax collection at ward levels. Civic officials have also said that cess based on the accounts of traders, instead of collecting octroi, too, was not feasible.Over the last 20 years, three different committees had been appointed to look into the feasibility of octroi abolition. However, the state government never managed to take a decision. The last committee, which was headed by Subodh Kumar, had suggested a combination of capital-value-based property tax, user charges, additional VAT and additional property tax to replace octroi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16803907", "title": "Washim brand of Marathi movies big draw in western Vidarbha", "text": "Sometimes facts are stranger than fiction. This is a fact in case of an industry in Vidarbha that basically churns out fiction. In Washim and Akola districts in the western part of the region, a quiet revolution is whirring into place with low budget films produced to entertain rustic and semi-urban audiences doing brisk business.Jamil Khan, the producer-cum-director-cum-script writer-cum-lyricist-cum-choreographer, believes in only entertaining his viewers. His movies do not have any underlying social message like the 'zadipatti' plays of eastern Vidarbha.Hailing from Tarhala village (Mangrul Pir taluka, Washim), Jamil produces Marathi films that are mostly screened during jatras (extended religious ceremonies). However, they run for some time in cinemas located in semi-urban areas of Washim and Akola districts. All titles consist of the word 'baiko' (wife), even though Jamil is not married, and are meant to tickle one's funny bone.Jamil had his 'take 1' in 2010 with 'Shaheratli Baiko Khedyatla Mulga'. The wife firsts doesn't like the rustic husband, but gradually he wins her over with his honesty and good heartedness.The response encouraged Jamil to go in for three more films. The fourth one is being shot and will be released during Diwali. While the film-maker says his films cost around 25 lakh to make, locals peg it at 10 lakh. The low cost of course results in poor quality. But, who cares?While Jamil is the Gulzar (all-rounder in many aspects of films) of Washim, the singers are from nearby Mangrul Pir town and the cinematographer from Pusad. Light boys and make-up artists have to be brought from Mumbai. Dubbing is done in Mumbai and this is the costliest component.Some people who work in the film contribute to bear a part of the production cost. Some act for free as it would make them a well-known figure in the area. Such people bring down Jamil's budget.Whenever Jamil watched Marathi films, he felt that he could make them better. \"I went to Mumbai to get an opportunity but failed,\" the Std VI passed and son of a farmer said. \"I then decided to produce my own films for local viewers. I went to album producers but they cheated me. From then I do most of things on my own and so far I have been quite successful.\"Khan said that his films are of 2.30 hours duration and current rates of his tickets are between 15 and 20.Jamil hopes to meet Salman Khan one dayJamil Khan may not have even cleared the SSC exams, but he is drawing crowds by his low-budget movies. \"I run six shows a day and there are between 800 and 2,000 viewers. The collection is quite good.\" Jamil does not make CDs of his films as they could be pirated. \"I store my movies in pen drives. My brother attaches it to the projector and detaches it when the shows are over for the day,\" he said.Jamil is an avid fan of Salman Khan and all his movies have a song having with 'Salman Khan'. \"The song 'Main Salman Khan Tu Katrina Kaif' from my third film was a hit,\" he said, playing the song on his mobile. \"In my fourth movie, which is being shot, there is a song 'Salman Khan Ala Re, Sobat Katrina Kaif Ali Re'.\"Jamil regrets that he has not been able to meet his idol yet. \"I had gone to meet Salman to tell him what I had done for him. His secretary did not allow me to meet Salman,\" said Jamil.Jamil's second movie - 'Baiko Waghin Premika Nagin' - was about the troubles faced by a married man, who has an extramarital affair. Until the girlfriend and the wife do not know about each other's existence, the central character - played by Jamil - has the cake and eats it too. But when the two women learn that they have been cheated the hero faces their fury.The third one was an action film 'Lagnacha Karar Baiko Farar'. The wife was abducted by bad guys and Jamil, the would-be husband, rescued his lady love from their clutches. The poster shows Jamil's face stained with blood. Now, Khan has turned his attention to agrarian distress of Vidarbha. Shooting of his fourth film 'Navra Gharat Baiko Bazarat' is in progress near Tarhala village. Jamil plans to release the film during Diwali.Jamil is naturally the hero of the film. His father is a poor and marginal farmer who commits suicide when his crops fail. The story is about the hard times that Jamil and his sister have to face. As the title of the film suggests, the hero's wife has to do a job for making the two ends meet.The theme may seem to be serious but that does not mean that there is dearth of entertainment in the film. Jamil dances around with the heroine in the fields of Washim. An 'item' girl from Nanded, Soni Awhad, is also present to regale the viewers. As per requirement of a standard Bollywood flick, the film has a moneylender and an MLA as the baddies.The heroine is a stage artist from Mumbai - Mohini Sharma, who has also acted in a few Marathi films. Pranali Mene of Wardha has played the role of Jamil's sister. Abdul Kalam and Shamsher Bhai, both residents of Tarhala, have acted as the villagers. Ram Gawande of Sangrampur (district Buldhana) has travelled 150km to act as Jamil's father for free.Khan plans to expand his viewer base in other nearby districts. \"There is lot of scope for my films in adjoining districts of Vidarbha and Marathwada. When the number of viewers increase my income will go up and I can increase the budget of the films and thus improve the quality,\" he said confidently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16805025", "title": "The Chinese connection", "text": "CHENNAI: Some take him for a Bengali, while others dismiss him as a foreigner. But Dr Sen is neither. He is the friendly neighbourhood dentist on Chennai's busy Evening Bazaar Road who effortlessly switches from speaking to patients in Madras Tamil to chat in a south central Chinese dialect to his wife Shieh Shih Yu.Dr Sen, who is of Chinese origin, uses the last part of his name, Shieh Thou Sen, to make it easy for fellow Indians to remember him. \"Chinese names are difficult to pronounce,\" says the doctor, who studied in Madras Medical College. Like other Chinese dentists on the road, he is a second generation settler to whom Chennai is home.\"My father reached Madras in 1939 via Calcutta. He left Hubei province after he got married and sailed to India with others from his hometown because he wanted to see the world,\" says Dr Sen. \"Or it may have been due to political turmoil,\" he says, leaving the details vague.Fellow doctor Hubert Gerard Hu is more forthcoming. His grandfather came to Chennai in 1933 from the Andamans . \"After the first world war, the Japanese were killing men and kidnapping women, so people fled,\" says Dr Hu. A group landed in Cuddalore, which was a prominent port then, and came to Chennai. \"It was a struggle but they settled down here,\" he says.As they were all dentists, the seven families remained a tight group, living in and around Park Town, close to their clinics. \"It was one big, joint family till my grandmother was alive,\" says Sen's wife Shih Yu. They don't remember much of the happenings during the 1962 Indo-China war. \"Unlike Mumbai and Kolkata, we are a small, peace-loving group here. Only our grandparents had to report at the immigration office during curfew as they didn't have Indian passports,\" says Dr Hu.The initial settlers did think about returning. \"But they liked it here and stayed back. Many died here and the next generation took over the practice,\" says Dr Sen.The next wave of settlers came in the 1970s. \"My father, who was from Hakka region, migrated to Calcutta in 1949,\" says restaurant owner Liu Kou See. Kou See's family worked in restaurants that specialised in 'Chinese food' that was all the rage. Kou See thought of making it big in the south as the Indo-Chinese cuisine, which modified Chinese dishes to suit the Indian palate, was catching up here.\"Business was booming then but now the competition has gone up,\" says Kou See, whose restaurant is near IIT-Madras . His family has also diversified into the beauty business, running parlours across the city. \"We like it here. I realised that I can never settle in China after visiting it,\" says Kou See, who is 60 years old and loves curries, biriyanis and the occasional 'sappadu' (traditional feast).Though their ties to Chennai are still strong, the next generation wants to make their mark abroad. \"Countries like the US and Australia are better for pursuing careers in medicine and dentistry ,\" says Dr Hu. With youngsters moving out, the Evening Bazaar community is getting smaller. Dr Sen's son and daughter are settled abroad.But the older generation feels that change is inevitable . \"My son is married to a Malayali and my daughter's husband is an Indian Muslim. We are now more multi-cultural ,\" laughs Dr Sen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16804903", "title": "80 rescued during Jash market blaze", "text": "SURAT: At least 80 people were rescued from the textile shops located in the basement of Jash market on Ring Road after a major fire broke out there on Saturday morning.The fire broke out due to short-circuit in the meter box installed near the entrance of the basement.There was a spark in the meter box due to fluctuation in electricity voltage, which resulted in short-circuit. The basement was smoky and the people began to run helter-skelter fearing for their lives. Every month eight to nine such incidents of fire are reported from the textile markets, fire brigade sources said.Chief fire officer Pankaj Patel told TOI, \"We had to sprinkle chemical powder to douse the fire. Torrent Power authorities were immediately asked to isolate the electric supply in order to stop further spread of fire in the market. No untoward incident was reported due to the incident.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16809061", "title": "CGTR reminds us Chiranjeevi's Tagore", "text": "Megastar Chiranjeevi's 'Tagore' has not only proved as a blockbuster hit at the box office but also it received great accolades from critics. The movie has finally settled as one of the all time great message oriented entertainers. Is Power Star pawan kalyan's 'Cameraman Gangatho Rambabu' going to be another 'Tagore'?With the censor reports being out, the way how the story proceeds is also known from inside sources. Last thirty minutes of the movie reminds us Chiranjeevi's 'Tagore'. Like 'Tagore', CGR has been shot as quite emotional with powerful performance from pawan kalyan.Starred by Tamannah as the female lead and Prakash Raj in the role of Ranababu, we expect better performances from them as well. Manisharma has scored the music of this movie. Maverick director Puri Jagannadh directed this movie while DVV Danayya produced it. The movie is hitting the screens on 18th October.Source: www.haihoi.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16803462", "title": "Four held for selling obscene footage", "text": "COIMBATORE: Four persons from two mobile shops in the city were arrested on Friday night for selling obscene footages to customers. Police have seized two computers, card readers and pen drives from them.Police arrested owners of the shops V Prajith, 24 of Siddhapudur and A Mohammed Rafiq, 25, of Al-Ameen Colony in the city. They were handed over to Ramanathapuram police who booked a case against the duo.They were arrested during a surprise raid by inspector Chandrasekar of Cyber Crime Cell of Coimbatore city police and his team at a mobile shop at Ramanathapuram in the city on Friday night.The team also conducted a raid at a mobile shop at Bharathiyar road in Pappanaickenpalayam in the city and arrested K Saleem Raja, 23 of Pappanaickenpalayam and A Vaji Mohammed, 20 of Vagarayampalayam near Annur. They duo was handed over to Race Course police station who registered a case against them.According to police, the shop owners had downloaded obscene footages from internet and charged Rs 50 every 1 GB from customers.The police said college and schools students used to visit the mobile shops often. People in the locality informed the city police who instructed the team to conduct a surprise check.The police have also seized two computers, two CPUs, keyboards, memory card readers and pen drivers from them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16805300", "title": "Dance, dating and delight on Day 3 of Antaragni", "text": "KANPUR: With most events entering into their semi-finals or nearing end at IIT-Kanpur's annual cultural festival 'Antaragni,' enthusiasm among students reached a crescendo on the third and penultimate day of the festival on Saturday.The outreach auditorium of the IIT campus, hosting the solo dance competition, was packed to capacity as the students delivered one breathtaking performance after another. The event saw the participation of 52 contestants, the coordinator of the solo dance competition said. Meanwhile, the group dance competition held at the Student Activity Centre witnessed much cheer and ovation from the audience as the teams put their best foot forward on English numbers.In an informal event held at the same venue in the evening, participants were asked to respond instantly to questions posed to them by the anchors of the show. The witty answers of the participants evoked much mirth among the student crowd present.Earlier on Friday night, the fashion show 'Ritambhhara' witnessed the participation of teams from Lady Irwin, Ramjas, Daulat Ram, St Xaviers and SRCC College. The jury included designer Pallavi Murdia, photographer Hemant J Khendilwal, TV celebrity Rishita Monga, and budding fashion designer Mani Nigam. The teams presented their creations under various themes such as 'I am woman' and 'We are the saviors.' In the end, Sachin from Ramjas college and Tuhina from SRCC were declared Mister and Miss Ritambhara respectively as their attire and countenance impressed the judges the most. Daulat Ram college grabbed the Ritambhara trophy while students from St Xaviers Kolkata were declared the first runners up on the occasion.'Ritambhara Velvet lock,' a beauty pageant for individual contestants sponsored by Gurgaon's Abhilasha Group was also held late on Friday evening. The judges included Abraham Kumar, CEO of Abhilasha Group, renowned model and actress Rishita Monga, and Mani Nigam, a budding designer from NIFT Delhi. Twenty girls and boys took part in the competition held in three rounds- Ethnic and Indian wear, western dresses, and question-answer round. Six boys and girls finally managed to get to the question and answers session wherein the jury asked them questions pertaining to their career. The event also witnessed Rishita Monga's performance on the song Mashallah from Ek The Tiger. Navjot Kaur and Ujjwal Sharma were declared Miss and Mister Ritambhara.The western group dance and folk dance competitions also witnessed huge crowds.In 'Blind Date,' 15 boys and girls were randomly paired and sent on a blind date after a preliminary round. Six couples were eventually selected for the final round. \"Through this event, I found a good friend,\" said Vimal who was 'dating' Prateeksha as per the rules of the game.On the other hand, rock bands delivered electrifying performances in the finals of 'Synchronocity' conducted on a grand scale at the auditorium grounds of the campus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16802890", "title": "Easier to come together for West Indies: Kieron Pollard", "text": "On his biggest high, following West Indies' triumph in the World T20, Kieron Pollard can't help but thank those who kept supporting Caribbean cricket during its long, dark and low phase, his teammates who contributed to the victory, and the fans back home whose patience has finally paid off. Pollard spoke exclusively to TOI on the events in Sri Lanka , as he readies to pad up for Mumbai Indians in the CLT20. Excerpts...West Indies have finally managed to win a World Cup after 33 years. How's the feeling?It feels great... can I even explain that in words? No! We've been eyeing something like this for so long... Let me say, we were just desperate. The struggle had been going on for long and the low phase is something I just can't explain. To come out of it and win this trophy is great joy for us, something that words can't describe.You started the tournament as favourites. Did that add to the expectation or pressure?We had a very good team going into the tournament. We had some world-class players in this format, so we knew we had it in us and we could do it. It was only a matter of doing the right things at the right time. As far as pressure goes, well it's always there when you're playing a tournament as big as the World Cup and every team has to live up to it. It was the same with us. We didn't take any extra pressure on us.But the confidence must have been there...Yes, the support within the team was huge and that in itself was a boost. We had the belief and players like Marlon (Samuels), Bravo, Gayle were huge support for everybody else. It was just a very happy feeling all along and the final victory was like icing on the cake.What does this victory mean to the people of West Indies?Hopefully, this is the start. Like I said, we had the belief we could do it. Now we have to expand that belief and the thought that we can be the best once again. I genuinely hope this victory will take us to greater heights, help West Indies cricket market itself better, bring a new ray of hope for the younger generation and of course, help us win a lot more. We cannot thank all the Caribbean people enough who supported us all throughout.Tell us about the Gangnam-style celebrations...Once the celebrations sparked off, it was truly Caribbean style. Celebrating, relaxing, partying is part of our culture. It just comes naturally to us. Chris Gayle was our leader in the Gangnam celebrations.As T20 professionals, you, Gayle, Bravo and a few others play across the world for clubs (in IPL &amp; Big Bash). How easy or difficult is it for you to connect when you play for the West Indies?It's not difficult at all. We are all professionals and that's why we're able to connect with the clubs in IPL and Big Bash so easily. But getting together for the West Indies is easier than getting together for the clubs. We come from closely connected islands where a similar culture prevails. We think on the same lines, our sporting cultures are the same and we identify with each other well. That's why West Indies has always been one team. That instantly helps us connect with each other despite, as you say, playing for various teams around the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16806848", "title": "Amit Kumar's tribute to his father Kishore Kumar", "text": "Amit Kumar and his brother Sumit are just back from the US with their tribute concerts on Kishore Kumar .\"We performed in Detroit and Chicago . We called the show 'Do Kishore'. We did it on a trial basis in the two American cities. Now that it has been accepted so wholeheartedly, we'll take our two 'Do Kishore' concerts to the rest of the world. We're already booked for 6 concerts in the US in April 2012. Then we we'll take the concert all over India.\"The 'Do Kishore' concerts are Amit Kumar's brainchild. \"We first did the 'Do Kishore' charity concert with us two brothers celebrating our father's memory through his music in Kolkata on 12 April in 1992. Sumit was only 9 years old then. Many luminaries associated with my father, like Ashok Kumar and Rajesh Khanna were present at the show.\"Amit Kumar also has plans of making a film on his legendatry father. \"It was Bhaijaan (Mehmood) who suggested it. My brother and I had devised a skit where we both go to the moon and meet our father there. Mehmood suggested we make a film on that theme. That hasn't happened so far.\"Amit and Sumit are also on the verge of starting a music company named Kumar Brothers Music. \"It will be an online company. I'd be putting out my own composition for my fans online. It won't be film music, but folk songs, semi-classical numbers...One of my compositions Zindagi dard has been put out just to get a response. It's been well-received by my fans.\"The online recording company attained a feasibility in Amit Kumar's mind due to the progressive paucity of offline music companies. \"There's no company one can take one's music to. It isn't as though I'm attempting to compete with T Series or any other music company. An online music company eliminates the need for a mediators like a producer or a music- company executive. It's a direct connectivity between my creativity and my listeners. I know I have an audience. There are people who love my voice.\"Amit says he's done with film music. \"What is there to sing in Hindi films? The greats that I worked with are dead or retired. I could bear with the changes ten years. The whole scenario has changed now. The music these days is cacophonic. I don't listen to the songs. And these itrem songs...so many of them and so boring! Some of today's composers claim that melody is back. Sorry, I don't hear it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16803832", "title": "\u2018Flimsy reasons for Lokayukta delay\u2019", "text": "PANAJI: IAC has warned that the government-appointed Lokayukta search committee should stop trying the patience of Goans weary of inaction against corruption.Observing that the appointment of Lokayukta has been delayed on one \"flimsy pretext\" or the other, IAC Goa Chapter coordinator, Valmiki Naik, said this has created a suspicion in the minds of people that such delays could be deliberate. While the two-week period granted to the said committee to suggest names for Goa Lokayukta has already passed, news reports suggest that even the notification to constitute the said search committee has not been issued so far.The government is expected to clarify whether it decided not to notify the said search committee headed by the advocate general because there was opposition from activists, and whether the government realized the validity of the questions raised regarding the objectivity and neutrality of such a committee consisting of advocate-general, law secretary and chief secretary, all government-appointed posts, Naik said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16803854", "title": "Despite competition DLF still rules Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: Till the mid-90s, DLF owned more than a half of all realty projects in Gurgaon. Things have, however, changed now and DLF has got only eight of the 73 licences for real estate projects in the city this year.Last year too the number was low for the company as it got six licences from the Department of Town and Country Planning (DTCP) out of the total of 84 projects.While these numbers point to DLF's near-monopoly getting diluted with the emergence of new developers, it's far from being the reality. DLF still holds a significant land bank in the city. In DLF City, the company has about 3,000 acres of land, while other developers own much less. It has about 4,000 acres of land in new Gurgaon. Exact land bank figures, however, are not available. No other developer has such land banks in Gurgaon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16804690", "title": "Delhi hockey back home", "text": "NEW DELHI: \"Der aaye, durust aaye,\" an old patron was thrilled to remark. At last, hockey returned to the refurbished Shivaji Stadium last week after repairs and restoration work at the facility had repeatedly missed deadlines.For the Jawaharlal Nehru Hockey Tournament Society especially, it was a long awaited return to its original home after five years of homelessness. During this time, it took its activities elsewhere to unaccustomed places, and to mark the occasion arranged for a celebratory bhangra number before the girls took over to play the inaugural match of this year's under-17 tournament.As word spreads, Delhi hockey fans will be back in increasing numbers to the conveniently located venue, the Capital's old hockey haunt. Delhi now also boasts of a world class facility at the Dhyan Chand Stadium at India Gate, but the smaller and more compact Shivaji has its own charm.It's only natural that memories of the hallowed hockey pitch, once better known as the Lady Hardinge Ground. It was the place where some of the finest hockey anywhere was played, first on natural grass and later on artificial surface which was laid there by the New Delhi Municipal Committee, the authority which owns the place. That's where the Delhi Hockey League used to be played, and that's where you could meet any and every one connected with the game.It was here that Trevor Vanderputt of the old Independent Club returned from Perth, Australia, bringing the Western Australian Cricket Association hockey team on a tour of initiation, including a young medical doctor called Ric Charlesworth with whom I remember chit-chatting on one of the dirt terraces around the ground. That is where several years later the Germans, preparing for the 1972 Munich Olympics, shocked India in a friendly, a stocky centre-forward called Uli Voss faking his way past the late stalwart full-back Surjit Singh to score the only goal of the match. It was a stunning eye-opener; never before had an Indian hockey team been beaten on Indian soil.But a memory equally deeply etched in mind is of the winter afternoon in 1971 when Great Britain played Indian Airlines in the Nehru final, with ominous clouds of the Indo-Pak conflict overhead. Suddenly, the sirens began wailing. Enemy planes had been sighted and play abruptly stopped.Tournament officials went into a huddle. Coolly, a tall man strode into the middle and looked around the stands. Then with a confident wave of his arm signalled for the match to proceed. That was his way preventing any panic, which would have been disastrous in a stadium bursting at the seams. The man was Lt. Gen. Harbakhsh Singh who led India's Western Army in the 1965 war.Play resumed, which ended with the Airlines defeating the British, 2-0, Inam-ur-Rehman scoring both goals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16803502", "title": "Mobile bill helps police crack Chembur senior attack case", "text": "MUMBAI: The Tilak Nagar police arrested Sandeep Chaurasiya, a 25-year-old courier boy, for allegedly plotting the attack on a senior citizen at her flat along with a colleague, Pritam Paswan, on Friday - within hours of the crime. Paswan carried out the attack on 72-year-old Anusaya Dhyani and stabbed her.Chaurasiya told the police that he and Paswan had splurged over Rs 25,000 on online lotteries and women, which was the combined commission they had earned. Chaurasiya said they hatched a plan to kill Dhyani and rob her flat at Manu Cooperative Housing Society in Chedda Nagar, Chembur.The contract workers had recently been re-hired by a courier agent where they had worked a few months ago. \"The attacker gave Chaurasiya the idea of robbing the victim who lives alone in her Chedda Nagar flat at Chembur. Their plan was to kill the victim and rob her flat. But when the victim screamed for help, their plan flopped and they lost their nerve,\" a police officer told TOI on Saturday. The entire episode took place between 2.30pm and 2.45pm on Friday.\"There were visitors in our house when we heard a scream. We rushed out and found Dhyani standing with a knife sticking out of her abdomen. Dhyani said she tried to catch the attacker but had failed. We searched the entire locality but were unable to nab the accused,\" said Vijay Khanna, the victim's neighbour. \"They chose the afternoon hour when residents usually take a nap.\"For the residents of Chedda Nagar, this is the first time that a senior citizen has been attacked. On Saturday, TOI visited the society and found that two of the three building gates were locked. \"The elderly woman is very strong and brave. The attacker would not have expected her to fight back despite being stabbed. My wife removed the knife from her abdomen and rushed her to Rajawadi Hospital. She was later shifted to Joy Hospital. We informed her daughter Lata, who was at her workplace, about the crime,\" Khanna said.In his hurry to escape following Dhyani's scream, Paswan dropped the mobile bill that he had been carrying. This negligence proved to be his undoing. It helped the police track down the Nehru Nagar-based Sambhaji courier firm where the accused were employed. \"We traced the address of the printer from the mobile bill and then found that the delivery of bills of a particular area is assigned to a specific courier agent. The pin code on the bill helped us trace the location and arrest the accused after the victim identified the attacker's picture,\" said additional commissioner of police (east region) Quaiser Khalid.\"The accused was aware that the victim gets her mobile bill delivered during the same time. They have been booked under Indian Penal Code's Section 393 (attempt to commit robbery) and 397 (robbery or dacoity with attempt to cause death or grievous hurt),\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16805071", "title": "Unaided schools pin hopes on education act plea in SC", "text": "MUMBAI: The Supreme Court last week issued a notice to the Centre on a petition seeking exemption for unaided educational institutions from reserving 25% seats for students from the economically weaker sections under the Right to Education (RTE) Act.The fresh petition in the SC challenging the Constitution's Article 15 (5), which discriminates educational institutions on the basis of their minority and non-minority status, has raised the expectations of several city private schools, who too are unwilling to follow the reservation policy. The article is challenged by a group of schools from Mysore under the banner CBSE and ICSE Private School Management Association Mysore (CIPSMAM), along with some Bangalore schools. The main plaintiff in the court is Pramati Educational and Cultural Trust.CIPSMAM president Sudhakar Shetty from Mysore said, \"Any changes in the Constitution should be examined by a five-member bench of the apex court. The article discriminates two equally placed educational institutions as minority and majority. If minority institutions are exempted from the reservation policy, the same should be extended to majority schools.\"S C Kedia of Mumbai's Unaided Schools Forum said, \"There cannot be any discrimination between two schools.\" Though Mumbai schools are looking forward to the court order, many believe that it will take a couple of years before the order comes.The principal of a western suburb school said, \"The RTE Act makes it mandatory for all schools to reserve 25% seats for the weaker sections. However , with the cost of education rising and the facilities being provided by the school, it is not practical for schools to bear the expenses of children admitted under the reserved category .\" Some principals also raised objections over discrimination in the classroom.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16803694", "title": "Rs 29,700 looted at gunpoint from Rewari district bank", "text": "GURGAON: As many as three bike-borne armed youths on Saturday looted Rs 29,700 at gunpoint from a branch of the Gurgaon Gramin Bank at Nangal Shahbazpur village in Rewari district.A case has been registered against the accused in Bawal police station and police are investigating the case.According to the police, the incident took place in Nagal Shahbazpur village's Gurgaon Gramin bank on Saturday afternoon around 12pm. The accused, who have not yet been identified, opened fire in the bank, looted the amount and fled, police said. However, no one was hurt in the incident.A senior police officer said that the cashier acted cleverly and pushed Rs 2 lakh in the backside of his seat otherwise the robbers would have looted him also.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16804232", "title": "Transfer of development right not issued for land utilized 10 years ago", "text": "NAGPUR: On the one hand the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has issued transfer of development right (TDR) for lands which may not be utilized for years from now while on the other hand, it did not issue TDR for a piece of land which was utilized ten years ago. In this case, the beneficiary Shivkumar Agrawal has been made to run from pillar to post for no reason.The NMC is yet to utilize many of the acquired lands for which it issued TDR many years ago. In one case, the NMC issued TDR of whopping 35,887.50 sq mt by acquiring land reserved for playground at Wathoda in November 2010. The NMC also issued TDR of 4,453.42 sq.mt acquiring land for Town hall at Chinchbhuvan in December 2010 despite no requirement.In Shivkumar Agrawal's case, the NMC took possession of his 133.20 sq.mt land at Ravi Nagar square on August 1, 2002, and utilized it within few days for road widening. However, the NMC is yet to issue TDR to Agrawal for the same.\"The then municipal commissioner Chandrashekar assured to issue the TDR within a week. I submitted the application with all the required documents on August 2, 2002. I was asked to resubmit the application in the prescribed format on August 5, 2003. Three-four municipal commissioners have changed since then but the application is still pending. Today, the land price at Ravi Nagar Square is around Rs10,000 per sq ft. The value of TDR if issued now will be under Rs3,000 per sq ft. My precious land is being utilized for the last ten years now but I am yet to get the TDR,\" he said.\"After reading TOI's reports, I was shocked to learn about the TDR cases approved by NMC,\" said Agrawal, adding that municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane has assured to clear the proposal. \"I submitted the details to Wardhane on September 3. Hopefully, he will clear my case,\" he said.However, this may not be an isolated case. Corporator Alka Dalal told TOI that she had raised this point in the general body meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16803440", "title": "76-yr-old woman looted at knife point at Kalkaji home", "text": "NEW DELHI: In yet another instance of criminals targeting helpless senior citizens in the city, at least three robbers posing as postmen reportedly struck at the residence of a 76-year-old woman in the upper middle class locality of Kalkaji on Saturday afternoon.The victim, Ramola Majumdar, a housewife, told cops that she was held hostage at knife point, gagged and threatened before the accused ransacked the house and fled with cash and jewellery.Majumdar was living alone in the N block for the past 10 days after her son Deepayan Majumder - an established events management company owner - had left for London and Paris on a business tour and was scheduled to return just before the Durga pujas beginning on October 20.The southeast district police has registered a case of robbery in this regard and believe only an insider could have led such an attack.\"The incident resembles the C R Park case which we have just solved. Only a few people had knowledge that the lady was alone. We are questioning several people from Govindpuri in this regard. We expect early results,'' said additional commissioner of police (southeast) Ajay Chaudhry.Robbers posed as postmen\"A person had knocked at her ground floor residence around 2pm, posing as a postman to deliver registry papers. Even as this person - who was not even covering his face -asked her to sign the document, he pushed her in,'' said Basudev Guha, a family friend who was one of the first to receive the victim's SOS call.Two more persons standing behind this man came inside and started slapping and kicking her. \"They forced her to hand over the keys of the almirahs. After thrashing her they tied her up in the kitchen and then ransacked the house. Around 3:15 pm, I got a call from my aunt and asking to rush to her residence,\" said Ranbir Bose, her nephew.Police said that the victim showed enough resilience and finally managed to free her hands long after the robbers were gone. \"She called up a friend of Deepayan and his wife who stay closest to her residence. When we reached the spot, we found clear marks of the woman trying to resist the robbers,'' said an officer. The cops said they were unsure if the part time maid had reported for work on Saturday. \"We have two versions - one stating that she did not come today and another which said she had left after completing work around noon.While the incident took place, the neighbours on first floor were clueless. \"I came back from work at 2:45 pm but nothing seemed suspicious downstairs. There were noises as well. Its shocking to know about the incident,\" said Payal Sidana, who works with a private school as a teacher.Ramola's relatives rushed her to the Holy Family hospital in Okhla where she was admitted to ICU. \"Her condition is stable but since the robbers kicked her on the chest she is complaining breathing problem. Her CT scan report and X-ray report is fine. She is still nervous and needs some rest. We will keep her under observation for two more days,\" said one of the doctors at the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16803919", "title": "Auto driver thrashes father, son", "text": "KOLKATA: The transport minister may have sounded an alarm bell for rogue auto drivers on numerous occasions in the past, but it seems all those words of warning haven't had the desired effect.The list of commuters suffering at the hand of auto drivers just got longer late on Friday when an elderly person and his son were roughed up by a driver following an altercation over Rs 6 change. Thirty six-year-old Barun Shantra, the son of sexagenarian Asit Shantra, was reportedly left with broken bone after the driver punched him on the nose.Though a police complaint was lodged early on Saturday morning, the cops could not identify the accused, in spite of having the number of the vehicle, till last reports came in. However, transport minister Madan Mitra assured to \"look into the matter\" and promised to meet the victim's family on Sunday.It is learnt that around 9.30pm on Friday, Asit and his son, both residents of Purbasha in Sodepur, boarded the Sodepur-Madhyamgram auto from Sodepur Traffic More. They were on the way back home from their costume jewellery shop on Beadon Street. After reaching Kathgola stoppage, Asit gave the auto driver two Rs 10 notes against their Rs 14 fare. But the driver refused to give Rs 6 change. When the father-son duo insisted for the return, an altercation broke out.\"We had no change for paying the exact fare. But the arrogant auto driver refused to give me change. Instead, he started throwing expletives at me. When my son tried to protest, the driver attacked him without any provocation. He punched Barun hard on the nose. There were other passengers in the auto, but none stepped out to help us. When I tried to save my son, the driver thrashed me and left the spot,\" recounted Asit.Barun was later rushed to a nursing home in Belghoria on Friday night as blood kept oozing out from his nose. He had to undergo a surgery on Saturday evening.Though the auto's number was mentioned in the FIR that was lodged on Saturday morning, cops could not identify the accused till late Saturday night. However, Barun's family members demanded immediate arrest of the accused. \"The auto driver abused my father-in-law and injured my husband critically over a petty issue. It has become a habit of the auto drivers not to return change and behave rudely with passengers. An auto driver misbehaved with me a few days back on the same issue. I urge the state transport minister to look into the matter,\" said Mousumi Shantra, Barun's wife.When contacted, transport minister Mitra said: \"I came to know about the incident on Saturday. I immediately got in touch with Barrackpore commissionrate. I have instructed police to nab the accused as soon as possible. If proven guilty, stern action would be taken against him. It is very unfortunate that some auto drivers refuse to take lesson from previous incidents. I will definitely take an action and meet the Shantra family on Sunday.\"Mitra also appreciated the alertness of the victim, who managed to note down the auto's number. \"It is a positive sign that people have become conscious. This will help the cops take action against the accused,\" Mitra added.\"We started an investigation soon after receiving the complaint. We are trying our best to track down the auto driver and we hope he would be arrested soon,\" said Kalyan Mukherjee, DCP (traffic), DD, Barrackpore.An auto driver beat up two passengers including a 65-year-old man and his son severely, leaving the son critically injured after the duo could not give change on their fare at Sodepur near Ghola in North 24 Parganas on Friday night. Barun Shantra(36), the son who was punched hard on his nose by the auto driver was admitted to a private nursing home in Belghoria. Doctor suggested him a surgery as the bone of his nose was already broken. Asit Shantra, the father lodged a complaint with Ghola police station on Saturday morning against the accused auto driver who has not been identified till the reports last came in. Police are looking for him.The state transport minister Madan Mitra however assured to look into the matter seriously and said that he would meet the victim's family members on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "berhempur", "code": "16804237", "title": "Harihar Swain dead", "text": "BERHEMPUR: Former minister and Lok Sabha member from Aska constituency Harihar Swain died on Saturday at AIIMS, New Delhi. He was 73. He was suffering from multiple diseases for months. He is survived by wife, a son and three daughters. His body was flown from Delhi to Bhubaneswar.Swain was born at Debabhumi village near Aska and started his political career with the CPI from Aska constituency. He was first elected to the assembly in 1977 from Aska on a Janata Party ticket and went on to become the deputy minister of transport and jail in the Nilamani Routray minister.He was then elected to the assembly from Kabisurya Nagar constituency in 1995 on a Congress ticket and became the minister of the PWD in Janakiballav Patnaik cabinet. Swain finally joined the BJD and was elected to the Lok Sabha from Aska in 2004. He was, however, suspended from the party as he defied the party decision and voted for the UPA government in the non-confidence motion. He did not contest the last election due to ill health.Swain was well known for his straight forward nature. \"I am shocked upon hearing about his death. I have lost a friend,\" said former assembly speaker Chintamani Dyansamantara.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16804123", "title": "Pune mediation centre settled most number of cases in Maharashtra", "text": "PUNE: The mediation centre of the Pune district and sessions court has won the honour of settling most number of cases in the state between January 1 and September 30 this year.The Pune centre settled 1,108 cases while Nagpur and Parbhani centres secured second and third positions by settling 614 and 387 cases respectively in the last nine months.Bombay high court chief justice Mohit Shah presented the rolling trophy to principal district and sessions judge of Pune Anant Badar at a state conference on mediation at Alpabachat Bhavan in Pune Cantonment area on Saturday.The Pune mediation centre was set up in 2006, but its performance was below par till the high court imparted training to 101 judges and lawyers in 2009. Matters settled here include cases relating to matrimonial disputes, cheque bounce and financial disputes.Shah told the gathering of judges from the Supreme Court, high court, subordinate courts and lawyers that the mediation centres have settled 60,000 cases in the state in the last three years. \"Another 35,000 have been received for mediation, but we have settled 9,000 cases till date. The success ratio of settling cases is between 25% and 30%.\" He said the high courtwill reserve 10% seats out of the 71 vacancies of district judges in the state for lawyers who are good mediators.Supreme court judge justice Swatanter Kumar suggested that the mediation scheme should be popularised in rural areas. \"It not only reduces delay in settling disputes, but also saves cost on litigations and improves quality of decision-making among other benefits,\" Kumar said.SC judge justice S S Nijjar, who inaugurated the conference, appealed to young lawyers to take the justice deliver system to rural areas. \"If this is not achieved, then we have not achieved much in the field of mediation,\" said Nijjar.Quoting the 77th law commission report, Nijjar said, \"Mediation is important because people don't understand the technical procedures followed in courts. The district judges should organise workshops at villages to popularise mediation.\"Shah praised the work of Maha lok adalat which, he said, has settled 2.64 lakh cases in the state. He made a special reference of the Pune district and legal service authority which settled over 64,000 cases through the Maha lok adalat.Successful mediators were felicitated by SC judges on the occasion. Supreme court judge justice Madan Lokur, Bombay High Court judges A M Khanvilkar and Anoop Mehta, Pune Bar Association president Ashok Sankpal attended the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16802733", "title": "Indore gets ready to welcome Durga", "text": "INDORE: It is going to be, saat ki saari, alta, and Dhunuchi dance on the beats of Dhol to be played by dholwallahs from Kolkata who will be in town for Durga Puja beginning October 16 at Bengali Club, here.The preparations for the most awaited festival of Bengali community are on. A 26-year-old school counsellor, Anindita Roy says \"Shopping for the festival is already on as we have to prefer new clothes on last three days of the 10-day festival. We have started to prepare Bengali delicacies at home. The Anand Mela on the fifth and sixth day of the Navratri too is highly awaited as we get to taste delicacies of Bengal here.\"Talking about the day-to-day procedures of the Navratri festival according to the Bengali custom, Roy said, \"We invite the goddess on the first day of the festival called Mahalaya. The traditional way of 'inviting' the goddess is also aired on the radio and TV. On the sixth day known as Shoshthi, mothers keep fast for wellbeing of their children. Idol of goddess Durga is then installed with lighting of 108 diyas.\" She said that the three-day Durga puja starts on seventh day of the festival called Shoptomi. \"I go to the Bengali club with my family on the seventh day of Navratri and we offer the goddess Pushpanjali and then we enjoy the Bhog. On Vijaya Dashmi (tenth day of the festival), the idol of goddess Durga is immersed.A 20-year-old media student, Alpansh Banerjee is another Indore-based Bengali who plans to relish the delicacies that the festival of Navratri has in store for him. \"My mother has already started preparing sweets like ghujiyas, and roshogullas. But there will be more of the delicious food like mishti doi as the festival starts. It is compulsory for us to eat the hilsa fish on some days during the Navratri. Apart from the food, I am also excited about the shopping we do of clothes for the Puja on Mahashtami,\" he said.With an approximate population of 30,000 Bengalis, Indore will see the Bengali way of Navratri celebration at the Bengali clubs. There will be plays staged on the last two evenings of the Navratri at Bengali club \"I am supposed to be playing a part in a play based on Vivekanada and it will be staged October 21. This is the most awaited time for us Bengalis, and we enjoy it to the fullest like every year,\" said Archan Dutta, actor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16807243", "title": "A stitch in rhyme", "text": "Every fortnight, Indu Harikumar, a 32-year-old craft teacher and children's book illustrator finds herself strolling into Nerul's textile markets to buy fabric without a purpose in mind. \"It's a fetish. I have rolls of cloth, mostly cotton and silk , packed in my cupboards,\" she says .A year ago, Harikumar, who has a degree in fashion and six children's books to her name, received a call from a publisher who wanted her to use her expertise to illustrate Palanquin Bearers, a poem by late Indian Nationalist Movement activist Sarojini Naidu (1879 - 1949). Known for the lyrical quality of her poems, Naidu earned the sobriquet 'Nightingale of India'.Harikumar admits she hadn't heard of the poem that speaks of a bride being carried in a decorated palanquin to her husband's home, by four bearers who walk in rhythmic beat to make the ride smooth for the young lady. But a quick Internet search was enough to figure how the frills in her closet could be put to use.The book, Katha publishers stressed, was to be illustrated on cloth. Known to use a variety of mediums including clay, paper layer art and Madhubani to capture young readers' interest, Katha Books had a challenge for Harikumar that took a whole year to meet. \"Traditionally, Baluchari saris that are native to West Bengal , carried stories from the Mahabharata that were embroidered on the pallu. Storytelling on cloth isn't new in India. The textures that one can produce using fabric and stitching are exciting,\" she says.The solo job saw Harikumar spend up to 18 hours a day stitching 16 pages, each of which carries a line from the poem. The artist would start with a sketch of the illustration, using a paper cutout to trace the design on cloth. \"I'd place the fabric in layers, stitch it together, and add a final hint of embroidery and paint,\" she explains.One of Naidu's lesser known poems, Palanquin Bearers sees the bearers sing, Lightly, O lightly, we bear her along / She sways like a flower in the wind of our song. Since the work explored emotions running through the young bride's mind, and those of the bearers who didn't quite feel her weight since they were proud to carry her home, Harikumar decided to build up a literal depiction, seating the bride who resembles a carefree girl in the midst of floating clouds and the sun's rays.Targetted at kids aged 6 and above, the book presents the poem that is part of the CBSE curriculum, as a story, says Shruti Phadke of Katha. \"And so, poetry becomes fun and comforting.\"Harikumar's last titles, How do we weigh Appukuttan? and Kundamandi Gulumal were published in Malayalam, and came packed with drawings and scrap art that she made using matchboxes, cigarette cases and seedpods.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16802384", "title": "UGC nod for 1-year LLM from 2013", "text": "LUCKNOW: The University Grants Commission has agreed to make the masters degree programme in law (LLM) of one year duration instead of two to prevent students from going abroad.Vice-chancellor of Dr Ram Manohar National Law University (RMLNLU) Prof Balraj Chauhan welcomed the move.\"It's been seen that best students don't study LLM at various reputed universities in India. Reducing the duration of the course to one year will help us retain talent,\" he said.The curriculum must be modified, too. \"The fundamentals would have to go out and specialisation should be the focus, since both can't be taught in such a short time,\" said Chauhan.Currently, a student spends at least seven to eight years after class XII for a masters degree in law. India, Bangladesh and Pakistan are the only countries that run two-year LLM courses. Everywhere else, it is a one-year master's course. So, Indian law graduates go to the West for postgraduation studies.Two years ago, UGC set up a committee headed by the founding vice-chancellor of National Law School of India University, Bangalore N R Madhava Menon. The committee was asked to examine the proposal to reduce the LLM course to one year. Recently, the committee endorsed it and submitted its report to the UGC.Final discussion to make LLM a one-year programme will take place early next year, so that it can be implemented in the 2013-14 academic session.This idea came up two years ago during a round table on legal reforms chaired by Union human resource development minister Kapil Sibal. The ministry backed the proposal of a one-year LLM after which the UGC set up the expert committee under Prof Menon.Experts said this would encourage research in law and prepare faculty for teaching. The Menon Committee recommended an annual all-India test to select students for the one-year LLM.Prof Menon had on various occasions said LLB is good enough for those who want to practise law. One-year LLM is aimed at those interested in serious study of law and teaching.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16803962", "title": "Harleys bite the Bullets", "text": "The ringtone of his mobile phone is the unmistakable roar of perfectly tuned Harley Davidson bike engine, reminding Dr Sushrut Babhulkar of the monster machine waiting in his garage. The soft-spoken orthopaedic surgeon seems to be an unlikely Harley owner, and much less a member of a biker group.\"Owning a bike is a dream which every youth has, but very few get to fulfil it for various reasons. Even my father never allowed me to own a bike because of fears of road safety. So after so many years I finally purchased the Harley in 2010,\" said Babhulkar.Across the city men are going through a \"positive\" midlife crisis, and are reliving their youthful dream - of riding a bike onto the unknown road, against the wind and into freedom.A handful of biker groups whose members are in their late 40s-50s, financially well settled in their respective professions, have sprung up in the last two years. Almost every weekend the small group of about a dozen bikers kick-start their dreams and heads out of city for a day filled with fun. Though there are just half a dozen Harleys in city, the trusted and familiar macho Royal Enfield bullets complete the group for a pleasant riding experience.Shahrukh Cassad, a successful city businessman, cofounded the 'Bawas on Bullets' (BOB) biker group last year - the name being inspired by its members who belonged to the Parsee community. \"We now call it Bawas on Bikes, since even those without a Bullet are welcome,\" smiles Cassad.\"Rukshad Bhagwagar, another bike enthusiast, and I got together and since then BOB has been a regular feature on the road. Most of us are now settled in life, have grown up children and we just want to revisit that time in life that passed us by. Riding a bike is as youthful a feeling as one can get and thanks to BOB, we are all young at heart again.\"Almost all groups are a close knit bunch and there is no formal membership as such. Babhulkar rides with the 'Matiree' biker group that consists of his old Somalwar School mates. \"It is just not about getting on a bike and driving. It is an emotional bond that gets renewed with old friends. I grew up with these guys and shared the carefree school days together. Then we moved to our respective professional lives where responsibilities and challenges devoured us. Now decades later when we hit the road on our bikes, we are transported back in time,\" he adds. The city's biker circles heartily joke that Babhulkar has the rare distinction of riding with BOB, even though he is not a Parsee.Wanderlust Motorcycle Club, founded by fashion designer Anukaran Singh in 2004, pioneered this trend. And his group has just one eligibility criteria - a shining Royal Enfield Bullet. Wanderlust MC organizes various biking expeditions and even hosts group get-togethers where everything and anything about bikes is discussed. \"Riding a bike is a passion and our members have undertaken expeditions as far as Laddakh and down South,\" says Singh.The quintessential mantra for every group is to obey traffic rules. Says Babhulkar: \"Being an orthopaedic surgeon I have seen the worst of road accidents and hence in our groups we ensure that we take precautions. Helmets, gloves, leather jackets and trousers are mandatory. We always ride in a row, keeping a safe distance between each vehicle and never exceed the speed limit.\"Cassad says that youngsters in city have spoilt the image of bikers by doing dangerous stunts. \"Wheelies, false start of engines and removing silencers are the uglier side of biking. We are against all of that. Rules have to be followed and biking is not about showing off, it is an experience to soak in,\" he says.\"Riding a Bullet is like meditating,\" adds Singh. \"It clears your mind totally from all the worries you accumulated through the week. Travelling in a car is just like sitting in a rolling cage, bike is all about freedom and being one with nature.\"\"You feel the air, the flowers, the rains and best of all the breeze. Destination is not on our minds at all, it is just the journey,\" says Babhulkar.Quoting Che Gueverra biopic 'Motor Cycle Diaries', Singh says, \"During their cross-country motorbike journey a couple in Chile asks why they are travelling. Che replies that he is travelling just to travel!\"And that really sums up the reason these professionals throw of their surgical gloves and business suits during weekends to don a new avatar. The bikes, be it Harley or Royal Enfield, are the time machines which take their owners back to phase they wish could have lasted forever.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16804359", "title": "Housekeeping service likely on more trains", "text": "PATNA: Encouraged by the response, railways has decided to introduce 'on-board housekeeping services (OBHS)' on more running mail and express trains at the country level. The railways has already introduced this new scheme in all Rajdhani, Shatabdi, Duronto and Garib Rath trains across the country.According to a Railway Board official, this scheme has so far been introduced in about 300 trains, including important long-distance express trains, at the country level. Under the scheme, a team of cleaning workers are hired by railways to keep coach toilets, doorways, aisles and passenger coaches neat and clean during journey from the originating to terminating stations, he said, adding railways has been incurring huge expenditure on OBHS scheme to provide homely comforts to passengers.Under OBHS, the cleaning staff are required to be present on board the trains concerned. Passengers can call them to clean the coaches and toilets if they find them dirty and unhygienic, he said.According to sources, identification of trains for provision of OBHS scheme is still an ongoing process in every zone of railways. Cost of OBHS provision could vary from train to train as it depends on the number and type of coaches, sources said, adding railways has been executing 'OBHS' scheme on public-private partnership (PPP) basis across the country.An ECR official said about 25 pairs of mail and express trains have been brought under the 'OBHS' scheme in the zone. This scheme has been implemented under all five divisions of ECR. Railways has been keeping a close watch on the performance of the cleaning workers. He said Mughalsarai, Barauni, Muzaffarpur and Dhanbad have been made main centres of OBHS scheme.According to Danapur rail division PRO Ranjit Kumar Singh, the division has introduced OBHS scheme in most of the trains originating from Rajendra NagarTerminal, Patna Junction and Danapur stations. Railways has set up a team of railway officials to make surprise check of cleanliness on running trains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16802757", "title": "Madhya Pradesh for separate conservation plan for leopard", "text": "INDORE: With an increasing number of deaths of leopard in last few years due to poaching and man-animal conflicts, Madhya Pradesh government is now contemplating to come up with a separate conservation plan for the wild cat on lines of tiger. Currently, entire focus is laid only on tiger conservation even as leopard remain off the radar.According to records with the forest department of the state, around 150 leopards have been killed in last four and half years due to poaching or some other reasons and this is three times the number of deaths of tiger in the same period. Of the 150 deaths, maxim 43 deaths were recorded in 2011 alone.Principal chief conservator of forest (PCCF) R K Dave said, \"Leopard is very much in danger and needs attention. It is in danger as it stays near human habitat and is the one wild animal which comes in regular conflict with human being.\" He added that as of now, there is no programme for the conservation of leopards but there is realization at union and state level that leopard needs immediate attention.Dave, who was in the city to participate in a range-level sports contest of Van Samiti on Saturday, believes that there should be conservation plans for leopard too and efforts should be made to start a programme from the next financial year. \"Department have funds for conservation of wild animals which is being spent. But there is possibility that a separate fund can be created for leopard conservation,\" he added.Environmentalists believe that leopard is paying price due to conflicts with humans over forest. \"Unlike tiger, leopard is a wild animal which stays near human habitat and always comes in direct conflict with human being. Many reports have come up about leopards foraying in urban places or villages and getting injured or killed,\" he said adding that the department will start an awareness programme to save leopards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16810453", "title": "'Govt has failed to check overdrawing of ground water on a large scale'", "text": "LUCKNOW: According to social activist and local councilor, Rajendra Tyagi, the ground water was being drawn on a massive scale in Ghaziabad, and that government agencies have failed to stop this.Tyagi said, Even though there are rules to stop ground water extortion for commercial and industrial use, it is being procured and sold at a massive scale, adding that the officials of Uttar Pradesh Pollution Control Board (UPPCB) are levying water resources charges on industrial units, which are extracting ground water in violation of central ground water authority guidelines.The councilor alleged that the Ghaziabad Municipal Corporation (GMC), Ghaziabad Development Authority (GDA) and the Uttar Pradesh State Industrial Development Corporation Limited (UPSIDC) have completely failed to stop such illegal activities.The activist further claimed that due to overexploitation of ground water, the city s level has gone down by 20 to 30 feet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16804098", "title": "Widow has a legal right in dad-in-law\u2019s property: HC", "text": "NAGPUR: Allowing an appeal of circle officer against whom allegations were made of tampering with records for including the name of a widow in the mutation documents of her father-in-law's property, the Bombay High Court's Aurangabad bench has ruled that the woman has a right in the property.According to details, Mallikarjun Wagdale was the owner of an agricultural land at Ambajogai in Beed district. At the time of his death, land measuring 23 acres was in his name. His wife Bhagirathi had already expired and after her death, the mutation was made. Mallikarjun left behind four sisters, including Shilabai Banale, along with his son Chandrakant and his wife Kusum. Chandrakant also later passed away.As Kusum's name was not mentioned in the mutation of Mallikarjun's property, she made an application for its inclusion. Petitioner Gautam Puri, who was circle officer at that time, included her name in mutation records.Shilabai filed a police complaint against Puri and Kusum for offences of forgery and cheating. She alleged that both of them mutated Kusum's name in the revenue record of Mallikarjun's land behind her back.Puri moved the sessions court for quashing the proceedings and FIR, but the court observed that he included Kusum's name without following the due procedure and rejected his case. He then filed a criminal application in the high court.The high court observed that as Chandrakant was dead, his widow and his issues were entitled to take his share. \"If names of Kusum and her issues were not in the revenue record, she had the right to make such application. The mutation document does not show that any document like mutual compromise deed was produced by Kusum. The revenue authorities only entered the names of all the legal representatives of Mallikarjun, including that of Shilabai. It cannot be said that wrongful loss was caused to complainant Shilabai due to this mutation,\" a single-judge bench observed.\"Even if it is presumed that necessary procedure was not followed, it can be said that Kusum had a right as widow of Chandrakant in the property. Property of Mallikarjun will be succeeded by his widow, son and daughters even if it is presumed that it was his self acquired property,\" the judge ruled before disposing of the plea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16807946", "title": "Krishi Yantra Mela at Puttur from November 2", "text": "MANGALORE: The three-day 'krishi yantra mela' (agriculture machinery fair) that the Central Arecanut and Cocoa Marketing and Processing Co-operative (CAMPCO) Limited, Arecanut Research and Development Foundation (ARDF) and Vivekananda Technical Institute, Puttur are jointly organising will get underway on the Institute premises at Puttur from November 2. The organisers are expecting one lakh farmers to attend this event.Konkodi Padmanabha, president of Campco and managing trustee of ARDF, said members of 17 cooperative institutions from Karnataka and Kerala will participate in the event. Nearly 150 stalls featuring various agriculture machineries will be on display. Recognising the need to encourage engineering students, organiser have decided to accommodate some of projects of students from various engineering colleges of the region, Padmanabha said.Apart from exhibition of machinery, there will be technical sessions on various topics related to agriculture. Banks too have agreed to participate in the fair; Padmanabha said adding the organisers will request the banks to extend financial assistance to some of the innovative agriculture machinery manufacturers. D Veerendra Heggade, Dharmadhikari of Shri Kshetra Dharmasthala and president of ARDF, will inaugurate the event on November 2.Deputy Chief Minister KS Eshwarappa and Union Power and Corporate Affairs Minister Veerappa Moily will attend the inaugural function. Former CM DV Sadananda Gowda and Minister for Higher Education and DK district in-charge CT Ravi will participate in the valedictory session on November 4. The organisers have invited Kerala CM Oommen Chandy for the valedictory session. Chandy has not yet confirmed his participation.In a related development, Kalladka Prabhakar Bhat, southern region sampark pramukh of RSS carried out the chappara muhurtha for the mela on the institute premises on Saturday. Prabhakar Bhat recalled the farsightedness of founder president of Campco Subrayya Bhat in founding the multi-state cooperative and services of presidents thereafter in protecting the interests of farmers growing arecanut and cocoa in Karnataka and Kerala.EOM/October 14, 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16802553", "title": "Siblings commit suicide", "text": "HYDERABAD: Financial woes drove a woman and her brother to commit suicide by hanging at their residence at Miyapur. Though the siblings did not mention any reason for committing suicide in a purported suicide note left behind by them, they made an appeal to protect environment.The Miyapur police said Padma Priya, 22, and Ravi Kumar, 20, were found hanging from the ceiling at their residence on Saturday. The suicide came to light when house owner Naik went to collect rent. \"As the tenants did not open the door, Naik, who found foul smell coming from the house, alerted the police.We opened the window and found both of them hanging,\" Miyapur SI B Nagendra Babu said. Padma used to work in a small private company till recently, while her brother was a degree student. Police said the duo's parents-Manohar and Nirmala-were inaccessible. It is learnt that because of the huge debts taken by them, their children felt embarrassed as the creditors often visited their house to recover the money. \"A suicide note was found in the room, but they did not mention any reason for the suicide. Instead, they made an appeal for protection of nature by improving greenery,\" police quoting the note said.A case under section 174 (suspicious death) of the CrPC was registered and bodies were sent for post-mortem. tnnPolice suspect the brother-sister duo might have committed suicide 48 hours ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16803157", "title": "Cops probe woman\u2019s role in Maduravoyal realtor shooting case", "text": "CHENNAI: The case of Wednesday's shootout that left real estate broker L Mani Kumar near Maduravoyal injured has taken a new turn with police looking into the role of a woman in the incident. Police said they have reasons to believe that the woman had called Antony, the accused, for help, as Manikumar was standing outside her house in the late hours.Antony, who has been acting in Tamil films 'Muyal' and 'Yathi', which are under production, is in prison after being arrested on Friday in connection with the case. Police recovered a country-made gun from him.\"When we collected Antony's call details, we found that he had made many calls to a mobile number before the shootout and after the incident,\" said a police officer. \"We later found the number belonged to a woman in his neighbourhood in Krishna Nagar Annexe. One call in the wee hours lasted 10 minutes and another a little more than 13 minutes.\"Police said their inquiries with the woman revealed that she was present at the scene when Antony opened fire at Manikumar. \"She called Antony for help, as Manikumar was waiting outside her house after midnight. The woman is married with two daughters. Antony came out to confront Manikumar, who was drunk. A quarrel broke out and Antony fired at Manikumar,\" the officer said. The two already had rivalry over some money Manikumar had allegedly collected from some people in the neighbourhood.Police said Antony had then dropped the woman and her family at a relative's place in Anna Nagar. The woman returned to her house on Wednesday morning. \"We inquired with several local residents and came to know that Manikumar and Antony had entered into similar altercations in which the woman was involved,\" a police officer said.Antony was involved in the murder of a Thevar Peravai community leader 'Katta' Durai at an STD booth in Egmore in 2001. Slain gangster Venkatesa Pannaiyar and 'Rocket' Raja were also involved in this murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16802933", "title": "\u2018Dogs didn\u2019t cause rodent menace in Lodhi Garden\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: Regular visitors at Lodhi Garden who had first launched the battle against bandicoots are now wondering how dogs came to be collateral damage. They argue that the park's dogs \u2014 not \"stray\" but \"community dogs\" \u2014 have, in fact, helped contain the bandicoot menace.\"Dogs are essential to maintaining the balance in the garden. Cats can't handle these rats,\" says Suhas Borker, founder, Green Circle, Delhi. Lodhi Garden is home to about 40 dogs that are all, assures Borker, well-cared for. Golf Links resident, Veena Singh, has been feeding the canine community here for a decade. \"There are about 15 volunteers who care for the dogs here. But we always carry the food bowls away. Those who picnic here do the most damage,\" she says, \"I've seen people bring pots and pans to cook.\" She also observes that the dogs have all been immunized and spayed. \"We take them in our own cars to get them sterilized so that they aren't traumatized by the vans,\" she says.The dogs are also an integral part of the park's security system. \"There are many expensive plants here and sometimes they get picked up. The dogs alert the gardeners and security guards whenever there's a trespasser,\" adds Borker.There are various methods of dealing with rodent infestation in farms but what JPS Dabas, senior scientist, Indian Agricultural Research Institute (IARI), suggests will never be accepted by visitors \u2014 the highly toxic pesticide, zinc phosphide.\"Zinc phosphide, if used carefully, can help deal with the rodent infestation very efficiently. It has been used widely in farms to deal with rodents,\" he says. But keepers certainly want to avoid pesticides. Fumigation of the burrows is also a no no. \"We don't want to use any pesticide or rodenticide,\" says Borker, \"It will endanger even the birds, squirrels and dogs.\"Dabas also suggests lesser toxic methods. But those may not be as efficient and cheap. \"The two safe methods are using irrigation to drive out rodents from their burrows or using pads that catch rodents. Once the rodent steps on the pad, it gets stuck to it. Park keepers can throw the rats at a distant site after they are trapped by the pads. However, the pads are quite expensive, costing about Rs 25 per pad, and are usually used in hotels and offices.\" Dabas adds that IARI will be happy to help if park keepers approach them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16803796", "title": "Rent-a-bike operators get police orders", "text": "MARGAO: A day after the Margao police busted an inter-state gang of robbers involved in stealing cash from parked vehicles, director general of police (DGP) Kishan Kumar issued strict instructions to all rent-a-bike operators across South Goa to maintain the records of their customers' identity particulars in a particular format.Addressing reporters in Margao on Saturday, Kumar said that it would now be mandatory for all rent -a-bike operators to ensure that they take proper identity cards and verify the phone numbers of their customers before they give their bikes on rent.The police revealed the names of those busted in Friday's raid as Naresh Anandan Shettigar, 28, and Aryan Nayar, 27, both from Chennai, and Uthayyya Kumar Narimutu, 27, from Kerala.Asked if other such robberies in the state in the past could be linked to the inter state gang, Kumar added that the same along with other investigations to check if any more such members are still present in Goa are underway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "16803362", "title": "5 men, 10 children admitted to Mettur General Hospital after gas leak", "text": "SALEM: Five men and 10 children from Konur village in Nangavalli Panchayat Union have been admitted to Mettur General Hospital after they complained of asphyxiation and eye irritation following gas leak from a private chemical manufacturing company in Mettur on Saturday evening. Mettur revenue divisional officer S Suryaprakash has ordered an inquiry into the gas leakage and has asked the GH to ensure necessary care to the affected villagers.Suryaprakash said the gas leak took place at Chemplast Sanmar, which manufactures PVC resins and caustic. \"There is no serious impact on the people. However, 10 children including one girl, and five men who lived in Konur village near the company, were asphyxiated and experienced irritation in their eyes. They have been admitted to Mettur GH and are being treated,\" Suryaprakash told TOI.However, manager of Chemplast, Gokula Krishnan, claimed on phone that he was unaware of the incident.Meanwhile, the Nangavalli Panchayat Union has threatened to file a police complaint regarding the incident on Sunday. Union president P Jeevanandam said that many people who live near the company face problems due to the company. \"We will lodge a police complaint on Sunday,\" he told TOI.Residents of R S Area near Chemplast had in August complained about gas leak from the company to Salem collector. Local residents complain that many people have suffered with various diseases due to effluents released by the company. A social activist, A Radhakrishnan, moved the Madras high court on the issue in August and the court had ordered the pollution control board to look into the matter. Accordingly, a 16-member team headed by Mettur RDO S Suryaprakash, comprising of officials drawn from District Environment Engineering of Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board, Tamil Nadu Water Supply And Drainage Board (TWAD), Public Works Department (PWD), Agriculture and Factories conducted an inspection on September 5. The team is yet to submit the report of the inspection so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16804983", "title": "Three budding crooners all set for tryst with fame", "text": "LUDHIANA: Though there are a large number of TV reality shows, giving opportunities to many singers, there are many talented people who struggle just to get a chance to be on these shows. And three Ludhiana-based Sufi singers \u2014 Lahkbir Singh, 27, Jagjeet Rana, 22 and Amrit Chahal, 25 \u2014 coming from underprivileged sections of society are part of such teeming crowds, yearning for that one chance. But they got that elusive opportunity and are now all set to showcase their talent on the small screen.Overcoming their monetary shortcomings and in Lahkbir's case even his physical limitations, besides their fear of singing in front of an audience, it has been a difficult journey for these three Ludhanvis.Not only have the three been chosen to be a part of a Sufi singing show on TV, an entire episode would be dedicated to each one of them.From small local shows to this break, it has been a difficult journey for Lahkbir Singh, who lost both his legs a few years ago. But his determination was so strong that he never gave up on \"riyaaz.\" Lahkbir said, \"Dealing with my physical disability was the hardest thing for me. There came a moment when I gave up all hope but the desire to sing kept me going through the dark days. Singing has always been my passion and it took me closer to the almighty. I used to experience such energy while singing, that I knew this was my calling.\" Lahkbir, who is from Bagha Purana village, has now shifted base to Ludhiana.Amrit Chahal, a resident of New Shimlapuri, whose father is a factory worker said, \"I am thankful to God, that today I have a platform to live my dream, something that I might not have got, in view of the demotivating attitude of my relatives. Though we have a meager income, my family went out of its way to help me.\"Jagjeet Rana, son of a vegetable vendor, is also all set to rock the stage with his Sufiana notes. \"I have been playing piano since I was eight. There was a time when I had to leave studies after class VIII because we had no money.But I did many odd jobs to continue my studies, while not leaving my passion to sing. From literally having no money to going on to get an opportunity to perform on national television, it all seems like a miracle,\" said Rana, a resident of Pakhowal Road.These upcoming singers chorus that it was their financial shortcomings and societal hindrances that made them strong enough to reach where they are today.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16805028", "title": "Mother of murdered teen seeks divorce", "text": "MUMBAI: The tragedy-stricken Patrawala family is back in court, only this time it's marital discord and not murder that sees them preparing for a legal slugfest. And this time, it's Patrawala versus Patrawala.Back in August 2007, the Lokhandwala family was plunged in grief when their 16-year-old son, Adnan, was kidnapped and killed by his own friends in Navi Mumbai. The kidnappers, allegedly attracted by the Patrawalas' wealth, demanded a ransom of Rs 2 crore, but panicked and killed Adnan after driving him around for several hours in his own Skoda. Compounding their woes, a sessions court acquitted four of the accused on January 30, 2012.Even before the sessions court gave its verdict, Lubna Patrawala, 46, mother of Adnan, moved the family court on January 17 seeking to divorce her \"very rich businessman\" husband saying he has subjected her to mental and physical cruelty on account of his alleged extra-marital affairs. Lubna has sought a monthly maintenance of Rs 2.5 lakh or permanent alimony of Rs 10 crore saying her husband, Aslam, 49, can easily afford the amount and she has no source of income.The divorce petition says that on August 15, 2007, just four days before Adnan was killed, Lubna overdosed on sleeping pills and was admitted to hospital after she caught Aslam with her married step-sister, who had come from Pune for a visit. The petition adds that after apologies from the duo the Patrawalas patched up. On August 17, the step-sister stayed over and the next day the Patrawalas dropped her at Mumbai Central station. The Patrawalas then went for dinner and a movie and returned home at 2am on August 19. When Lubna went to her children's bedroom, she found Adnan missing and was told by her older son that Adnan's friend had called to say he would return in the morning. Later that morning, they began receiving the ransom calls. Ultimately, Adnan was killed and the family received his body on August 21, 2007.The couple have been married for 25 years and Adnan was the youngest of their three children. Their daughter was 20 and son 17 when he died. They are 25 and 22 today.Lubna's petition gives details of Aslam's alleged affairs and says that whenever she confronted him, he threatened to divorce her and physically assaulted her. She complained of the assaults, \"but he has used his clout and monies to influence the police machinery\". The petition says she even had a miscarriage after Adnan's death.Aslam continued the affair with her step-sister, the petition alleges. His mother and sisters allegedly supported him and asked her to accept a separation in return for a separate home and maintenance. Aslam told her relatives he would pay Rs 10 lakh in alimony.Lubna's petition states that despite their marriage not being dissolved, Aslam married her step-sister on July 9, 2011 while keeping her and their children in the dark.A school drop-out and a homemaker, she says she has no source of income. She says the Patrawalas' luxurious lifestyle was the reason Adnan was kidnapped for ransom. \"This (the lifestyle) was also known to society by and large and therefore the youngest son was kidnapped and an extortionist demand was made to the respondent considering the affluent lifestyle of the respondent's family. Unfortunately, the kidnappers killed the youngest son,\" the petition states.She has detailed the assets, including luxury cars, and income of the family, adding that Aslam \"alone has inherited all the assets and properties of his father\".Lubna adds that she lived in luxury and is used to \"wearing good clothes, travelling in luxurious cars, sleeping in an air-conditioned room, enjoying annual holidays abroad and going to the club at NSCI\". She has sought the continuation of this lifestyle. The petition alleges that Aslam has taken away her credit cards, cell phone and car keys and is \"indifferent to his children and he is careless about the domestic affairs of his conjugal home\". Lubna also asks that till the final disposal of her petition, Aslam be restrained from removing her from her conjugal home.She points out that the \"Holy Quran provides for making provisions for the wife\" and adds that Aslam is providing maintenance and other provisions to the children but not her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "bangalore/new delhi", "code": "16802640", "title": "Upset BCCI may stop contributing money for other sports", "text": "BANGALORE/NEW DELHI: The Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) is fuming over the sports ministry's \"unilateral\" decision to merge a joint fund of Rs 80 crore created four years ago - including Rs 50 crore from the BCCI - to bail out cash-starved sports disciplines into a larger corpus, the National Sports Development Fund. The board says it has been kept in the dark not only on the merger but also on how the money is being spent.Ministry officials told TOI that the fund, formed in 2008 when MS Gill was sports minister, no longer existed in its original form but every rupee was accounted for. The original joint committee set up to oversee spending too was \"non-existent\", sports secretary PK Deb said.BCCI sources said the ministry's attitude could force them to stop contributing to the fund. \"We expected the ministry to inform us about how they were spending our money. We sent them so many letters. Had they been more professional in their approach, we would have been glad to give more funds for the development of other sports,\" said a source.The BEST fund ( BCCI-NSDF Elite Sports Talent fund) brought together a contribution of Rs 50 crore from the cricket board and Rs 30 crore from the ministry to help neglected and cash-starved sports disciplines. The spending was to be overseen by the BCCI-National Sports Development Fund Implementation Committee (BNIC) comprising officials from the BCCI, the government and sports federations. Apparently, the committee did not meet after May 2009. BCCI said it periodically questioned the status of the fund; in its last letter sent in June this year, BCCI protested that it was \"in the dark\".Sports secretary PK Deb told TOI he would write to BCCI about the status of the fund besides providing them with the accounts audited by the comptroller and auditor general of India. \"We will tell BCCI that what started as a joint fund has grown into a bigger pool with contributions coming from other corporates. For example, Jaypee group contributes Rs 10 crore annually to this fund. With multiple donors coming in, we have found it difficult to maintain the original identity of the fund,\" Deb said. \"We will also tell BCCI that the National Sports Development Fund (NSDF) is now under CAG. We have the accounts audited for the last three years and everything is in order.\"Sports minister Ajay Maken told BCCI in an earlier response that Rs 4 crore had been donated to PT Usha's academy in Kerala and another Rs 6 crore was given for the construction of a stadium in Jammu and Kashmir. \"It will be impossible for us to provide a break-up stating where BCCI's money was used and where it wasn't. We can only tell BCCI that every time an allocation is made from the NSDF, a stipulated percentage belongs to them,\" said Deb.The ministry official admitted that the BNIC was no longer functional. \"With the joint fund being non-existent, the committee too is not functional. But we do have a panel going into the merits of each applicant before deciding on the allocation.\"BCCI sources said they hadn't been informed about the joint committee going \"defunct\" either. \"We haven't been kept in the loop at all. We aren't aware that the joint committee is no longer functional. We have been sending the ministry letters for a while, but we haven't got any response.\"Deb wasn't too sure of any previous correspondence with the BCCI in this regard but said he was keen to set the record straight. \"We have to understand that BCCI has every right to be concerned because it is their money. We can't devalue their contribution.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16804672", "title": "Mystery of Sri Aurobindo's 'revolutionary bomb'", "text": "VADODARA: One of the most popular beliefs associated with Sri Aurobindo's stay in Vadodara is that while he was in the service of the Baroda royal, Sayajirao Gaekwad, Aurobindo managed to get hold of a bomb-making formula. According to the legend, the formula was passed on to revolutionaries who used it to carry out many daredevil operations against the colonial government in the early 1900s.A few old staffers of the city's public libraries like to tell a particular story. When the letter carrying the formula arrived in the city, the postman faced a peculiar problem - he could not read the address because it was written in French. Since Aurobindo was probably the only person in the city known to be proficient in several foreign languages, people directed the postman to him for help. \"And so, the letter managed to reach its intended destination by sheer providence,\" says author Sapna Rangaswamy, who was told this story by a librarian many years ago.However, if curiosity, or love for history, or interest in Aurobindo's early life before he turned spiritual, leads one to find out more about this formula, there is a major disappointment in store for the seeker. No evidence or written document exists here or in Auroville in Puducherry which could prove that Aurobindo procured any bomb formula for revolutionaries while he was living in Baroda.\"We can neither deny nor confirm the existence of such a formula, since we do not have any,\" declares S M Joshi, a former pro-vice-chancellor of MSU, who heads the Aurobindo Ashram in Vadodara. \"Sri Aurobindo was associated with revolutionary activities mainly in Bengal, so it's a popular belief that he procured the bomb formula. The only thing on record about his revolutionary activities in Baroda is that he did manage to put somebody in the Gaekwad Army for military training. At that time, he was convinced that armed revolution would be required for liberating India, but things changed after he was imprisoned in Alipore conspiracy case. In jail, he found his true calling.\"But those who are convinced about Aurobindo's association with the bomb formula have their own rationale for the missing evidence, \"Nobody expected Aurobindo to save such a written document, which could have been incriminating evidence when the police were hounding revolutionaries,\" says a member of the ashram requesting anonymity.Inquiries made by TOI at Aurobille also drew a blank. Rangaswamy, who is also a member of the Auroville Ashram in Puducherry says she was told by senior members at the Puducherry ashram that they had never come across any evidence of a bomb formula. But that's not a big disappointment for Aurobindo's followers who would rather remember him for his later spiritual leanings than his revolutionary days.Formula mentioned in writings of those timesA B Purani, a young nationalist who later became the personal attendant to Sri Aurobindo in later years, writes in his series, 'Evening Talks with Sri Aurobindo': \"When the question of putting into execution the revolutionary plan, which Sri Aurobindo had given to my brother - the late C B Purani - at Baroda in 1907 arose, I thought it better to obtain Sri Aurobindo's consent to it. Barindra, his brother, had given the formula for preparing bombs to my brother, and I was also very impatient to begin the work. But still we thought it necessary to consult the great leader who had given us the inspiration, as the lives of many young men were involved in the plan.\"Some excerpts of Aurobindo's recollections of his imprisonment, 'Tales of Prison Life', translated by Sisir Kumar Ghosh, talk of the time when police marched in to arrest Aurobindo from his home in Alipore: \"No papers or letters were shown or read out to me. Mr. Cregan, for his own delectation, read out loudly a letter from Alakdhari. The friendly Benod Gupta in his natural and delightful style marched round the room, raising echoes everywhere and brought out from the shelf or some other corner papers or letters, and now and then, muttering 'very important, very important' handed these over to Cregan. I was never told what these important documents might be. Nor was I at all curious, since I knew it was impossible that there might be in my house any formula for the manufacture of explosives or documents relating to conspiracy.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16804740", "title": "Nostalgia of an artist preserved this haveli", "text": "AHMEDABAD: When noted Amdavadi textile designer Kinnari Lakhia returned to the city in the early 90s after a stint in the US with her photographer husband John Panikar, they decided to set up their design studios in her ancestral home in Jethabhaini Pol. At the time, it was an unconventional decision, raising many eyebrows.Belonging to Kinnari's maternal family, the house was up for sale. \"We got to know a builder was planning to buy it and raze it to the ground to make way for an apartment complex,\" says Kinnari. \"I have grown up in this home, playing with around 20 cousins. I could not allow it to be razed.\"Apart from the emotional connect, the peculiar architectural aspects of the 350-year-old haveli attracted the couple - both alumni of the National Institute of Design. While most pol houses welcome you at the otla, this haveli boasts of a rare front court - accessed through an ornate wooden gate. The spacious haveli has two more internal courtyards. The bedrooms on the upper level open into the main internal courtyard, and on the ground floor only puja rooms open into it. This is the heart of the house for the spiritually inclined couple. The kitchen and dining area flank the third courtyard.The couple creatively revamped the home - reflecting a tasteful combination of traditional and contemporary aesthetics. For restoration, only traditional construction methods were followed. Old objects not only found new uses as ornamentation (like vessels arranged in the dining area) some continued to be used replacing modern alternatives - like the steamer to cook dal-rice, kettles to wash hands and so on.\"It is important for an artist to have a sanctum for creativity and inspiration. The nostalgia engulfed in this place has often been my muse,\" says Kinnari, who has designed a textile collection inspired from the old city \"which is a treasure trove of historical motifs\". It was also exhibited at SoHo art gallery in New York. When the couple had moved into the haveli, they had envisioned that the artist community would follow suit.\"To be alive, buildings have to be lived in. The art communities have reclaiming rundown industrial complexes of New York , Berlin and other European cities to set up studios and galleries. From a wasteland these places turned in the cultural hubs. In some cities, heritage structures were reclaimed. Sensitively, the architecture has been preserved while the space has been adaptively reused,\" explains Kinnari, who bought a few adjoining havelis to develop them as visitors' studios. \"We hoped to develop a similar artist village here.\"Their arrival coincided with the heritage movement gathering momentum in the city. \"With 'heritage' becoming fashionable today, it has skewed the economics. This is causing rampant commercialization,\" adds Kinnari. \"Heritage should not be fossilized. Only an adaptive reuse model can preserve it.\"The Aha Moment!Spirituality gains an aesthetic angle in Kinnari Lakhia's haveli. With the ancestral puja rooms opening into the main court, the artists have painted Mata ni Pachedi-style paintings on the walls - a contemporary adaptation of Kalamkari art. The painted stories are from Morari Bapu's Ramayana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16810279", "title": "Sarita Joshi &amp; Aadesh Chaudhary in Byah Hamari\u2026?", "text": "Hat's Off Production's has tried everything under the sun to set the TRPs escalating for Sony TV's Byah Hamari Bahu Ka but nothing seemed to work.But recently, the show got an extension of two months and things are looking brighter as the show witnessed a rise in its TRP. And now we hear in a bid to win over the viewers the show is planning to bring in its loyalist actor Sarita Joshi on the show.'Byah Hamari Bahu'... takes an interesting turn and two important characters played by Sarita Joshi and Aadesh Chaudhary will be brought in.Sources inform that one of the most popular characters of Hat's Off Production's hit show 'Baa Bahu Aur Baby' , Sarita Joshi will soon be seen in a different avatar on 'Byah Hamari... where she will play a koli character. On the other hand, Aadesh Chaudhary has been roped in to play a negative role and he will essay a Marathi character. Interestingly, here too Aadesh plays a don like his character in 'Laagi Tujhse Lagan' and his character is tentatively named Satya.We tried contacting Sarita Joshi and Aadesh Chaudhary but they remained unavailable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "cm promises fdi in multibrand retail by next fiscal", "code": "16802910", "title": "FDI in multibrand to be implemented in Delhi next fiscal: CM", "text": "CM promises FDI in multibrand retail by next fiscal: Delhi CM Sheila Dikshit said that FDI in multibrand will be implemented in the capital by next financial year and accused BJP of trying to \"halt\" country's economic growth by opposing the move. \"The people who are opposing the FDI are not keen to take forward the country and its people,\" Dikshit told traders at her residence.The traders had come to show their gratitude for her decision to implement FDI in multibrand retail in the city. \"By opposing FDI, BJP is favouring largescale wastage of agricultural products and other consumer items,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16804484", "title": "Publishers feel delighted as crowd soars", "text": "LUCKNOW: Saturday turned out to be the perfect day for publishers at the ongoing National Book Fair. Being the second last day for the fair to conclude, book lovers bought bags full of books and publishers continued to draw good profit.According to the organisers, the footfall crossed the 40,000 mark on Saturday. \"People continued coming late in the night to buy books. More than just buying books, the fair turned out to be a place of gathering for people where they had fun,'' said Umesh Dhall, vice-president, Knowledge Tree Foundation (KTF), who organise the book fair in collaboration with The Federation of Booksellers and Publishers Association ( TFBPA).Organisers opined that the fair emerged out to be the favourite destination for the children. \"Events organised for children were a hit. More than 500 children from different age group participated in events ranging from dance, debate, quiz, cartoons and others. Children are excited as they get a platform to showcase their talent and subsequently win a prize,'' said Manoj Chandel, secretary, KTF.\"Over the years, book fair has helped motivating the children by organizing many events specially dedicated to them. My child participated in the debate competition. The experience is wonderful,'' said Varsha Sahni, a housewife.Publishers shared that there is an upward trend in reading habits of Lucknowites. But they felt that people here buy tested and tried books. \"They do not experiment on the new ones. The good names make good business,'' said Rahul, a book seller.Books that were most sought after included APJ Abdul Kalam's 'Turning Point', a sequel to his autobiography 'Wings of Fire'. Books written by Hari Om Sharma and Uday Pratap Singh's 'Mum Aranya' did brisk business. Oxford dictionaries also sold like hot cakes. Apart from dictionary on various subjects, students were hooked to dictionary on French and Germany. People from all age group were fascinated to the books on how to speak English language. Youth were hooked to self help and personality development books.Reshma Sharma, a student said, \"I use to travel to Delhi just to attend book fair but after the Lucknow fair has become grandeur with books of all kinds, I have stopped going to Delhi book fair. This has not only saved money but a lot of time.'' Her thoughts were seconded by Aman Singh, a businessman who said, \"I am a voracious reader and I want my children to cultivate the same habit. I have brought them here because surely books will attract them towards reading.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16803651", "title": "For some, this is the rock of their life", "text": "Relics, it is said, inspire a sense of history and are touched by spirituality. Which is also what draws Indians to revere them.At the century-old Ramakrishna Math in Basavanagudi, the 'Holy Trio' sets the Math apart from other Ramakrisha Missions and branches. The three valued possessions are the holy relics of Sri Ramakrishna; a meditation rock sanctified by Sri Sarada Devi; and a stone bench used by Swami Vivekananda.The main attraction at the serene precincts of the ashram is the Holy Mother's Rock - a hillock measuring around 200ft long and 60ft wide. Sarada Devi, the wife and spiritual counterpart of Sri Ramakrishna, stayed in this Math for four days in March 1911. One day, she came out of her room, and in order to have a better view of the sunset , climbed the hillock. Inspired by the beauty of the setting sun and the idyllic surroundings, Sarada Devi sat down on the rock for a while and meditated. Disciples then named the hillock 'Holy Mother's Rock'.\"The rock attracts a huge number of people from different walks of life. Homemakers, students, professionals and eminent citizens come to the Math regularly, walk up to the rock to sit and meditate,\" said a monastic member of the organization.Radha Jaisimha, a homemaker, told TOI: \"I come to the Mother every morning and meditate for an hour. The practice has helped me in immensely in overcoming stress and anxiety associated with everyday life.\" Gopal Shah, an IT professional, said his weekends are incomplete without a visit to the Math and a few quiet moments at the rock.Another valuable possession of the Math is a stone bench around which the Vivekananda monument is built. When Swami Vivekananda arrived in Bangalore in 1892, he stayed at the Kalappa choultry in Majestic for a few days. During this period, he rested quite a few times on a stone bench attached to the front wall of the house of Sugappa, a jeweller.After discovering that the monk was none other than Swami Vivekananda, Sugappa preserved the stone bench slab, which was later handed over to the Math.The ashram in Bangalore also houses a few preserved relics of Sri Ramakrishna. While the Mission's headquarters at Belur Math in West Bengal has been sanctified by the holy relics, in the south, only two maths -- in Bangalore and Chennai - share this privilege.The Ramakrishna Math helps people inculcate spiritual discipline. \"A little spiritual discipline is necessary in order to know what lies within,\" Sri Ramakrishna Paramahamsa had said during an interaction with his disciples, while highlighting the need for spirituality for all. The gospel of the 19th century mystic finds greater relevance in the modern world, where material pursuits backed by newer technologies bring myriad comforts to life and at the same time, threaten to rob life of its very essence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16803714", "title": "32-year-old dies in motorbike crash", "text": "BANGALORE: A 32-year-old web designer and father of two succumbed to injuries after the motorbike he was riding skidded off the road and his head rammed against a compound on Langford Road on Friday night. The deceased has been identified as Justin John, a resident of Anepalya.According to police, John was returning home on his bike after buying a cake for his son. \"After returning home from his office in Shivajinagar, John left his house at around 8.30 pm to buy cake and household items. Around 10.30 pm, John met with the accident,\" police officials said.A native of Kerala, John is survived by two children, including a one-month-old daughter and three-year-old son, and his wife. His body was shifted to Bowring hospital for autopsy.Auto driver kills self in playgroundFollowing marital discord and poor financial conditions, a 40-year-old auto driver allegedly committed suicide by hanging himself from a tree in a playground in Malleshwaram early on Saturday.The deceased has been identified as Mahesh Kumar, a resident of Kurabarahalli. According to the police, Mahesh had two wives and four children. He was finding it difficult to meet household expenses. On Friday night, following a quarrel with his wives, Mahesh left his house and came to Azad Ground in Malleshwaram. He used a rope to hang himself from an iron bar fixed to the compound wall of the playground. Early morning at around 5 am, some passersby noticed the body and informed the police.Malleshwaram police have registered a case of unnatural death and are investigating. The postmortem was conducted in Victoria hospital and later the body was handed over to the family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "16803856", "title": "Mapusa\u2019s parking woes: Solutions ride in", "text": "MAPUSA: Traffic authorities and Mapusa municipal council have renewed their commitment to ease the traffic and parking woes in the town, especially in the municipal market area.Municipality workers will now assist parking in the market to ensure smooth flow of traffic. Chairperson of the Mapusa municipal council (MMC) Sudhir Kandolkar, Mapusa traffic cell police inspector Salim Sheikh attended the meeting chaired by deputy collector Sabaji Shetye to discuss the subject of traffic management within the jurisdiction of Mapusa.Parking and traffic congestion have become a major irritant for residents due to absence of proper city planning. Various suggestions were exchanged by the MMC and the traffic cell authorities to help aid the traffic flow and solve the parking problems along with ensuring smoother transportation.Various suggestions by the traffic cell included rounding of the jagged corner of the taxi stand at the south east side which will allow a free access to vehicles wanting to exit the city especially wide-chassis vehicles like buses, trucks etc.The suggestions included curbing of the stone barrier at the taxi stand, fortification and extension of gutter slabs and bringing it to the road level which will extend the parking of two-wheelers off the road and increase the motorable lane by almost 1.5m, and no handcart should be allowed to be placed in twowheeler parking areas\"Every inch should be utilized optimally to ease the traffic congestion. We will help the municipality in easing the traffic in the town,\" said Mapusa traffic cell police inspector Salim Sheikh.Absence of parking spaces, roadside bus stops intra-state buses originating from and terminating at busy city areas, undisciplined driving and parking, bad roads and main shopping centres in a space falling within a radius of 1 -2 kilometres from the town centre are the main causes for traffic congestion in Mapusa.\"The municipality has instructed to assist in parking solutions as the congestion has increased manifold. We will do it with the help of the traffic police,\" said Uday Salkar MMC market inspector.\"People haphazardly park vehicles which adds to the traffic congestion. We will deploy our men to assist parking,\" he said. The Mapusa traffic cell will also ask for additional signboards and staff to regulate traffic flow in the town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16804463", "title": "Banaras Hindu University to have Chhatra Sansad", "text": "VARANASI: The Banaras Hindu University (BHU) is going to take another initiative for representation of students. In place of students union, the university is going to introduce Chhatra Sansad. This was announced at the closing function of the Youth Parliament held at the Faculty of Law on Saturday.On the instruction of vice-chancellor Dr Lalji Singh, the secretary of the steering committee and PRO Prof Vishwanath Pandey announced that 'Chhatra Sansad' would be elected at the faculty level and would culminate into a federal structure at the university level, which will take the decision with a democratic debate and pass the resolution.It may be mentioned here that following large-scale violence on the campus during election process, the students union of BHU had been dissolved in February 1997.Later after a decade the first Student Council of BHU came into existence in October 2007. This year the poll schedule of Student Council was also announced in September, but it received a big jolt as the Allahabad High Court put a stay on the election process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16809301", "title": "Bad actors don't matter, only concept does: Hunar", "text": "Hunar Hali was last seen on Colors TV's Chhal- Sheh Aur Maat, where she played the dual characters of Aditi and Neha. But in spite of all the hard work by all the actors, Chhal bid adieu to viewers on 5th October. The reason was the TRPs which the show failed to garner.Hunar speaks about her Chhal experience, \"I was disappointed about Chhal not taking off. The show did not do well not because of the actors. Somewhere we went wrong. Playing Aditi was not right. Only Neha should have been there. Till I played Neha, audiences loved me. That's why the poor TRPs. But that's my personal opinion. But whether the show is a hit or miss, people do comment on your acting. Ultimately your work counts and people see how much effort we put in and appreciate you as an actor\".Adding, \"Shows doesn't matter. Today, many shows are running on the concept and story and not because of the actors or their acting. And still they become a hit! Then having bad actors in not important. And ultimately, TRPs are not in your hand\".Hunar is currently considering her options post Chhal going off air. \"There are things in the pipeline but it's too premature to talk about it right now\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16804333", "title": "Samarpan building lives of the deserving", "text": "NAGPUR: Six-year-old Prajwal wants to be a pilot when he grows up. His ambition may not have taken flight as his father Nagesh Krupalay, a medical technician who could not have afford admitting the boy to a school of his choice. Fifteen-year-old Shubham, who works as a newspaper boy in his spare time, wishes to study engineering. His mother cooks food to earn a living while his father is a tailor. Sisters Rucha and Runji along with their passion for singing and acting respectively, harbour the dream of becoming a chartered accountant and a doctor. Raising them single-handedly, their mother Jyotsana was in a fix when Rucha's school refused to either promote her or give a transfer certificate until she paid her term fee.These were among the few children who were helped by NGO Samarpan Trust that has been formed by some city professionals. While Prajwal can go to a private school instead of a government one, Shubham looks forward to attain higher grades with the help of some extra coaching that the trust would pay for. \"He can also have his new pair of spectacles now,\" said his mother Madhuri Wahane. Jyotsana also believes that she can now stop worrying about her daughters' high ambitions and help them.Only a year old, the trust has already sought out and helped six such children. Their only condition is that the beneficiary children must perform well for the help to continue. For this, they assess the performance over the year. On Saturday, the trust organized the 'convocation' of the children who benefitted through the year and to initiate the new beneficiaries to the ways of their organization.\"We have made sure that we have an incentive-based scholarship scheme. Another thing we have been particular about is not providing the whole amount required as a charity but to support the children financially when their parents are unable to,\" said Dr Nirbhay Karandikar, president of the trust. The funds provided, he said, can be used by the family of the beneficiary in any way that they think useful - over tuition classes to help them with studies, computer lessons or art classes.The trust will soon roll out other initiatives like a scholarship scheme for single mothers and a life skill development programme informed his wife Dr Poornima. She explains that the skill development includes teaching values like crisis management, empathy and strengthening their skill sets. \"The aim here is to give the children from underprivileged society an opportunity for an all-round development,\" she said. Both their families, including Nirbhay's father Ashok Karandikar and Poornima's sister Dulari Pawar, are a part of the trust.\"To scout for the talented bunch of kids who are feeling the financial pinch, we approached a government school at Rameshwari and asked the teachers for help. We have also been maintaining records of their performance in the area they asked our assistance,\" said another trustee Dr Prasanna Borkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16807733", "title": "Samantha unveils Bus Stop audio", "text": "Samantha was the star attraction at the audio launch of director Maruthi's (Ee Rojullo fame) new film Bus Stop. The actress has unveiled the film's audio at a grand function held at Shilpa Kala Vedika on Saturday. Starring Prince and Sri Divya, the film is produced by Bellamkonda Suresh under Sai Ganesh Productions.After the first trailer creating a good buzz around the film, Maruthi said that the music has come out well. Coming with the subtitle 'Lovers Adda', Bus Stop is another entertainer targeted at the youth. The film has cinematography by J Prabhakara Reddy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16804861", "title": "Nostalgia sweeps PEC corridors", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The convocation at PEC University of Technology on Saturday brought back memories as graduates from all over the country landed at the campus to attend the ceremony.Hanging out at the PEC market and sipping their favourite \"neembu dew\", many feasted on the popular \"besan barfi\" and ate \"dosa at Anna's corner\" for lunch \u2014 all those things that they used to love doing while studying at PEC.Returning to their alma mater for the 42nd convocation was much more than just relieving old memories. \"The first thing we did was head to our favourite hangout place on the campus. I decided to meet old friends at the Verka t-point,\" said Amandeep Singh, an ME graduate who is now working in Amritsar. He was spotted hanging out with Pradeep Singh and Mandeep. Yet another group \u2014 Tara Singh, Prabjot Singh and Karunesh, all mechanical engineering graduates of 2012 \u2014 gathered at PEC market outside their favourite joint.Talking about the good old days on the PEC campus, these alumni chit-chatted and caught up with each other, enjoying every moment of the reunion.\"The moment my plane landed in Chandigarh, I felt I was home. And when I entered the PEC campus, the emotions I felt were beyond description, as nostalgia overwhelmed me,\" said Prabjot, who came from Mumbai to attend the convocation.\"We miss this atmosphere and the campus,\" added his friend who was reminiscent of their mischievous jaunts together in hostel during student days.A batch of electrical engineers including Pranav Talwar, Aakashdeep, Lalit Kumar, Shubham Thakur and others, recalled meeting teachers at first instance when they visited the campus. \"The first thing we wanted to do on entering the campus was meeting and thanking our teachers. Every single wonderful moment spent here has come alive,\" said Aakashdeep.The group cited how they had been meeting often to keep in touch.Enjoying the combo meals at PEC market were students of all batches. \"The PEC market used to be our favourite hangout during student days. And sitting here today revived those memories. It almost felt like we are carefree students once again,\" said Lakhwinder and Thanisha, PEC graduates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16802377", "title": "Experts: Stronger laws will aid conservation", "text": "HYDERABAD: Countries need to recognize the rights of local communities to achieve the ''Aichi Targets' (on conservation of biodiversity) by 2020, said Ashish Kothari, founder member of Indian NGO Kalpavriksh, on Saturday. Kothari was speaking at the launch of a new publication, 'Recognising and Supporting Territories and Areas Conserved by Indigenous Peoples and Local Communities' at HICC, on the sidelines of the ongoing Conference of Parties (CoP-11) on biodiversity here.The document, published by the Secretariat of the Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD) is based on a study undertaken by a consortium on Indigenous Peoples and Local Communities Conserved Territories and Areas (ICCAs) and lists out details about the range, extent and value of these sites. It also offers lessons on how best to provide recognition to ICCAs.Talking specifically about India, Kothari pointed out how there was a need to strengthen the legal framework of the country to bring locals into the fold for better upkeep of the environment.Apart from suggesting an amendment to the existing Wildlife Protection Act, to include peoples' empowerment, he also stressed the need for implementing the Forest Rights Act in letter and spirit. \"The Act has already done a lot of good in curbing the timber mafia and checking mining activity in protected zones. If used properly it can really benefit biodiversity and at the same time recognize the knowledge of the communities living around them,\" he said.Apart from terrestrial areas, locals residing in the coastal zones, grasslands and mountains too should be brought under a separate legislation, the panel, comprising representatives of the ICCA consortium and CBD, said. This, they stressed, would help countries to expand the global protected area coverage to 17% of terrestrial and 10% of marine areas (a primary clause in the 'Aichi' targets).\"If countries have ratified the CBD through their national legislations, they are legally committed to implementing it,\" said Braulio Ferreira de Souza Dias, executive secretary of CBD, present at the event. He also called on member nations to implement the 2020 targets by recognizing the rights of indigenous and local communities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "macau", "code": "16809580", "title": "Gaganjeet Bhullar gives a masterly display to win Macau Open", "text": "MACAU: Gaganjeet Bhullar rode out a blip in the middle of the final round to card a solid three-under 68 and clinch the Venetian Macau Open title, his second title in less than a month, on Sunday.Bhullar, who had friend and one of India's leading amateurs, Ashbeer Saini on the bag, finished with a birdie to sign off at 16-under 268, two shots clear of American Jonathan Moore, who had five birdies in his last five holes.Making it sweeter for India was Shiv Kapur, who carded a four-under 67 to total 10-under and finish sole fifth.Himmat Rai (70) was 38th at one-under 283 and Ajeetesh Sandhu (73) was one-over 285 in 47th place.Moore (65) finished second, while Thitiphun Chuayprakong (70) of Thailand and Siddikur (66) of Bangladesh were tied third and Kapur (67) was fifth.Bhullar had four birdies in his first seven holes and seemed to be cruising to another superb win, when he found bogeys on the 10th and 13th holes. But he pulled himself back from that with steady par, a missed birdie putt and finally a solid birdie on 18th to close with a 68.Even as a pumped-up Moore raced home with five closing birdies to put pressure, Bhullar responded like a true champion and drained a six-foot par putt on 17 to hold on to a two-shot lead into the last hole. He then delivered a grandstand finish with a 12-foot birdie to become the first Indian winner of the Venetian Macau Open.\"This is going to take a long time to sink in. I hit the ball so good. I was just in the perfect zone. More than that, it was self-belief,\" said Bhullar, who earned $118,875 for his fourth Asian Tour victory.\"This is my first wire-to-wire Asian Tour title. I think it was more that I had to prove to myself that I'm a good front runner. I had to believe in myself. I did it and it was really special,\" he added.\"I thought I was going to play relaxed in the last few holes. But Jonathan played really well. He holed a long putt on 17 ... I saw that. I had a good tee shot, missed on the left but the first putt, I hit it over the hole. Trust me, it wasn't an easy putt (coming back). I had to visualize the ball going into the hole a few times and that's what I did,\" Bhullar said.\"I think the putt on 17 was the putt of the tournament. The whole week, I just struck the ball really well. Mentally, I was focused and I was in the zone. I knew I would win it easily,\" said Bhullar.This is Bhullar's fourth Asian Tour title, following wins in 2009 Indonesia President Invitational, the 2010 Asian Tour International, Thailand and the 2012 Yeangder Tournament Players' Championship, Chinese Taipei .He has also won once on European Challenge Tour, the 2011 Gujarat Kensville Challenge.Bhullar opened the week with a stunning 63 and proceeded to dominate the field with subsequent rounds of 68, 69 and 68 on the next three days. In four days, he had just seven bogeys against 26 birdies.The 24-year-old, Bhullar, who won the Yeangder Tournament Player Championships last month, has been in red-hot form with two wins, two second places, one third place and three other top-10 finishes in a total of 15 starts.It will also put him in the race for the Asian Tour Order of Merit title with some big-ticket events to come in the next two months.Moore, who came through the Asian Development Tour as the number one player last year, was delighted to post his best finish on the Asian Tour.His cheque of $81,375 has now secured his full playing rights for 2013.\"To put two sixes (bogeys on par-fives at the 12th and 13th) on the card and then five birdies, I'm really thankful. At times, I've been trying to do too much and make it happen instead of trusting it. I'm so thankful. It's amazing. It helps a lot for next year,\" said the 27-year-old Moore, whose wife Claire was on his bag.\"I was talking about Gaganjeet earlier this week and about the great players coming out of India. He's really good ... he's had an amazing year. I have a lot of respect for him. Last year wasn't one of his best years but look at what he's done now. That shows about the character that he has.\"Bhullar was in a zone as he birdied second, third, fifth and seventh to race through the front nine in a stunning 31, which suggested he was running away with the title.The two bogeys early on back nine halted his cruise, but the young Indian talent gathered himself admirably again and closed the deal.Thai Thitiphun Chuayprakong (70) gave Bhullar a hard chase for first seven holes, but then a double bogey on eighth spoilt it all.Though he birdied ninth, he found no more on the back nine and instead dropped two shots.The 20-year-old Thitiphun fought bravely on the front nine as he kept up with Bhullar with four birdies in his first six holes.But disaster struck on the eighth when he drove his ball out of bounds en route to a double bogey which took the wind out of his sail.Bangladeshi Siddikur finished strongly with four birdies in his last six holes for tied third as he snatched the last ticket to the WGC-HSBC Champions in China next month from the Order of Merit ahead of Scott Hend, who finished equal sixth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16803911", "title": "VIP Road transforms into a smooth-ride zone", "text": "KOLKATA: The next time you head for the airport, you don't have to start from your home an hour ago to factor in the time you might take to cross the messy Kestopur-Baguiati stretch. The 7-km long VIP Road, which was till now a commuter's nightmare, has turned into a smooth-ride zone over the last couple of weeks. Bidhannagar City Police (BCP) has taken special care to end the traffic mess on this stretch.Earlier, it would take at least 30 minutes to cross the distance between Kestopur and Baguiati during morning and evening peak hours. At present, the travel time has come down by about three times.\"I have to go to the airport often to pick up or drop relatives. Since I have had the experience of getting caught in the traffic mess between Kestopur and Jormandir, I had started taking Jessore Road after the Negerbazar flyover became operational. Last week, I took the VIP Road and was amazed by the improvement. It took me just five minutes to cross the congested stretch, that too during the evening peak hour,\" said Abhijit Mitra, a resident of Lake Town.Amongs the string of measures the cops have taken up include deployment of more traffic volunteers, not allowing autos and buses to stand at undesignated stoppage and disciplining pedestrians.\"Autos blocking portion of the chicken-necked Kestopur crossing, along with hundreds of undisciplined pedestrians scattered on the road, were major problems. Since there wasn't enough manpower, it was really difficult to control them. But now things have changed and we have been told to be strict in monitoring traffic movement,\" said a traffic police personnel manning Kestopur crossing.In order to discourage pedestrians to spill over to the road, traffic volunteers now block them with a rope till the traffic signal allows them to cross.However, some trial-and-error experiments at Lake Town crossing seem to have gone wrong. Motorists complain of messed-up traffic management at the crossing caused by dividers at the entry point to Lake Town. \"We have put in more manpower for stringent monitoring and better coordination to ensure smooth traffic movement on VIP Road. We hope to achieve better result in near future,\" said Pranav Kumar, DC (traffic) BCP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16803133", "title": "Without coal, \u2018dark\u2019 days await Haryana", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Power cuts are staring at Haryana once again as three of its thermal power plants are facing acute shortage of coal. Haryana Power Generation Corporation Limited (HPGCL) has expressed concern over the depleting coal stock at Khedar and Jhajjar thermal plants.According the daily report on coal stock by the Central Electricity Authority (CEA), the 1320MW Jhajjar thermal plant had 46,000MT of coal on Thursday which would last only a few days.The 1200MW Khedar thermal plant had around 1 lakh MT which would last six days. At NTPC's 1000MW thermal plant at Jhajjar, the coal stock is only for three days. Haryana has a daily production of 2745MW against the total requirement of around 5,000MW during non-summer days. The demand goes up during peak hours.The dwindling coal stock at HPGCL's plants is a big problem for the corporation as state-owned Coal India has turned down its request for enhancement of supply from 4.5MT to 5.48MT for 2012-13 and conversion of coal grade from 'F' to 'D' for its Khedar thermal power plant. 'D' quality coal is better for thermal plants. Sources said HPGCL's failure to make payments on time has caused the problems in the supply.Haryana power minister Ajay Singh admitted that there is a shortage of coal at power plants, but maintained that the situation is likely to improve by next week. The minister also admitted that the poor quality of coal also affected power production. \"Chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda has already taken up the issue with the coal ministry for early release of coal to these plants. There was some payment issues, but it has been sorted out,\" the minister said.While Haryana Power Engineers Association, which is an affiliate body of All India Power Engineers Federation, has also blamed poor planning by Haryana for such a situation.\"Central Electricity Authority favoured coal supply of 5.48MT for this project, but the ministry restricted the quantum to 4.5MT for 2012-13. Coal India is also a professional body, how can they work without money, hence Haryana has to be blamed for the crisis,\" Vinod Gupta, an office-bearer of HPEA, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16804113", "title": "Illegal occupants of govt quarters to be evicted", "text": "KOCHI: Finding it difficult to evict the unauthorized occupants in government employees' quarters, the district collector has issued a circular to all department heads asking them to act tough on the issue.It has now been decided that the last pay certificate (LPC) and other clearance certificates required for transfer or superannuation would only be issued to an occupant (employee) after s/he vacates his/her quarters.According to the circular, the heads of departments who fail to ensure this would face stringent action.The move is expected to be an effective weapon as LPC is mandatory for getting salary after an employee joins the office s/he is transferred to.Of the 560 quarters for government employees in the district, 320 are in three-storey apartments; the rest are independent villas.Some of these quarters are occupied by people who are overstaying, and many others are inhabited by employees who move in illegally after the original occupants vacate the place.\"Many occupants don't inform the public works department (PWD) when they are transferred. They continue to stay put if their new work place is in the neighbouring districts, and commute daily. That's why we have decided to take strict measures to evict them,\" said district collector P I Sheik Pareeth.\"If the quarters is handed over to another illegally, the original occupant would be fined four times the original rent,\" the collector said.The revenue authorities recently removed three such illegal occupants, he said.Though these quarters are owned and maintained by the PWD, the power to allot them to employees rests with the collector.Even if an employee is transferred, s/he can stay there for six more months provided s/he submits an application to the collector citing the circumstances which demands overstay.\"In certain cases, like when the change of residence affects the schooling of children, we allow employees to stay for six more months,\" said Pareeth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16806916", "title": "Sridevi\u2019s husband is now Tabu\u2019s too", "text": "The brilliant Adil Hussain so convincing as Sridevi's unintentionally cruel husband in English Vinglish, is now going to be seen as Tabu's husband in Ang Lee's The Life Of Pi, which releases in English, Hindi and other dubbed languages on November 23.In fact at the premiere if English Vinglish last week Adil, who is a seasoned stage actor and acting teacher trained at the National School of Drama, sat and watched the film with Tabu. Says the actor fondly, \"Yes, I met up with my latest screen-wife at the English Vinglish premiere. Tabu is very special, just like Sridevi. In fact my first screen-wife Vidya Balan from Ishqiya , was also there at the premiere. So I got a chance to meet up with my three glorious screen-wives all at the same venue. It was a pleasure working with all three of the.\"Adil who never craved for a career in movie acting, has lately shot for The Life Of Pi in Taiwan. Just how Adil bagged the coveted role in Ang Lee's film makes an interesting story. \"A very dear friend of mine Dilip Shankar was the casting director. He asked if I was interested in a screen adaptation of The Life Of Pi. I said, sure. Then at around midnight one evening I got a call from Ang Lee's casting director who said the director wanted to meet me. I said, 'Wow, where, when?' Ang Lee and I met at the Taj Lands End. The first thing I asked him is why he wanted to film this novel. It seemed like such an impossible novel to film. It still does. I don't know how he managed it. I went to Taiwan to discuss details and then we shot there.\"The way the role of Sridevi's husband came to Adil makes an even more interesting story. \"I was shooting at an inaccessible place when the casting director of English Vinglish asked me to shoot two scenes from the film on a video camera and send it to the director. Gauri Shinde saw the scenes and I was on. That I was playing Sridevi's husband was entirely a stroke of luck. I am fortunate to have bagged the role. I know so many husbands like the guy in English Vinglish . I didn't try to act. I behaved how I've seen friends behave with their wives.\"Luckily for Adil his own wife in real life has no such grievances. \"We are very happily married,\" informs the actor who is at the moment kicked about his next film, Partho Sengupta's Sunrise. Says Adil, \"It's not a big Bollywood blockbuster. I am really not interested in overnight fame. Or mass popularity. I love to act. I've been doing so on stage for many years now. Cinema is just one more avenue to explore my passion for acting. I am glad I am being noticed in English Vinglish . I want to do roles that are layered and enigmatic, like the one in Sriram Raghavan's Agent Vinod.\"Adil is uncomfortable with Bollywood's lack of protocol. \"In Hollywood even Penelope Cruz has to audition for The Pirates Of The Caribbean. In Hindi cinema no one asks the stars to audition. I am glad that every role I've done so far has come to after auditions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16802654", "title": "Leopard cub dies of shock in Balaghat", "text": "BHOPAL: A four-month-old wild leopard died of cardiogenic shock on Saturday, hours after it was captured from a toilet at Godri village in Balaghat district. The cub lost its way after getting separated from the leopard which gave birth to it and strayed into the toilet of Balchan Pashe's house in the forested Hatta area on Friday night, officials said.After the forest officials were informed, a team netted the animal as more than 1,000 people stood guard to it. The tiny animal was brought to Hatta forest range office and was given some vitamins, food, eggs and medical attention. Before the forest department ground duty staffers could release it in the wild of Hatta from where it forayed into the village, the cub's condition deteriorated. Hard-pressed staffers tried to rush the animal to the district headquarters but it died.The cub died of cardiogenic shock, according to the post-mortem report, Balaghat South divisional forest officer K K Khurwani told TOI.He said they wanted to release the cub to Hatta jungles to unite it with its mother, with which it lost contact some two days ago. Khurwani denied that the animal died of poor handling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16803801", "title": "Mickky not happy with probe into Mota arson", "text": "MARGAO: Two days after the Maina Curtorim police on Thursday arrested 15 persons on charges of arson and rioting after a group of 40-50 persons allegedly broke into the house of Dinesh Mota at Carvota in Loutolim and caused damage to his property late Wednesday night, Nuvem MLA Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco expressed his dissatisfaction with the police investigations and demanded the arrest and interrogation of Mota.Addressing reporters on Saturday, Pacheco said that he had taken up the matter with chief minister Manohar Parrikar demanding an impartial and proper probe into the matter and went on to allege that the police were trying to make it seem that he incited the 15 persons who were arrested.It maybe recalled on Wednesday, locals vented their ire on Mota's house as they were upset over Mota for having rented out his premises to Santosh Pujari, the accused who has already been arrested by the police on charges of murdering Luis Baptista from the village.\" If you recall, in the morning after the murder I had visited the site and I even rushed at night to diffuse \"the situation late Monday evening when the police took the accused to the murder site and the agitated villagers had gheraoed the police \" said Pacheco while stating that people were agitated as Mota is still roaming scot free. \"The police are saying that the murder took place due to petty quarrel but how can someone brutally assault someone over such a small quarrel. And Mota knew that the accused had beaten up the deceased the same night and did not inform the police and the next morning, he was aware that the dead body was lying on the ground but did not inform the police \" alleged Pacheco.\"Let the police investigate into the matter. All allegations made against me are baseless. I have been at the Maina Curtorim police station right from the beginning till date to cooperate with the police and I will be available as and when the police want me for investigation\" Mota said in a statement issued on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16804435", "title": "UGC nod to one-year LLM from 2013 academic year", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a bid to prevent the best legal minds from going abroad, the University Grants Commission has given its nod to make the masters degree programme in law of one year duration instead of two.Welcoming the move, vice-chancellor, Dr Ram Manohar National Law University ( RMLNLU) Prof Balraj Chauhan said, \"It has been seen that not the best students come forward to pursue LLM from the various reputed universities in India. Cutting the duration of the course to one year will help us retain best talent.\" With the change in place, Prof Chauhan said that the curriculum will have to be modified. \"The fundamentals would have to go out and specialisation will have to be the focus, since both the things can't be taught in such a short time,\" he said.At present, a student spends at least seven to eight years after intermediate to get a masters degree in law. And for pursuing LLM alone, it takes two years. UGC came up with this proposal two years back and constituted a committee headed by the founding vice-chancellor of National Law School of India University, Bangalore NR Madhava Menon. The committee was asked to examine the proposal, and it recently endorsed the move and submitted its report to UGC.According to UGC officials, in a meeting held earlier this month, it was decided that final discussions to make LLM a one-year programme will take place early next year, so that it can be implemented in the academic session 2013-14.This idea first came up two years ago during a round table on legal reforms chaired by Union human resource development minister Kapil Sibal, who is also a Supreme Court lawyer. The ministry had backed the proposal of a one-year LLM, following which the UGC had set up an expert committee under Prof Menon.Experts in the field also see this move to encourage research in law and prepare faculty for teaching. The Menon Committee recommended that an all-India test be held annually to select students for one-year LLM. Talking about the move, Prof Menon had on various occasions said the undergraduate degree in law (LLB) is good enough for those who want to practice law. He said that for those interested in serious study of law and teaching, one-year LLM is on cards.Only India, Bangladesh and Pakistan impart two-year LLM. Everywhere else, there is a one-year master's degree in law, a reason why Indian law graduates are going to the West for post-graduation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16804415", "title": "M S University's Literary Society to host Victorian Age Fest", "text": "VADODARA: The saga of Victorian era will come to life again. The Literary Society of M S University's department of English is organizing a three-day fest 'The Victorian Age Fest', which will witness an array of activities from movie screenings to play reading, poetry recitation, audio-visual and paper presentations.The fest will begin on October 15 and cover multiple domains, including literature, painting, music, politics, economics, science and technology.\"This literary festival will deliberate upon various literary, philosophical and cultural dimensions of the Victorian Age - the period of the rule of Queen Victoria in England between 1837 and 1901 AD. English literature saw some major developments during this era,\" assistant professor at MSU's department of English and coordinator of the Literary Society Dr Charul Jain told TOI on Saturday.The Literary Society every year takes up one literary period for organizing the fest. Last year, it had organized a similar fest on the Romantic Age.\"Students from faculties of arts and fine arts along with teachers from faculties of psychology, technology and engineering, science and our own faculty - arts will be presenting papers on various developments that had taken place during that period, including economics, scientific, psychological and in the field of textile, railways and clothing also,\" Jain said.There will also be a coin exhibition where coins belonging to the Victorian era will be displayed at the seminar hall of the department on the second day of the festival. During the first two days, 1968's musical movie 'Oliver Twist' and 1997's 'Mrs Brown' will be screened, while the third day of the festival will end with play reading of Bayle Bernard's 'A Storm in a Tea Cup'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16804054", "title": "Central Vigilance Commission norms not a hurdle for DMRC, Sreedharan", "text": "KOCHI: Guidelines of Central Vigilance Commission (CVC) do not prohibit entrusting of Kochi Metro project to Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC), said E Sreedharan on Saturday.He made this clear in letters to Aryadan Muhammed, minister in charge of the Railways, Sudhir Krishna, secretary, Union ministry of urban affairs and chairman, Kochi Metro Rail Limited (KMRL), and Elias George, managing director of KMRL.DMRC sources told STOI that Sreedharan in his letter has recalled that DMRC was involved in some of the other Metro projects in the country both at the consultancy and execution stages. These works were given to DMRC on a nomination basis and not on tenders.CVC guidelines were not applied in those cases as the transactions were between two government agencies. CVC guidelines only stipulate that such transactions should be reported to the respective board, Sreedharan clarified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16802541", "title": "Property tax for government land squatters", "text": "HYDERABAD: Squatters who have raised structures on encroached government land will soon have to pay property tax. The Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) will carry out assessment for the purpose of levying property tax, but occupants of such properties will not have any power to register or regularise the land.The corporation has been assessing unauthorised constructions in private patta land by imposing 25% additional property tax on buildings till now. The GHMC staff has been taking an indemnity bond from owners stating that they would not claim any right over the land during the assessment. They also clearly mention that GHMC has power to cancel tax assessment at any time without assigning any reason.These properties were being assessed as the corporation provided civic amenities, but were not applicable to illegal buildings on government and municipal land.As it is losing revenue, the GHMC raised the issue of property tax assessment of illegal buildings on government land. By not bringing these illegal buildings in the tax net, officials estimated revenue loss to the tune of Rs 70 crore per year.\"GHMC is losing about Rs 8-10 crore every year in Serilingampally municipal circle alone, where over 700 buildings were not assessed in Ayyappa Society and Khanamet village due to land dispute,\" a senior official of the corporation said. The corporation had been asking the MA&UD; department for amendment of the GHMC Act as the civic body was losing tax revenue from unauthorised buildings on government land.The civic officials claim the corporation has been spending crores of rupees on development of infrastructure and taxing of illegal constructions on government land would reduce financial burden on the civic body to some extent.Though MA&UD; and law departments are reportedly in favour of bringing amendments to the act for assessing encroached properties on government land, the revenue department is against the idea of assessment of unauthorised constructions on government land as land grabbers could use tax receipts for registration of properties and other purposes.Sources in MA&UD; department said a decision has been taken to amend the Act for assessing encroachments on government land as the vigilance and enforcement (V&E;) department also pointed out the issue in a case.Officials said section 220-B of the GHMC Act says \"a building is constructed or reconstructed or some structures raised unauthorisedly, it shall be competent to the assessing authority to levy property tax on such buildings with a penalty of 25% on the total tax amount till such unauthorised structure is demolished or regularised\".Now, the \"Levy of property tax on buildings constructed illegally on private land, government land or any category of land\" would be incorporated in section 220-B. The sources said the AP Municipalities Act would also be amended suitably in the Assembly's winter session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16805111", "title": "Ban unilateral talaq, says Muslim women\u2019s group", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bhartiya Muslim Mahila Andolan (BMMA), an advocacy group, is run from a tiny office in a slum at Kherwadi in Bandra East. Yet, its passionate activists have a missionary zeal about bringing relief to Muslim women caught in marital discord. And their latest cause is a campaign against the unilateral and oral talaq.Using the case of Mumbra's Afshan Bano, who was recently served a unilateral talaq by her Gulf-based husband (a divorce without the arbitration mandated by religious texts), BMMA is reaching out to the Muslim masses through seminars, pamphlets and meetings. Citing the regularity with which unilateral talaqs are being pronounced, the NGO has declared a virtual war against this mockery. Apart from creating awareness , BMMA activists are also protesting the patriarchal mindset of the All India Muslim Personal Law Board, which has been consistently stonewalling all efforts to declare the unilateral and triple talaq as invalid.\"Unilateral talaq is a gross injustice to a woman, who is not given a chance to present her case. It is ruining the lives of many women and must be banned,\" says Noorjahan Safia Niaz, BMMA's founder member. Last month, Niaz's organisation held a series of meetings across the country and found that the number of unilateral divorces had gone up shockingly in recent years. In Mumbai alone, BMMA has received 72 complaints this year, most of them about unilateral divorce.As part of the campaign, BMMA held a meeting at SNDT Women's College in Juhu on September 16. Fortyeight qazis were invited but only four turned up\u2014an indication , says Niaz, of the clergy's reluctance to discuss this issue .Understandably so\u2014although it is qazis who could lead the war against the unilateral talaq, most prefer to toe the Muslim Personal Law Board line. Qazi Mehtab, an advocate and Mumbai's Chief Qazi, says that he personally summons the wife of a man wanting a divorce before writing the talaqnama, but admits that most qazis do not follow the procedure, where arbitrators are supposed to be appointed and efforts of reconciliation made before a talaqnama is written. He, however, insists that according to the Shariat, a talaq uttered in absence of the affected wife is valid.\"Qazis have set up shop and write talaqnamas for a few hundred rupees apiece. This kind of talaqnama smacks of deep misogyny and needs to be abolished,\" says Haseena Khan of Awaz-e-Niswan , another feisty Muslim women's group that has been fighting against the oppression conferred on Muslim women by the religious patriarchy. And, of course, confronted as BMMA activists regularly do. Khatoon Sheikh, a BMMA member , gives the example of a man who divorced his wife in Pune on the ludicrous ground that she had accompanied her stepson to visit an ailing relative without informing him. When BMMA activists protested outside the local qazi's house for writing the talaqnama, he referred the case to another qazi in Mumbai. \"The qazi in Mumbai too has upheld the talaq. The woman is completely distressed ,\" says Saeeda Jamadar , BMMA convener in Pune.Sometimes better sense does prevail. A few months ago, BMMA activists confronted another qazi who had written a unilateral talaqnama and asked him to solemnise a nikah . \"He refused, saying that no nikah could take place in the absence of the groom. We asked him that if a nikah was not possible without a groom, how could he sign a talaqnama without informing the bride? He realised his mistake and is now our friend,\" says Sheikh.Although Islamic countries like Egypt, Iran, Jordan, Morocco, Yemen and Sudan have banned the unilateral and triple talaq through codified laws, it cannot be abolished in India unless the Muslim Personal Law Board agrees. However, this body is so adamant about not doing so that it did not discuss the codification of Islamic laws at all at its April convention held in Mumbai. \"Privately the members tell me that unilateral and triple talaq needs to be banned, but they don't discuss it in meetings,\" says Neelofar Akhtar , an advocate who is invited to AIPPLB's meetings.Why does AIMPLB oppose any move to ban unilateral talaq ? \"Unilateral, oral and triple talaq may not be in the Quran but there are traditions of the Prophet which approve of such a practice. And Shariat laws comprise both Quranic injunctions and the Prophet's traditions,\" says AIMPLB's Abdur Rahim Qureishi. But scholar Asghar Ali Engineer dismisses these arguments as based on a \"weak\" tradition, the authenticity of which is doubtful. \"Activists have already prepared a draft of codified Muslim laws which, if implemented , can ban unilateral and triple talaq,\" he says. \"Now we need to create awareness and prepare the Muslim masses to force AIMPLB to declare unilateral talaq invalid.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16802599", "title": "CM reviews preparations for Ijtema", "text": "BHOPAL: The Madhya Pradesh government has reviewed preparations for the mega annual congregation of Muslims, Ijtema, being organised from November 24.Muslims from all over the world are expected to converge here for the three-day event. Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan on Friday presided over a meeting which reviewed the preparations for the fair being organised at Eintkhedi near here.Chouhan directed officials to ensure that no devotee arriving for the event faces any problem as they are guests of the state, official sources said.The chief minister will again review the preparations by visiting the venue after Diwali, they said. Different departments of the state government and Ijtema organising committee would work in coordination to make all arrangements for the event, the sources said.A police control room will be set up at Eintkhedi. Medical camps would be established and additional coaches in the Bhopal-bound trains would be attached for convenience of the visitors, they said.Members of the Ijtema organising committee Iqbal Hafiz, Mohammad Mia, Atiqul Islam, Agha Abdul Qayyum, Hafiz Sahab, principal secretary (PWD), K K Singh, commissioner, urban administration and development, Sanjay Shukla and additional director general of police Vijay Yadav, among others, attended the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16802510", "title": "Cops' vain bid to quiz Congress MLA Shankar Rao", "text": "HYDERABAD: Former minister P Shankar Rao, who is accused of forging land documents of Green Field venture, Neredmet, for illegal gains, was not present at his Musheerabad residence when police went to question him about the allegations on Saturday evening. Dismissing reports that police went to arrest Shankar Rao, DCP, Malkajgiri zone, K Venkateshwara Rao told STOI that the Neredmet police went to Rao's residence only to question him and not to arrest him.\"Till recently, the investigation was stalled because of the stay granted by HC,\" Venkateshwara Rao said. However, family members took objection to police visiting the house in the absence of Shankar Rao. In November 2011, a criminal case was registered against Shankar Rao, his brother P Dayanand and three others. The Cyberabad police said they would try to contact Rao again in the next few days. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "jabalpur", "code": "16802713", "title": "Mining kingpin continues to evade Katni police", "text": "JABALPUR: The rich and powerful mining lobby is having a free run in the state, exploiting natural resources, with contempt for the state laws. Belying tall claims of Shivraj Singh Chauhan government, here is yet another proof of the enormous clout mining mafia wields in the state. Superintendent of police Katni - the mineral rich belt of the state - booked the local kingpin G B Vishwakarma for theft, forgery and criminal conspiracy a fortnight back.Several raids and efforts to nab him have proved futile.Rajesh Hingarkar SP Katni had found Vishwakarma mining a large tract of land right behind Madhavnagar police station without any license for the past 20 years.The illegal bauxite mined during the period was assessed to be worth Rs 250 crores. After procuring a court order for his arrest, the SP has launched a hunt for Vishwakarma. But shielded by powerful political and bureaucratic patrons, the man continues to give police the slip even as officers in mining department refuse to cooperate.Hingarkar had conducted a raid on the night of September 27 and 28. The police party seized JCB machines, trucks (all registered in Vishwakarma's name) and other equipment along with 46 tonnes of bauxite from the spot.Interrogation of the employees revealed that the mining lease was granted to Radhadevi Sharma for a period between 1972 and 1992.After expiry, it was never renewed and also that the environmental clearance to the mine stood expired.However, mining operations continued uninterrupted during the next 20 years. Most intriguingly, the lease holder and licensee Radhadevi turned out to be a mystery figure. \"We are still trying to trace her,\" Hingarkar told TOI on Saturday.The police registered a case under section 379 and 4/21 of the Mining Act, among others and took the matter to the court. What causes him grave concern, the officer said, \"is total apathy of the mining department\". He had sought details of Radhadevi Sharma, records of mining operations, including the grant, if any, of pit passes issued to the licensee from the mining officer B S Solanki, but there has been no response so far, he said.Instead, in a local press conference Solanki reportedly advised the SP to concentrate on growing crime and leave mining alone. When contacted by TOI Solanki claimed that he was out of station. \"I have returned just today from Delhi and Bhopal. The S P shall soon get all the details he has sought,\" he said.The Katni-Jabalpur belt, a senior officer said, has become a popular parking ground for black money and draws hoards of investors from Rajasthan, Maharashtra and Uttar Pradesh specially. The district has, as per government records, 481 mines, the number of illegal unlicensed mines could be just double, he said.Taking on the mafia can be a risky proposition specially after what happened to Narendra Kumar, the young IPS officer, who was reportedly mowed down under a tractor. The district police needs all support, the SP added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16807890", "title": "I will never be a part of Bigg Boss: Parmeet Sethi", "text": "Bigg Boss attract many celebs from the TV world, however, Parmeet Sethi wants to stay away from the controversial house of small screen.Parmeet is keen to come back on TV and is interested to do reality shows. \"Yes, TV gives you popularity. People see you everyday and I would love to be a part of reality shows,\" said Parmeet.So, will you be a part of Bigg Boss ? \"No, I will never be a part of Bigg Boss . I think it exposes the negative side of any contestant and I don't want to put my family through all that,\" answered Parmeet.Parmeet is busy writing scripts and claims that he wants to do something bigger than Badmaash Company .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16804678", "title": "BJP men chat with Jaitley over a cuppa", "text": "LUCKNOW: Presidents of around 37 districts and divisions met senior Bharatiya Janata Party leader Arun Jaitley and held informal discussion with him on various issues of state interest over a cup of tea at the party office.The state leaders discussed the tense past, imperfect present and how to make BJP's future perfect in the state with the leader of Opposition in Rajya Sabha.During approximately 90 minutes of discussion, various campaigns and exposes by IAC volunteers and their impact on the masses were discussed. Some leaders were of the view that the way IAC had been going about such campaigns was undemocratic, while others found nothing wrong in such drives.After giving a patient hearing to all, Jaitley said the way IAC was getting space in media, its activities should be watched carefully. He urged party leaders and workers to be aggressive and vigilant on issues of public interest and be visible on such issues on the lines of IAC.Several leaders expressed resentment over induction of sacked Bahujan Samaj Party cabinet minister Babu Singh Kushwaha. Jaitley remained silent on re-entry of former chief minister Kalyan Singh into the party fold despite state leaders expressing their views on his possible return.Interestingly, several leaders were of the view that anti-Congress approach of the party in the state might not affect voters much in the state as compared to taking on parties like Samajwadi Party and Bahujan Samaj Party which have been dominating for the past two decades.The leaders said there was no presence of Congress in UP and the BJP's fight was with SP and BSP. This calls for specific strategy in context of the state, they believed.Agreeing with the state leaders on certain points, Jaitley also talked of special focus on UP and a separate strategy and framework in context of the party in the state.When contacted, state BJP chief Laxmikant Bajpayi said no serious discussion took place as the meeting was informal. The aim was to introduce district leaders with district and division level leaders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16804942", "title": "Over 120 schools fail RTE test", "text": "LUDHIANA: Over 120 schools in and around the city may soon be in trouble. The district education department is contemplating action against these institutes for failing to submit Right to Education (RTE) Form 1 with regard to compliance of provisions of the Act. The schools have reportedly not submitted forms by due date and may face punitive action soon.To begin with, the education department will issue notices to the defaulting schools, seeking an explanation from them. In case the schools fail to give a satisfactory reply, their affiliation may be cancelled, sources in the department said.By October 12, all schools were required to submit RTE forms regarding compliance of provisions under the Act like 25% reservation for students from economically weaker sections. According to sources, as many as 180 schools in 19 blocks of Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan, Ludhiana, submitted these documents.\"Only those schools that have submitted a declaration form under the provisions of RTE Act will be approved for affiliation in the next session. Subsequently, they would be charged Rs 10,000 on daily basis,\" said legal assistant (RTE) Harvinder Singh.Sources said number of defaulting schools could be higher as several have submitted inadequate details in the forms and not categorically mentioned about the compliance. There were also some schools where authorities claimed they submitted all the details in January early this year. \"We submitted the forms in January and in order to avoid the confusion, we again sent the revised declaration form this month. We have no issues in implementing the RTE Act as we believe in abiding by the rules,\" said principal Paramjit Kaur of BCM Arya Model, Shastri Nagar.Officiating head mistress of Ram Lal Bhasin School, Dugri Gurleen Kaur claimed that the school had drawn the modalities for 25% reservation for students from weaker sections and a decision for implementation was being taken by the management. Meanwhile, officials in maintained they had started process of scrutinizing forms and a list of defaulter schools was expected to be released on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "16803851", "title": "Ponda food kiosks back in business", "text": "PONDA: Ponda town's roving eateries are back to business on the streets as the food and drugs administration (FDA) department has allowed them to temporarily operate on certain conditions.Twenty-seven days ago, the kiosks were banned from doing business as they did not have a FDA licence.The FDA conditions include, using disposable plates and cups to serve food items and packaged water to drink.Earlier, in a humanitarian gesture, the PMC issued them a common conditional no objection certificate (NOC) to operate. Based on this and the NOC from a health officer, the FDA has allowed them to operate, FDA food inspector Rajiv Korde told TOI.\"We have allowed the kiosks to operate for time being by ensuring some health measures. However, no kiosk has been issued any licences at present. We are going to conduct an inspection on October 23 to ascertain the maintenance of sanitation by the kiosks' operators and then only would consider them for licences,\" Korde said.The town has about 30 roving kiosks that serve food items such as 'vada-pao', 'bhel-puri', 'ras-omlet' and Chinese fast food.Speaking on conditions of anonymity, a kiosk operator said that the gap of about 27 days has affected their business badly.\"Stopping the business by the FDA has spread a wrong message about the hygienic condition of the kiosks and it has resulted in marginal decline in the number of customers visiting us,\" another kiosk operator revealed on conditions of anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16804714", "title": "Has Mikael Silvetre signed for Mumbai's Dodsal?", "text": "MUMBAI: He's had an impeccable career in Europe as a central defender, but now the 35-year-old Frenchman will ply his trade in Mumbai. Mikael Silvetre, who has played for English clubs Manchester United and Arsenal, Italian giants Inter Milan and German Club Werder Bremen, is excited to be defending for Mumbai's Dodsal Football club in the I-League 2.\"I have had the offer (from Dodsal FC) since the summer and now I have decided to accept it. At the end of October I will sign the contract. Until Christmas, we will stay at our old house (in Manchester), then we will sell it. In January 2013, I will join my new club. I have never been to India, this will be very exciting, a big adventure for me,\" Silvestre was quoted as saying by a German newspaper.Silvestre, who has turned out for France on 40 occasions, was a free agent and was released at the end of last season by Bundesliga side Werder Bremen. He had been looking for a club in England and was also training with Manchester United until he finally made up his mind to join Dodsal.\"Silvestre was to try out for some clubs in the UAE when someone mentioned the chance of playing in India. He warmed up to the prospect of playing in a country he knows little about,\" a source was quoted by the Times of India earlier in September.While Silvestre seems happy to join Dodsal and help the club gain promotion in the I-League, there was no word or a release by the club's board confirming the development.SILVESTRE FILESAge: 35Nationality: FrenchFormer clubs: Arsenal, ManUnited (England), Inter Milan (Italy), Werder Bremen (Germany)International: 40 caps for FrancePlaying position: Defender", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "16804194", "title": "Woman, kids jump in front of train", "text": "BERHAMPUR: A 25-year-old woman along with her two children jumped in front of a running train to commit suicide near Rama Nagar railway crossing in Berhampur on Saturday. While the woman and her eight-month-old daughter died on the spot, her three-year-old son survived with severe injuries.The GRP recovered the bodies from the railway tracks and admitted the surviving child to MKCG Medical College and Hospital. The deceased were yet to be identified as the injured son could not tell about their address, police said. \"We are trying to establish the identity of the woman,\" said a GRP officer. The boy sustained severe injuries on his right leg. He spoke in Telugu and said his name was Madhab. He, however, did not spell out their address, said PP Patra, an activist.In another incident, the GRP recovered the body of a man, near the railway track near Haladiapadar. The deceased was identified as Bala Krushan Sahu, a trolley driver of Antei village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "macau", "code": "16810066", "title": "Two wins in a month, but Bhullar knows it is still a long haul", "text": "MACAU: Gaganjeet Bhullar played junior golf with Rory McIlroy, and the Irishman has now won two Majors and is now the World No. 1.So, Bhullar knows that despite two wins in less than a month, he has a long way to go before reaching his goals.A fourth title win on the Asian Tour put Bhullar next only to the big three of Indian golf - Jyoti Randhawa (8), Arjun Atwal (7) and Jeev Milkha Singh (6) - in terms of the number of titles he has won on the Asian Tour.Sure, the big three have also won on other Tours - Jeev has also won four in Japan and four in Europe - but Bhullar is on his way up.Then again, Bhullar is just 24 as compared to Jeev and Jyoti who are past 40 and Atwal is 39.But Bhullar keeps it all in perspective and knows he has a long way to go before he can catch up with his idol, Jeev Milkha Singh.With his latest win, Bhullar will be knocking on the doors of moving into the top-100 of the world.Excerpts from an interview after Bhullar's win in Venetian Macau Open.1. How does it feel? \"This victory, I can't explain it right now. It's going to take a long time to sink in. Two wins in one month, it means a lot. Everyone works hard. My first wire to wire Asian Tour title. It was difficult in the end.2. It didn't come easy in the end? \"My first hole of the tournament was a bogey. Nobody thought I was going to win the tournament by a margin of two and wire to wire. I was just lucky.\"In the first few days, my putter really helped me and my ball striking. It was one of those weeks when you hit the ball well and you get a good bounce and some good luck. All in all, it was a spectacular week for me.\"I was keeping a track on the leaderboard. It's a personal thing. I don't feel under pressure when I see myself on the leaderboard. Jonathan played really well in the last few holes. I think the putt on 17 was the putt of the tournament and then the birdie on 18 gave me a two-shot victory. It was pretty close in the end. Whole week, I just struck the ball really well. Mentally, I was focused and I was in the zone. I knew I would win it easily.\"I guess the next responsibility of Indian golf is on our shoulders, including Himmat Rai and Anirban Lahiri. We are the future of Indian golf. We have to prove to the people that the next generation is ready to take over. Obviously what Jeev Milkha Singh has done, he has won about 14 international titles (plus some before Asian Tour was formed) and I've only won four. The number is increasing. Jeev is our idol and one day we'll try to catch up.\"3. Some big events coming up, you must be looking forward to them with the form you're in?\"Golf is such a game that we guys are lucky. We play so many weeks and every week, there is a winning opportunity. There is an opportunity to win and show that you have the talent to do it.\"Next few weeks will be important. I'm in the CIMB and HSBC and I'm looking forward to the big events. We also have the Barclays Singapore Open and UBS Hong Kong Open. The events have a lot of bonus and also opportunities to get to the next level as well.\"Obviously, to win these tournaments will be important. With the form that I am right now, I'm feeling really good and let's see what happens.\"I have played junior golf with Rory McIlroy and look at Rory, he's world number one. If you look at that, I'm really slow. There's a lot of golf left. The next few years, I will take my game to the next level. I have thought about the European Tour and PGA Tour.\"Last year, I tried the PGA Tour Qualifying School. But this year, I'm not exempt. It didn't make sense for me to miss the big tournaments in Asia as I would lose my world ranking points. So it's better I play well in these tournaments, gain world ranking points and go straight to the PGA Tour.\"Jeev has set targets for us. I would say we need to work really hard. The two wins, multiple categories right now, winning the Order of Merit would be nice. A lot of big weeks coming up. Singapore, Hong Kong, Johor and next week the Indian Open, a lot of big events. Obviously, it's not that far and a few good weeks can jump my ranking to number one (in Asia Order of Merit).\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16804396", "title": "Monday is Mahalaya", "text": "PATNA: In the wee hours of Monday, the country once again will wake up to the magical voice of Birendra Krishna Bhadra and the enchanting melodious musical composition of Pankaj Mullick in 'Mahisasur Mardini', a landmark audio-drama from Durga Saptashati or Chandi Kavya. For, Monday is Mahalaya - the conclusion of Pitrpaksh and the beginning of 'Devipaksha' and the countdown to Sharadiya Navaratra.The musical infotainment programme containing verses from Durga Saptashati or the Chandi Kavya and Bengali devotional songs, broadcast over All India Radio, Kolkata, and relayed by almost every centre in the country, has become synonymous with Mahalaya.The soulful prayer marks the advent of Durga, the Goddess of supreme power. In fact, these verses are chanted to invoke the 'Mother Goddess' to descend on the earth and destroy the evil. Bhadra, the legendary narrator, who passed away long back, made Mahalaya chants memorable to every household. The prayer begins with........\"Jago tumi jago.......Ma.\"The devotional songs to which renowned playback singers like Hemant Kumar and Arti Mukherjee lent their voices, are immortal and makes the story element more captivating. The theme is mythical which narrates how the trinity of Brahma, Vishnu and Maheswara (Shiva) come together to create a powerful female form with ten arms - Goddess Durga or 'Mahamaya' -- who embodies the primeval source of all power. Mahalaya is also observed as the day of remembrance as many people offer 'tarpan' to their deceased forefathers. The holy rivers become the centre for offering 'tarpan'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16804923", "title": "Orthodox Christian's meet", "text": "KANPUR: Two-day annual conference of Orthodox Christian Youth movement diocese Delhi started at St. Mary's Orthodox Church at Krishna Nagar here on Saturday.Learned persons taught and explained listeners about the Marthoma heritage and social commitment.Chief guest agriculture secretary Ranjan Shukla praised contribution of the Christian community in the field of education, health and development said the missionary schools and hospitals were providing the best education and medical service across the country.The event was also attended by HG Yuhnon Mar Policarpose and HG Yuhonon Mar Dimitrios who inspired people with their thoughts on religious nurturing.The conference will continue on Sunday as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16808844", "title": "'Jab Tak Hai Jaan' shoot for Switzerland postponed!", "text": "Filmmaker Yash Chopra was admitted to hospital on Saturday after being diagnosed with an attack of dengue. He has been kept under observation. A spokesperson from the production said, \"He is feeling much better and should be home soon.\"Chopra was to leave for Switzerland for the last schedule of his last directorial venture Jab Tak Hai Jaan in the coming week. The spokesperson said, \"The shooting that was scheduled for Switzerland later this month has been postponed.''The unit has planned to make the last moment of Chopra on his film set to be grand. A source said, \"The unit wants to make it very special for Yashji and his last shot to be a huge moment for him. Though his son Aditya Chopra who is the assistant director on the film may not be on the set but has worked hard to make the last days of his father's shooting days to be the best of his life.''Yash Chopra started as an assistant to IS Johar and then joined his brother BR Chopra, who was a director-producer at the time. In 1959, he made his directorial debut with Dhool Ka Phool.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16804491", "title": "Unanswered questions put Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation under lens", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Limited might be trying to get an upper hand by pulling up the UP Electricity Regulatory Commission for not declaring the power tariff in time. However, the truth is that the corporation itself has not responded to over half-a-dozen queries of UPERC in the past few months. The queries, importantly, related to issues of public interest, which the corporation has been cleverly evading. Some of the queries are:Electricity Duty: The regulator had two weeks ago demanded an explanation as to why the energy duty, which was recently raised by the state government, is being applied also on the fixed charges, even though it is only meant for energy charges (per unit of power consumption). The corporation is yet to give an answer to this.Audit Report: The commission has been seeking a complete audit report from all distribution companies for the past two years. It is the audit report, which gives a fair idea of the actual revenue recovery vis-a-vis expenditure incurred, including the one on procurement of power equipments. UPERC records show that the report has been sought on nearly half-a-dozen occasions, especially during the regime of Mayawati government. The corporation never responded. The change of regime raised the hope of transparency. The corporation, however, is yet to stand up to the expectation.Quality of equipments: The quality control committee set up by the regulator has been demanding an exhaustive report on the quality of equipments procured by the corporation. The demand has been necessarily about the quality of meters, cables and the transformers procured by the corporation to support the power distribution system. The corporation has been evading the report on the damage rate of transformers until last month when the UPERC eventually decided to issue a notice under section 142 of the Electricity Act. The corporation is yet to provide a report on meters and the quality of cables, which often trip leading to power crisis.Compensation: UPERC has been asking UPPCL to provide compensation to the consumers who are victim of voltage fluctuations, often causing damage to their household goods. However, the corporation is yet to constitute a proper and effective mechanism to ensure that the consumers are compensated on that account.Power supply to VIP areas: Close on the heels of the Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court seeking the power roster of the VIP districts, the commission has also asked the UPPCL to give a report on the number of hours some of the VIP districts receive power supply. The need was felt to decide the tariff structure based on the power supply to different districts. The commission has been expressing its serious concern over the rural areas not receiving adequate power supply with the corporation resorting to undeclared rostering.Effective revenue plan: The UPPCL disclosure that it was running a loss of over Rs 25,000 crore, essentially caused by heavy loans from banks saw UPERC demanding a plan from corporation as to how it would go about managing the debt. The corporation maintained a stoic silence on that.Load Mismatch: A petition filed by the UP Rajya Vidyut Upbhogta Parishad saw the commission seeking a report on the load mismatch between the power infrastructure set-up and the amount of power supplied. The corporation did not respond to the query.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16803700", "title": "Fee on optical fibre cables only after framing rules: BBMP", "text": "BANGALORE: It's a temporary relief for private telecommunication and cable television service providers in the city. For the time being there will be no BBMP 'tax axe' on them, thanks to the high court ruling on Saturday.Disposing of a petition filed by a number of companies, Justice Anand Byrareddy disposed off a petition filed by a number of companies based on the affidavit filed by the BBMP to this effect. The court hassaid the BBMP must give the companies an opportunity to be heard. However, in those instances where there is no response to notice issued by BBMP, the civic body is at liberty to proceed on whichever way it wants to.The petitioner companies had questioned the decision of BBMP to impose a fee of Rs 300 per metre of optical fibre cable (OFC) laid and also to impose Rs 900 per metre (300% of the fee) as penalty wherein the OFCs were laid without obtaining permission.BBMP, which once threatened to cut unauthorized lines, has informed the Karnataka high court through an affidavit that it will collect rent for OFC laid all over the city only after framing requisite rules /bylaws. Earlier, BBMP had asked these firms to provide copies of bills paid by them to the contractors who laid the OFCs, plus the details of IT returns and sales tax remittance details for the past 10 years. Now, BBMP has stated that they will not proceed on the earlier decision until the new rules or bylaws come into force.BBMP had taken these steps following a series of complaints about unauthorized OFCs laid, especially in drainage and sewerage lines.The companies have insisted that the BBMP had no authority to levy fee as they were permitted to operate under the Indian Telegraph Act, 1885, a central legislation as against the provisions of the Karnataka Municipal Corporation Act which is a subordinate legislation. They further claimed that the fee was exorbitant when compared to rent collected in other cities. and was arbitrary as there was no rules to demand any rent for OFC. Their main grievance related to cutting of cables, which they claimed would affect the customers.On June 20, the BBMP had said that only those OFCs laid in drainage, sewerage lines, on the trees, electric poles and upon the roads would be cut and removed .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16804244", "title": "Unrest shadow over rejection of nominees", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Nomination papers of a large number of candidates for student union poll were rejected on different grounds as colleges across the state announced final list of candidates for students' union election on Saturday. The polling is on October 19.There was unrest at the Kamala Nehru Women's College in the city as students sat on a dharna in front of the college following rejection of nomination papers of all candidates except for the post of general secretary. The nomination papers of a presidential candidate was rejected because she was overaged and that of others for shortage of attendance, college sources said.Rosaline Bahinipati has been elected uncontested as president of the students' union.Similarly, tension erupted at Bikram Deb College, Jeypore and Fakir Mohan University, Balasore after the candidature of many was rejected.However, campaigning has gained momentum with the release of final list of candidates. Premier colleges in the twin cities such as BJB Autonomous College, Rama Devi Women's College, Maharshi College of Natural Law, Rajdhani College and Basic Science College and Ravenshaw University, Sailabala Women's College, JKBK College, Christ College in Cuttack have been witnessing hectic campaigning by candidates and their supporters.\"This is the time of the year when student leaders promise lots of improvement and changes in their respective colleges. Whether those promises are fulfilled or not is another matter though,\" said Alaka Das, a student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16803057", "title": "Newborn boy abducted from DDU Hospital", "text": "NEW DELHI: A newborn was kidnapped from inside DDU Hospital in west Delhi on Saturday morning. Police said they suspect an unidentified woman, who is probably in her mid-thirties, as the infant's grandmother saw her lift the baby and rush out of the hospital nursery.The boy was born on October 10 to Nihal Vihar couple Ambika Prasad and Archana at a dispensary in Jwalapuri; but there were post-natal complications, which forced the family to admit both the child and his mother at Guru Govind Hospital on Friday. The hospital referred them to DDU Hospital, where Archana continues to be critical.\"On Friday, the child was at the nursery when this woman \u2014 dressed as a staff nurse \u2014 picked him up around 6.30am. When Archana's mother-in-law, Kailash Devi, objected, the woman told her to fetch some warm water and milk. When Devi returned, the child was gone,\" said a senior police officer.Additional CP (west) V Renganathan said, \"We are trying to find out how a non-staffer dressed as a nurse passed through security checks unhindered.\" Cops have obtained CCTV footage of the nursery, but these have not helped much.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16805081", "title": "G K Vasan distributes cheques to kin of deceased port staff", "text": "CHENNAI: Shipping minister G K Vasan on Saturday distributed cheques to the dependants of deceased employees of Chennai port. A committee recommended payment of compensation totalling 35.73 crore to 685 dependants.Presenting the cheques, Vasan said such awelfare programme is the first of its kind at Chennai port. \"This financial package will help families reduce their hardship. Visakhapatnam port had paid such a compensation ,\" he said.Recently, the ministry of shipping issued an order on Corporate Social Responsibility programme under which ports were asked to spend 1% to 3% of their profits on welfare of port employees and people living in the vicinity of ports. The Chennai Port Trust recently allotted 77 lakh for the modernisation of a school at Tondiarpet. Lok Sabha member T K SElangovan, chairman of Chennai port Atulya Mishra, managing director of Ennore port S Velumani, port trustees and senior officials took part in the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16804327", "title": "Cost display is absurd: Indian Medical Association", "text": "NAGPUR: The Indian Medical Association (IMA) has strongly reacted to the recent proposal of the directorate general of health services suggesting the private hospitals to declare and display the treatment costs of various diseases and most common interventional and surgical procedures. The association has termed the suggestion as absurd and impractical.Speaking to reporters here on Saturday the national IMA president Dr GK Ramchandrappa said that it is just not possible for any doctor to predict the cost of a surgical procedure and other expenses before the doctor actually does the procedure. It is possible to put up the consultation fee. \"First let government do this in its own hospitals and then suggest things as absurd for private sector,\" he said. He was in city to inaugurate the tenth national conference of the IMA Nagpur (NIMACON).Private sector provides health services to almost 80% of the country's population and government sector caters for just remaining 20%. Barring some of the big corporate sector hospitals actually most patients are treated in nursing homes and small hospitals at the cheapest cost compared to all developing Asian countries, said the IMA president.IMA is happy over its success in preventing the presentation of National Commission for Human Resources for Health bill (NCHRH) as well as the withdrawal of the Bachelor of Rural Heath Care (BRHC). IMA chief said that he has always stood by its fraternity and for cause of patients. The NCHRH bill was never presented in the parliament. \"How can a nominated body of just 17 persons regulate the working of all the associations and councils in medical field?\" he asked.Another achievement of IMA has come in the form of Prevention of Violence &amp; Damages or Loss of Property, Act 2010. IMA hinted at welcoming the latest proposal of a B. Sc course in community health for improving the manpower in health care especially in rural areas but opposed it strongly if these persons will be allowed to practice as doctors.The only issue the IMA felt ashamed about doctors it is the decreasing female sex ratio in the country and assured to continue the 'save girl child campaign' and prevent female foeticide through awareness in both doctors and society.The IMA city president and secretary Dr Harish Chandak and Dr Ashish Disawal, the state IMA president and secretary Dr Milind Naik and Dr Jayesh Lele were also present the press meet held on the sideline of NIMACON.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "vadodara/anand", "code": "16804407", "title": "Sardar Patel University to host West Zone inter university basketball tourney", "text": "VADODARA/ANAND: Sardar Patel University (SPU) in education town Vallabh Vidyanagar in Anand district will host West Zone Inter University Basketball (Men) tournament this year. Organized under the aegis of the Association of Indian Universities (AIU), New Delhi, the tournament will kick off on Sunday.\"The West Zone is a constituent division of AIU that comprises universities of five states of India, including Madhya Pradesh , Maharashtra, Goa, Rajasthan and Gujarat. Around 500 students of 44 universities from these five states will be participating in this tournament,\" SPU vice-chancellor professor Harish Padh told TOI.The tournament will be held between October 14 and October 17 at Sardar Patel Maidan in Bakrol. AIU is the result of the idea of bringing together all the universities on a common platform with the view of promoting university activities, especially by the way of sharing information and co-operation in the field of education, culture, sports and allied areas.\"One of its important objectives is to establish and maintain a sports organization for promoting sports among member universities. The basketball (men) tournament is being organized as a part of fulfilling this objective,\" said Padh, adding that SPU is hosting institution for this tournament just as it has done so in the past by hosting the All India Inter University Basketball (Women) Tournament and the West Zone Inter University Basketball (Women) Tournament for 2004-2005.The tournament has been structured on the league-cum-knockout basis. The games would be played during day-and-night sessions. The referees from Gujarat State Basketball Association, Ahmedabad, would be providing their services during this tournament for which members of the organizing committee are working relentlessly.The tournament will be inaugurated in Bakrol at 9 am during a function where managing director of the Gujarat Co-operative Milk Marketing Federation R S Sodhi will be the chief guest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16806569", "title": "I've nothing to hide, have all the facts: Khurshid", "text": "LONDON: Law minister Salman Khurshid has rubbished allegations that he was \"doing politics using the shoulders of the disabled\" saying he has nothing to hide.\"Frankly nothing... nothing to hide. We have all the facts and I know personally, and these are camps... I have personally gone,\" he said here on Saturday.Khurshid will return to the country on Sunday and is expected to clarify on the allegations levelled over the functioning of the Zakir Hussain Memorial Trust.Following a sting operation by a news channel over the functioning of Zakir Hussain Memorial Trust owned by him and his wife Louise, it was alleged that the NGO was involved in cases of financial misappropriation and forgery, a charge denied by the couple.Taking on from this, Arvind Kejriwal demanded that Khurshid be asked to resign from the Union Cabinet and be arrested along with his wife.\"Many of the officials that are being quoted or used to support the case that no camps were held, their picture are rare... And to all, I'll show that picture,\" he said.Hitting out at his detractors, he said, \"While in my own country... third-rate people are doing third-rate things.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16810459", "title": "East Bengal to clash with Delhi XI in exhibition match", "text": "NEW DELHI: Federation Cup champions Kingfisher East Bengal will take on Delhi XI in an exhibition football match as part of the Diamond Jubilee celebration of Vinay Nagar Bengal school on Tuesday.Organised in association with ministry of sports &amp; youth affairs, Sports Authority of India, All India Football Federation ( AIFF) and Delhi Soccer Association (DSA), the match will kick-off at 6.3Opm.Meanwhile, the DSA is holding a camp at DDA Sports Complex, Jasola to select the Delhi XI team. Forty probables are participating in the camp. The school will also honour veteran footballers of 60s and 70s on the occasion.Hon'ble minister of sports &amp; youth affairs, Ajay Maken will be the chief guest, while DSA president Subhash Chopra, MLA will be the guest of honour, a release said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16802286", "title": "Yashwant Sinha cites 1992 precedent to make JPC summon PM, FM in 2G scam", "text": "NEW DELHI: Neither rules nor precedents prevent the Joint Parliamentary Committee (JPC) on telecom from calling either ministers or the PM to tender evidence, and the panel should finalize its list of witnesses at the earliest, BJP leader Yashwant Sinha has said.Responding to JPC chairperson P C Chacko's view that the there is no precedent to summon the PM, Sinha wrote back to say that creating one should not be a problem as was done in 1992 when a JPC \u2014 set up to probe the securities scam \u2014 decided to call ministers.Sinha quoted from Kaul and Shakher, the manual on parliamentary practice, to point out that although ministers are generally not called before a parliamentary committee, in 1992 the Speaker had held that this could be permitted given the \"uncommon nature\" of the case.As the current JPC is also engaged in important deliberations, a similar procedure can be adopted. In the case of the PM, \"there are decisions which the PM has taken which he and he alone can explain,\" Sinha said.\"If pursuit of truth is the objective of this committee...then calling of ministers including the PM to give evidence before the committee seems unavoidable,\" he added.The former finance minister reminded Chacko of PM Manmohan Singh's offer to appear before Parliament's Public Accounts Committee (PAC) when it was looking at the 2G report. While the PM could not appear before the PAC, the PM's offer remains valid for the JPC, he said.\"All that you are required to do is to write to the Speaker and get her approval for adopting this procedure as your predecessors in earlier JPCs have done,\" Sinha said. After the previous meeting of the JPC, Chacko had said he would write to the Speaker seeking her opinion over Left and BJP's demand to call finance minister P Chidambaram.However, this does not satisfy BJP members, who are asking for the presence of the PM as well and have boycotted three JPC meetings. They are insisting that Chacko decide on the witness list. Sinha also accused Chacko of gagging BJP members when they tried to question him on the issue during the September 18 meeting of the JPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16803247", "title": "Central Railway's 15-car services from Tuesday, not Monday", "text": "MUMBAI: Central Railway has postponed the introduction of 15-car services by a day as it is yet to receive the approval from the commissioner of railway safety.Instead of October 15, the 15-car services will start on October 16. \"The CRS wanted to undertake a trial run before granting approval. The trial runs will start from Saturday midnight and the papers will be submitted to the CRS on Monday. We hope to receive the certificate in time to start the services on Tuesday,\" CR general manager Subodh Jain said. Chetan Bakshi is the CRS for Central circle.The new timetable for Main line, which will see 18 new services, will be followed from Monday. The CR will run 16 15-car services, of which four will be in the peak hours. The CST-Kalyan fast locals will halt only at Byculla, Dadar, Kurla, Ghatkopar, Mulund, Thane and Dombivli.\"It will start from 7.33 pm on October 16,\" From October 15 till 7.33pm on October 16, the scheduled 15-car services will be run by 12-car rakes,\"V A Malegaonkar, chief PRO of CR said.CR has decided to allot three additional coach in 15-car services or Ladies second class, Ladies First Class, one coach for First Class general and general second class, besides a section for Handicap commuters has been provide three additional coaches attached to 15- car.Under the new timetable, the total number of services on the Main line will increase from 785 to 803, with the number increasing from 165 to 170 during the peak hours. Fast services will rise from 206 to 233. There will be two new services from Thane to Badlapur and Ambarnath and one from Kurla to Titwala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "16802664", "title": "50 panchas quit hours before Shinde\u2019s J&K; security meet", "text": "SRINAGAR: Dozens of Panchayat members from central Kashmir's Budgam district announced their resignations through advertisements in local newspapers on Saturday.The resignations came hours before Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde presided over a Unified Command meeting in which threats to Panchayat members were among the issues discussed.Scores of Panchayat members have resigned since three of their colleagues were killed last month. But officials maintain that only 50 Panchyats members have officially put in their papers.Sources said the home minister, who is on a three day visit to the state, inquired about measures taken to check infiltration from across the line of control at the meeting.Chief minister Omar Abdullah attended the meeting along with top police, paramilitary and Army officers.Later, Shinde visited Srinagar's central square of Lal Chowk and a restaurant in Raj Bagh along with the CM and top police officers.Sources said the home minister did a bit of shopping as well. \"During his about five-minute halt at a store, he purchased three suits. But did not buy a shawl despite the chief minister's insistence,'' said a shopper.Several shoppers and passer-by assembled around the shop after the word about the home minister's presence spread in the area. Lal Chowk saw huge traffic jams due to the security presence for Shinde's visit.Shinde stopped briefly near Lal Chowk's clock tower and inspected a security bunker there.The home minister's visit to the city's main business district underscored a huge improvement in the security scenario with an all-time drop in militant violence. The historic central square was the hub of street protests in 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "virudhunagar", "code": "16804963", "title": "Minister's rhetoric punctured by villagers in Virudhunagar", "text": "VIRUDHUNAGAR: Angry over power cuts, villagers besieged state information minister in Virudhunagar district on Saturday who was there to explain the achievements of the AIADMK government.The district unit of the AIADMK organised a meeting in Rajapalayam union to explain the welfare schemes of the AIADMK government. Information minister K T Rajendra Balaji was invited to address the gathering.Rajendra Balaji spoke at length about the achievements of the AIADMK government and explained the various schemes including free rice, grinders, mixers, fans and milch animals. But when he got down to leave the venue after the meeting, a group of villagers surrounded him and shot a volley of questions on the power cuts. \"You have claimed that the AIADMK government achieved a lot in one year. But there was not even a mention about power cuts that increased manifold after the AIADMK assumed office. What has the government done to set right the power shortage?'' a villager asked a stumped minister.Even as Rajendra Balaji fumbled to answer, police intervened and made way for the minister to leave the spot. The irate villagers raised slogans condemning the state government for the erratic power supply and dispersed from the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16804625", "title": "two teens meet watery grave in Phalguni river", "text": "MANGALORE: Two teenagers among a group of eight teenagers drowned in the Phalguni river at Bengre on Saturday. Police identified the victims as Hasan Nameer,14, son of Abdul Basheer, and Mohammed Marzoof, 3, son of Amir, both residents of Bengre. Marzoof was an eighth standard student of the Government High School, Bengre, while Nameer was studying in ninth standard in Badriya School, Kandak, in the city.The accident occurred when the boys, enjoying their Dasara holidays, had gone to the river for a swim. Seeing Marzoof and Nameer getting swept away, others called for help. Efforts by police, life guards and locals to rescue them proved futile. Locals said the boys had ventured to a spot which had been dredged recently and hence was deep. The bodies were recovered around 1.30pm and kept at Mohiuddin Jumma Masjid there. Panambur police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16804398", "title": "Gang rape victim's statement recorded", "text": "PATNA: Finally, the statement of alleged gang rape victim, Rashmi (name changed), under Section 164 CrPC was recorded before a magistrate on Friday. Besides, police investigation in the case was transferred to a police team headed by Masaurhi DSP, Saayli, and comprising, among others, Mahila police station SHO Mridula Devi.The team interrogated several people in this connection throughout the day. DSP Saayli said, \"The final medical report of PMCH said that there was no external or internal injury mark on the victim's body. But, we are investigating all other aspects of the case as well.\"Another senior police official said, \"The main challenge in this investigation is the contradictory statements given by Rashmi to the investigation team. We cannot arrest a person on the basis of allegations. A thorough probe is needed to arrest any person.\" The investigation team interrogated the staff of Sharda Sewa Sadan, where Rashmi was allegedly raped. Police sources said, \"The statements of Rashmi and main accused Dr Ramesh Prasad Singh, a former state IMA chief, are quite contradictory. However, we are also trying to recover the MMS clip and obscene images of Rashmi that were allegedly used for blackmailing her by the doctor.\"According to police sources, the victim is unable to recall any of the places she was taken to after her abduction. \"Rashmi's contradictory statements are actually hampering investigations,\" said the police official.Patna SSP Amrit Raj said, \"The victim was missing for 13 days and yet, she cannot give us any details of that period. We need to cross-check many of the details given by her, including the place of occurrence and witnesses.\" The victim said she did not know the names of her tormentors but she could identify them if they were produced before her.Rashmi was found unconscious at Danapur railway station on October 9 and an FIR was lodged later with the Rajiv Nagar police station against three people, alleging that she was raped, blackmailed and abducted by the doctor and his associates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16804329", "title": "'Power from neutrino possible', but not now: Kakodkar with foreign collaboration", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Eminent nuclear scientist Anil Kakodkar said the proposed Neutrino Observatory (INO) project on the Kerala-Tamil Nadu border is an Indian project, carried out in collaboration with the US, Europe and other countries.\"INO is an Indian project, though it will collaborate with the US, Europe and other countries. The muons (an elementary particle with unitary negative electric charge) from atmospheric neutrinos can be harnessed as an energy source for the future, but it would take a long time,\" Kakodkar said. He was in the city to attend a state planning board function.Several scientists involved in the project have been saying that the project involves nowas independent of foreign collaboration. They had even refuted reports that the second phase of the project envisaged a long baseline neutrino experiment of up to 11,000 km, using a neutrino beam from a foreign land, including the US-based Fermi Labs.They had refuted it even as the report of the proposed INO project lays bare that its second phase envisages the long base-line neutrino experiment of up to 11000km using the neutrino beam from a neutrino factory in USA, Europe or Japan.One of the leading scientists involved in the INO project, Scientist Prof Brajesh Choudhary denied that the INO project has any collaboration with US-based Fermilabs. \"INO is an Indian project to study atmospheric neutrinos, I am working as part of another project on neutrinos at Fermilabs,\" said Choudhary who is currently a professor at Delhi University and a former scientist with the US based Fermi Labs. However, his INO project status report cites the collaboration of University of Delhi with Fermi Labs. His report also indicates that INO studies with installation of 50 to 100 kiloton large magnetized iron calorimeter detector will complement the long baseline and reactor experiments in Europe and other countries.Chief spokesperson for the INO project Prof Naba K Mondal said it was a government-funded project without any foreign collaboration during the initial stage. He, however, said scientific collaboration with the US and Europe could be expected at a later stage.Kakodkar said it was tough to predict whether reactor neutrinos could be used to detect the production of fissile materials. Any apprehensions on the contrary was the fear of the unknown, he said. A similar fear had made the US hostile towards nuclear waste management.\"Though the International Atomic Energy Agency has suggested closed fuel cycle as the best way to prevent wastage of spent fuel, such as uranium or plutonium, the US feared that reactors with closed fuel cycle will be utilized for clandestine nuclear arms production,\" he said.In India, spent fuels have been recycled for use in the reactor. At present, 98 per cent of the 30 tonnes of fuel in a 200 MW nuclear reactor has been reprocessed, Kakodkar said. while ruling out the possibility of radiation for over 5000 years even if it's minimalIt is this fear that has prompted the US to be hostile to nuclear waste management. Though International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) suggested closed fuel cycle as the best way to prevent wastage of spent fuel such as uranium or plutonium, the US fears that reactors with closed fuel cycle will be utilised for clandestine nuclear arms production,\" Kakodkar said.On the concerns over reactor neutrinos which could be used for surveillance of nuclear reactors including the proposed Koodankulam reactors to ascertain whether it is into the production of fissile materials, Anil Kakodkar said it would be tough to predict that now and such fears are part of the unknown. \"It is this fear that has prompted the US to be hostile to nuclear waste management. Though International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) suggested closed fuel cycle as the best way to prevent wastage of spent fuel such as uranium or plutonium, the US fears that reactors with closed fuel cycle will be utilised for clandestine nuclear arms production,\" Kakodkar said.\"From day one with the setting up of India's first nuclear reactor at Trombay, spent fuels uranium and plutonium are recycled and goes back to the reactor,\" Kakodkar said. Currently, 98 per cent of the 30 tons of fuel in a 200 MW nuclear reactor is reprocessed which means a wastage of about half a ton or 500 kg per year and in 40 years it would amount to about 20 tons of nuclear waste, he said. However, he has ruled out the effects of radiation for over 5000 years even if it's minimal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16803284", "title": "Centre mulls to amend RTI Act to stop misuse", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after Prime Minister Manmohan Singh expressed concern over frivolous use of the Right to Information Act the Centre is considering either to amend the Act or frame new rules to halt the misuse of the legislation.A senior bureaucrat told TOI on Saturday that the Centre was indeed planning to amend RTI Act. \"After the PM expressed concern over the misuse of the Act, we sought opinion from state governments and activists. We are in favour of complete transparency and accountability in the administration. But at the same time, we are keen that commercial establishments and businessmen should not take refuge of the RTI Act to settle personal scores,\" he said. The bureaucrat pointed out that when Maharashtra passed the legislation, even before the central enactment of the Act, there was a provision under which an applicant had to mention the purpose of him seeking the information. But when the Centre enacted the RTI Act, it removed the provision, making it mandatory for all public information officers to disclose all data sought.\"No doubt in certain cases, the law is misused. But if the purpose is mentioned, it will give the PIOs the option of refusing to divulge routine information. Then, the basic purpose of the legislation will be defeated,\" he said.The PM on Friday told a national convention of information commissioners that on occasions that under the RTI Act, certain information is sought, the disclosure of which did not serve any public purpose.Even as he admitted that the Act is often misused, former chief information commissioner Vijay Kuvalekar feels it will be wrong to amend the law merely on that ground. \"We will have to educate people on the provisions of the law, ensure more transparency in the administration and take strict action against errant people,\" Kuvalekar said.\"If we amend the rules and restrict the number of appeals and applications to individuals, the misuse could be checked to some extent,\" he added.RTI activist Vijay Kumbhar blamed the government for the misuse of the law. \"The Centre is responsible. Under section 4 of RTI Act, it is binding on states and the Centre to disclose basic information on the website. But since the law was enacted in October 2005, no such step has been taken,\" he said, adding the PM must appreciate activists who used the Act for improvement and transparemcy in the administration. \"After we raised basic issues under the RTI Act, there is a marked improvement in the administration,\" he pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "cairo", "code": "16805123", "title": "Zawahiri calls for holy war against US, Israel", "text": "CAIRO: The leader of al-Qaida has urged Muslims to wage holy war against the United States and Israel over a film that insulted Islam's Prophet Muhammad.Ayman al-Zawahri praised as \"honest and zealous\" demonstrators who breached the American embassy in Cairo and attackers who stormed the US \"mission\" in Benghazi in violence linked to the film.The US ambassador and three others died in the September 11 attack on the US consulate in the Libyan city. The film 'Innocence of Muslims' was made by an Egyptian-born US citizen.Like the al-Qaida's Yemeni and North African branches last month, Zawahiri too praised the assault on the US embassy in Libua's Benghazi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "16804513", "title": "Despite shooting fuel prices, vehicle sales go up in Belgaum", "text": "BELGAUM: Skyrocketing petrol and diesel prices have not dampened the sale of vehicles in the city. On the other hand, demand for two-wheelers and cars is shooting up in the city. Year after year, the number of vehicles on the city roads is rising by 20-30 per cent. While the condition of roads remains the same, increasing vehicular movement has been posing a challenge to traffic cops. Instead, the number of vehicles is increasing enormously. Every year the number of vehicles especially two, three and four wheelers is increasing almost more than 20 to 30 percent in Belgaum city.This also resulted in heavy traffic in Belgaum city.According to statistics available with the RTO, in 2008-09 the total number of vehicles registered was 16,340; of this, number of two-wheeler tops the list with 12,886 registration followed by car, three-wheeler and lorries with 1673, 225 and 112 respectively. In 2009-10, the total number of vehicles registered went up by 4,140 vehicles, while it further increased by 5,665 vehicles in 2010-11 and in 2011-12 it went up by 1,766 vehicles. Among the vehicles, two-wheelers top the list; in 2008-09, 12,886 were registered while in 2009-10, 2010-11 and 2011-12 it went up further: 20,480, 26,145 and 27,911 respectively. The number of four wheelers too went up, it was 1,673, 1,913, 2,784 and 2,837 in 2008-09, 2009-10, 2010-11 and 2011-12 respectively. Apart from light vehicles the number of heavy vehicles in recent years has also gone up, the number of lorries registered in 2008-09 were 112; in 2009-10 it was 187 while in 2010-11 and 2011-12 it was 268 and 453 respectively.\"In the recent years the number vehicles coming for registration is increasing. Some even gave us the suggestion to stop registration which is not possible legally. Due to this the number of vehicles on road too increased. The only way to streamline traffic in Belgaum is to widen roads. The corporation authorities should take steps to widen roads at the earliest,\" said Road Transport Officer Hemadri. When this was brought to the notice of Belgaum Corporation Commissioner Priyanka Mary Francis, she said, \"No doubt every day traffic is increasing on city roads. In the days to come we will chalk out plans to widen roads and other possible ways to ease traffic.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16803858", "title": "Rohtak man booked for threatening Gurgaon developer", "text": "GURGAON: A Gurgaon-based developer was allegedly threatened by a Rohtak-based person through phone calls and SMSs. Sushant Lok police lodged an FIR against the Rohtak-based person under the IT Act on Saturday evening.According to police, Kamal Raj Gupta, owner of Satya Developers, Sector 44, alleged that Sarjit Singh, native of Rohtak, threatened to kill him.The complainant told police that Sarjit had booked a property some time back. He had deposited Rs 30 lakh in two instalments for the property. But after some time he had stopped making further payments. \"After a long wait, when we did not get any satisfactory reply from Sarjit, we rejected his booking as per the rules,\" said Gupta.Gupta also stated that since September 17, Sarjit has been abusing and threatening him through calls and SMSs. He also mentioned that he feared Sarjit would harm him.\"We have lodged an FIR against Sarjit under Section 66 of the Information Technology Act,\" said Inspector Gaurav Phogat, SHO, Sushant Lok police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16809651", "title": "Nominations sets the Bigg Boss 6 house on fire", "text": "Dinesh Lal Yadav is announced as the first evictee of Bigg Boss season 6 and all the housemates see him off as he leaves the house. The housemates are seen consoling and hugging each other as they are rather sad and upset about the Bhojpuri star's exit from the house.The housemates are reeling from one shock and Bigg Boss puts them in another predicament as he announces the commencement of the coming week's nominations. All the housemates go inside the confession room and nominate two contestants each with the exception of Navjot Singh Sidhu who refuses to cast in his votes as he feels it is going against his principles. Bigg Bos s warns Sidhu that if he doesn't nominate anybody, he will be forced to punish him. Sidhu accepts his punishment willingly.Introducing a twist in the tale, Bigg Bos s announces Sidhu's punishment - he nominates every housemate in the house for eviction! The minute the announcement is made, all the housemates are shell shocked. A few laugh, but most of them are upset &amp; angry. Sidhu is fine with this harsh punishment. Soon the housemates split up in small groups and start discussing this unforeseen situation. The housemates argue, discuss and eventually fall asleep in a disturbed state of mind.The next morning the arguments, discussions and repercussions of the nominations continue as the housemates discuss whether the punishment meted out is fair on everyone. The housemates take turns and explain their point of view to Sidhu &amp; request him to consider nominating somebody and not make everyone else suffer. Vrijesh &amp; Niketan play the biggest role in convincing Sidhu to nominate two housemates. Here, we see Urvashi and Rajeev get in to an argument as Urvashi blames Rajeev for having a fickle nature - one moment talking highly of Sidhu yet at the same time not respecting his decision to not nominate anyone. Finally, however, Sidhu gives in and nominates two people he wants evicted from the house. In the end, three housemates are nominated for next week's eviction, allowing the other housemates to breathe a sigh of relief. After that, a face off is announced between the nominated three, out of which the winner will be exempted from eviction.The face off keeps the housemates entertained, leaving the most deserving winner excited about being saved from eviction. After many ups and downs, the day ends on a high note as Bigg Boss sends in Karan Johar's gift hamper for the housemates. Sapna Bhavnani is the most excited and literally jumps on Vrijesh and dances all around the house along with the other housemates, happy on receiving 'coffee' from Karan - indeed a big luxury in the Bigg Boss house!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16809505", "title": "Duleep Trophy: Yuvraj Singh makes memorable first-class comeback with century", "text": "HYDERABAD: Yuvraj Singh made a brilliant comeback into first-class arena as he smashed an unbeaten century for North Zone against Central on the first day of a semifinal match in the Duleep Trophy.At stumps, North were in commanding position having scored 346 for 4, riding on Yuvraj's superb unbeaten 133 while skipper Shikhar Dhawan also made his presence felt with an innings of 121.The innings on Sunday will certainly end any doubts whatsoever about Yuvraj's fitness and his ability to withstand the rigours of longer version of the game after recovering from rare germ cell cancer.He played only 152 deliveries during his knock and hit 20 boundaries and two huge sixes off discarded India veteran Murali Kartik .Both sixes were sent soaring over deep mid-wicket and the second one saw the talented left-hander reach three-figure mark. This is Yuvraj's 19th first-class century but certainly one he would remember for a long time to come.There were no demons in the 22-yard strip at the Rajiv Gandhi Stadium in Uppal and Yuvraj didn't for once looked like in any sort of trouble as he kept on punishing the Central bowlers.Credit should also be given to Dhawan who scored his second Duleep Trophy century of the season. His 200-ball innings contained 14 hits to the fence and, more importantly, added 160 runs with his senior partner for the third wicket in just over 20 overs.Such was Yuvraj's dominance that he came to bat only in the 53rd over of the innings which was well after lunch but took on the bowlers from the very beginning.The trio of Praveen Kumar (2-72), Bhuvenshwar Kumar (0-63) and Rituraj Singh (0-67) were treated with equal disdain while Kartik was singled out for special treatment.36-year-old Railways left-arm spinner Kartik, who is not known to perform well on good batting tracks, was hammered for 92 runs in 19 overs as Yuvraj sent him on a leatherhunt.The two towering sixes he hit off Kartik were majestic as the veteran bowler looked clueless during Yuvraj-Dhawan partnership.Yuvraj's innings can give Sandeep Patil and Co another option in the Indian Test team's middle-order. With his handy left-arm spin to complement his elegant batting, the day might not be far when Yuvraj might be seen playing Test matches where he badly wants to make a mark.At least today's innings was an indicator of what can be expected from this enormously gifted cricketer.Brief Score: North Zone 346/4 (Yuvraj Singh batting 133, Shikhar Dhawan 121, Praveen Kumar 2-72) vs Central Zone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16807926", "title": "Two sr officials get show cause notices", "text": "NAGPUR: Municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane issued show cause notices to two senior officials from Mangalwari zone for ignoring illegal construction at Gupta House in Civil Lines.Confirming the development, a senior officer told TOI that as per the original plan, the parking place of the building was to be constructed on the first floor. However, in connivance with Mangalwari zone officials, the builder violated the sanctioned plan.\"Show cause notices were issued to the in-charge of Mangalwari zone and assistant municipal commissioner R P Bhivgade and deputy engineer V W Gabhane,\"\" said the officer, adding \"\"These officials were directed to give a reply for ignoring illegal construction and violation of the sanctioned building plan.\"Sources said that earlier, Civil Lines was part of Mangalwari zone. After introduction of the Prabhag system (a cluster of two wards), the area now falls under the jurisdiction of Dharampeth zone. The civic administration, which started demolishing illegal constructions earlier this week, had also recovered Rs 1.75 lakh from the owner of the building.Similar action will be initiated against the architect of the building as he prepared the plan and allowed unauthorized construction of one floor on the marginal space and on top of a nullah.With the demolition of the unauthorized construction of Gupta House, the municipal commissioner has sent a clear signal that unauthorized construction will not be entertained and officials will not come under any kind of pressure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16808950", "title": "India, Bangladesh to hold home secretary-level talks from tomorrow", "text": "NEW DELHI: Cooperation in combating terror, repatriation of ULFA leader Anup Chetia and early conclusion of an extradition treaty will top the agenda at the two-day India-Bangladesh Home Secretary-level talks in Dhaka from tomorrow.Home Secretary R K Singh will also discuss with his Bangladeshi counterpart Manjur Hussain issues related to infiltration, smuggling of goods and human trafficking, official sources said.During his visit, Singh will also travel to Akhaura located along the border with Tripura before returning to Dhaka for continuing his dialogue with the Bangladeshi delegation.At Akhaura, both the sides will review the work of the construction of a new Land Customs Station (LCS) which is being set up by India.Both the sides will also discuss issues related to smuggling of narcotics, identification of vulnerable illegal crossing spots along the border and progress of confidence building measures between the border guarding forces and civilian authorities of the two countries.A meeting of Joint Working Group at the level of officials was held today to do spadework for the secretary- level talks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16804905", "title": "Antwerp diamond heist: Centre's help sought", "text": "SURAT: Rattled by the diamond heist for the second time in the world's biggest diamond trading centre at Antwerp in two years, diamantaires from Surat and Mumbai want the central government and the Indian Embassy in Brussels to take up the issue of their security in Belgium.The issue would be taken up on their behalf by Gems and Jewellery Export Promotion Council (GJEPC) and Surat Diamond Association (SDA).DTC sightholder companies owned by Gujarati diamantaires have been targeted by mafias in Antwerp in 2010 and on Thursday last. The heist at KARP Impex in 2010 amounted to Rs 50 crore and the recent one at Kiran Gems was of Rs 150 crore. The gang members had held the family members of diamantaires hostage at the gunpoint in both the cases. The diamantaires were asked to bring the polished diamond stock from the safe vaults and their offices.\"We have received a representation from the owners of diamond companies in Surat and Mumbai, who have offices in Antwerp, asking us to urge the Indian government to take up the issue of diamantaires' security with the Belgian government. We plan to meet the officials of the ministries concerned in New Delhi soon to raise this issue,\" said a GJEPC official.The number of people of Indian origin, mainly Gujaratis, in Belgium , is around 14,000. Of them, 5,000 are into diamond trade. Until a few years ago, Jewish traders made up 80% of the business, with Indians accounting for 20%. Now the trend has reversed.Surat Diamond Association president Dinesh Navadia told TOI, \"The Belgian government should ensure safety and security of diamantiares at Antwerp.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16807093", "title": "Dia, Priyanshu: A rare friendship beyond cinema", "text": "There's more between them than a film. Dia Mirza and Priyanshu Chatterjee set foot in tinselville together \u2014 both come from a non-filmi background and made waves with their first films in 2001. What's more, both have a strong Bengal connect. And almost as if to celebrate their 11 years in the industry, both have now come together for a Bengali flick \u2014 Pratim D Gupta's Paanch Adhyay.Talking about their long association, Priyanshu says, \"We did our first film together in 2005 ( Koi Mere Dil Mein Hai ). Thanks to our common background, it didn't take us long to become fast friends. Dia is a lovely person, a great friend \u2014 we hang out together in Mumbai when both of us have the time. So, when Pratim first told me about this film and the fact that Dia is there, I immediately gave my nod. Also, the characters that he has etched out suit us to the T.\"The actor, who has vivid memories of Dia's first film, Rehna Hai Tere Dil Mein , says, \"The way Dia has worked on herself over the years is remarkable. When we started out in 2001, we were like, 'Ore baba, something has hap' no in acting and do not belong to film families. The connect was instant.\"Priyanshu, who speaks to Dia's mother, a Bengali, in fluent Bangla, says his co-actor too has picked up the language over the years. \"After 11 years, Dia and I have come together for a Bengali film, but before the next decade, hopefully, we'll do many more Bangla films.\" And it seems like a mutual admiration club out there. \"Years back, we are together, but we connected big time while shooting for it. Paanch Adhyay wouldn't have been half the experience had it not been for Priyanshu. He is a selfless actor. Since this is my first Bangla film, I wanted to be thoroughly prepared before going for my shoot. That meant Priyanshu staying back every evening and rehearsing the lines with me,\" says Dia.Pratim, who has brought the two together for his film, says, \"Threefour years back, when I finished writing the film's synopsis, I had sent it to Dia, who immediately wrote back on chat saying, 'This is something Gulzarsaab would write'. I told her that once I get a financier, I'll cast her. She came on board last year. About Priyanshu, I couldn't think of any other Bengali actor who could've fit in the two age groups that the film demands.\"Kaustuv Ray, who is producing the film, is also excited about the venture, \"Dia and Priyanshu share a great camaraderie and that comes through in this film. Hope the audience appreciates our efforts.\"Produced by RP Techvision Pvt Ltd, Paanch Adhyay releases on October 19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16803151", "title": "Police don't know law of land: Women panel", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Not only Haryana's politicians but the police also have come to the conclusion that rape cases in the state could be \"consensual sex\" even if the girl is a minor.According to the status report sent by Bhiwani SP to the state DGP, the scientific evidence collected during probe has been sent to the forensic science laboratory, Madhuban, for chemical analysis.Criticizing the police for expressing views like \"consensual intercourse\", chairperson of National Women's Commission Mamata Sharma said, \"Rape is a rape, even if it is consensual or anything else. If the girl has given consent unwillingly, then it is a case of rape. If police have expressed such views, then it is very wrong. It seems that they (cops) don't want to investigate the case properly.\"According to Chandigarh's noted criminal lawyer A S Sukhija, \"Minors cannot give consent in the eyes of law and in such matters consent has no relevance, it amounts to rape.\"In the case of Naresh vs State of Haryana (1997), Punjab and Haryana high court had held, \"When the victim is a minor, the question of her being a consenting party to the sexual intercourse does not arise or is of no consequence\". Haryana cops seem to be ignorant about the law of the land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "16803736", "title": "Couple held for employing minor", "text": "CALANGUTE: A couple was arrested recently by the Calangute police for employing a minor girl as a maid servant against the provisions of the Goa Childrens Act. The rescued victim has been sent to Apna Ghar.An offence was registered following a complaint by chairperson of the state commission for the protection of child rights in Goa. According to the complaint, a couple Ganesh and Saku Powar, residing at Baga, had brought a minor girl aged 12 years from Gadag, Karnataka, and had employed her as a maid servant for household work from July to October at a monthly salary of 2,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16803248", "title": "34 district officials accuse Khurshid trust of forging their signatures", "text": "LUCKNOW: As many as 34 district-level officials in 13 of the 17 districts where the Zakir Hussain Memorial Trust, run by Union law minister Salman Khurshid and his wife, is functional have reported that their signatures had been forged, a preliminary inquiry by the Uttar Pradesh government has found.The trust has been in the news following revelations that it might have misappropriated or failed to account for 71 lakh and 68 lakh disbursed to it in two tranches in 2009-10 and 2011. Khurshid's wife Louise has denied any wrong-doing in the trust's functioning.In the course of the UP government's inquiry, the officials testified that their signatures had been forged. They also said no disabled welfare camps - the purported mandate of the trust - were held nor were any aids for challenged persons distributed.Sources in the chief minister's office said although Louise, who is project director of the trust, met Akhilesh Yadav on September 17 to seek a recommendation letter from the state government for release of additional funds for 2012-13, the request is on hold as fund usage in the previous years is now under the Economic Offences Wing's (EOW) investigation.Taking cognizance of reports of the irregularities, the chief minister ordered an EOW investigation in early July. So far, no case of forgery has been lodged by the EOW as the probe is still on. turns from hereThe probe's findings can only increase pressure on Khurshid with India Against Corruption (IAC) campaigner Arvind Kejriwal already taken to streets. After leading a protest of differently-abled persons, Kejriwal was back on Parliament Street on Saturday, demanding Khurshid's resignation.Terming as \"baseless innuendos\" allegations of \"money bungling\" by her Trust, Louise attacked Kerjriwal, accusing him of \"doing politics using the shoulders of the disabled\".After Yadav ordered the probe, EOW has been actively pursuing the case with its personnel speaking to officials in the 17 districts where the Trust is alleged to have been functioning.EOW director-general Suvrat Tripathi told TOI, \"An inquiry into the matter is being conducted at present. It is too early to say, however, whether the allegations of fund misuse are correct.\" The CM has sought an investigation of the Trust's activities in 2009-10.As TOI reported on Saturday, the scope of the alleged scam seems to be spreading as the Union social justice and empowerment ministry released Rs 68 lakh to the trust in March, 2011, on the basis of a forged letter issued in the name of a UP government bureaucrat who had already retired from service at that point in time.The Trust is operating in 17 districts of Etah, Etawah, Mainpuri, Bhadoi, Bulandshahr, Kanshiram Nagar, Shahjahanpur, Allahabad, Farukkhabad, Kannauj, Gautam Budh Nagar, Moradabad, Rampur, Bareilly, Siddharth Nagar, Meerut and Aligarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16810348", "title": "College principal threatens to immolate self", "text": "KANPUR: A college principal, while addressing a seminar chaired by Union minister Sriprakash Jaiswal, today claimed that she would immolate herself if an action was not taken against a private nursing home where her mother died due to alleged negligence of medical staff.Meeta Jamal, principal of the DG Girls college here, while delivering vote of thanks from the dais, threatened to kill herself if she would not get justice from district authorities.She said that her 78-year-old mother died on September 28 in a private nursing home due to the alleged negligence by doctors and medical staff.Despite repeated requests made to the state government and district authorities, no action has been taken so far, Jamal said.Jaiswal, however, refused to comment on the issue. On being asked about the charges levelled by IAC activist Arvind Kejriwal against Union law minister Salman Khurshid, he said that the Congress leader has returned to the country and would reply himself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16804537", "title": "Government apathy puts haemophiliacs\u2019 lives to peril", "text": "LUCKNOW: Exactly a month ago, health officials claimed that grant meant for procurement of haemophilia factors had been sanctioned. TOI found the claim right and details to this effect noted in a government file. But, grants convert into funds only when financial authorisation is given to officials at the health and family welfare directorate. The said authorisation paper work is far from complete till date. The grant should have reached in April.Is relief to haemophiliacs caught in the red tape? \"The answer is yes,\" said Tanveer Ahmed, whose son has the rare genetic disease. \"No one can understand better what helplessness means than our family. We see our child writhing in pain because of wounds that bleed all the time. We know factors can save him this pain, but they are exorbitant, far beyond what we can afford,\" he added.This happens despite a high court order in response to a public interest litigation that sought availability of life saving factors for haemophilia patients. Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court had stated categorically that it was the duty of government to provide all facilities to haemophilia patients. The PIL was filed by the Haemophilia Society. On the directions of the court, a committee said the factors would be provided through state medical colleges, Sanjay Gandhi post graduate institute of medical sciences and King George's medical university.But since medical colleges and institutions are governed by state medical education department while the procurement of medicines primarily involves health and family welfare department, confusion over onus and responsibility is an annual feature.\"This procedural gap is taking toll of haemophilia patients. The government must eliminate this gap in patient interest,\" said the president of the association, Vinay Manchanda. When asked to comment, principal secretary health JP Sharma has assured immediate action.\"I will look into the matter personally and do the needful as soon as possible,\" he said. Haemophilia is a genetic disease in which blood does not clot.Excessive loss of blood adversely affects functions and triggers complications as a person grows. Statistics show that haemophilia affects one in 10,000 persons in the world. It is estimated that there are close to 1 lakh haemophilia-A patients, while at least 50,000 persons are living with severe haemophilia.Of these, less than 15 per cent have been diagnosed. Only 12,500 people with haemophilia receive treatment says the Haemophilia Federation of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16804974", "title": "Whiptail lizard crashes bus, one killed in accident", "text": "TRICHY: A person was crushed to death as a bus went out of control all of a sudden when the driver was confronted by a reptile slithering under his seat, here on Saturday. The incident took place near Keeranur on the Pudukottai-Trichy road. The driver jumped out of his seat before running to safety, soon after crashing the bus into the Illayavayal bus stand.The state transport bus was plying from Pudukkottai to Keeranur. The conductor was busying punching tickets when some passengers raised alarms fearing the presence of a snakeat Illayavayal panchayat bus stop. Some of the passengers were also seen hanging from the overhead rod as they lifted their heels off the ground by reflex. There was total chaos within the bus. as there were still others who jumped onto the available space on the seats, overcrowding the bus.Meanwhile, the bus driver looked to see what happened when he found the monster slithering under his seat. The driver lowered his head to see the movement of \"a live something\" when the bus was speeding, and in the process he lost control. The bus swerved left and right and in the ensuing melee, a passenger who was waiting at the Illayavayal bus stand got entangled into the rear wheel of the bus and was crushed to death. The deceased was identified as K Rengasamy, 27, a textile vendor. He is survived by wife and a child.After crashing the bus at Illayavayal bus stand, the driver jumped out of the bus and ran to safety. He was not traceable immediately.It later transpired that the \"snake\" was only a whiptail lizard. whose mere presence in the bus cost a life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16802732", "title": "Govt mulls changes in RTI Act to halt \u2018misuse\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The Centre is considering either amending the Right to Information Act or framing new rules to halt its misuse. It comes after Prime Minister Manmohan Singh expressed concern over its misuse on Friday.\"Following the PM concerns about its misuse, we have sought opinion from state governments and activists,\" a senior bureaucrat told TOI on Saturday. \"We are in favour of complete transparency and accountability in the administration. But at the same time, we are keen that commercial establishments and businessmen should not take use RTI to settle personal scores.\"The bureaucrat pointed out that when Maharashtra passed the legislation, even before the central enactment of the Act, there was a provision under which an applicant had to mention the purpose of seeking the information. But when the Centre enacted the RTI Act, it removed the provision, making it mandatory for all public information officers to disclose all information sought.\"No doubt in certain cases, the law is misused. But at the same time, if the purpose is mentioned, it will give the PIOs the option of refusing to divulge routine information. In that event, the basic purpose of the legislation will be defeated,\" he said.The PM on Friday told a national convention of information commissioners that disclosure of information under RTI does not serve any public purpose on occasions.Former chief information commissioner Vijay Kuvalekar admitted that the Act is often misused but opposed amendments. \"We will have to educate people on the provisions of the law, ensure more transparency in the administration and take stringent action against errant people,\" Kuvalekar said. \"If we amend the rules and restrict the number of appeals and applications to individuals, the misuse might be stopped to some extent.\"RTI activist Vijay Kumbhar blamed the government for RTI's misuse. \"The centre alone is responsible. According to the RTI Act, under section 4, it is binding on the state government as well as the Centre to disclose basic information on the website. But ever since the law was enacted in October 2005, no such step has been taken,\" Kumbhar said.He added that the PM must appreciate RTI activists, who had used the Act for the improvement and transparency in administration. \"After we raised basic issues under the RTI Act, there is a marked improvement in the administration.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16808479", "title": "Khurshid counters allegations, shows pictures of camps held by his NGO", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union law minister Salman Khurshid produced pictures on Sunday to show that camps were held by Zakir Hussain Memorial Trust to distribute equipment to the disabled demolishing the charge that his trust did not hold any camps.Addressing a press conference in Delhi on Sunday, the law minister tried to make point-by-point rebuttals of the charges levelled against his trust.He said that the camps were held in several districts of Uttar Pradesh and produced pictures and witnesses to prove it.According to a television channel report, the Union social welfare and empowerment ministry had granted Rs 71.5 lakh to the Khurshids' NGO for distributing tricycles and hearing aids to the disabled in 17 districts of Uttar Pradesh. While Salman Khurshid is the president of the trust, his wife is the project director. The TV report had claimed that the camps were not held and equipment were not distributed.The law minister claimed a 'reverse sting' on the channel and said that its reporters had offered inducements to some beneficiaries to claim that they had not received any equipment from the trust.To prove his point, Khurshid produced one of the beneficiaries Rangy Mistry, who was shown on TV as not having received hearing aid from the trust.The beneficiary told the reporters that he had got a hearing aid two years back but agreed to say on TV that he had not got one as he thought the channel people will give him a new one.There was heated exchange during the press conference as the reporters who carried out the sting countered the minister.Khurshid claimed that no money provided by the Centre had been misused.Salman showed a utilization letter mentioning Rs 71.5 lakh and produced audited accounts with appliance details for the disabled.Khurshid showed a picture dated July 17, 2010 to show that UP government official JB Singh was present in one of the camps held by the his trust.It has been alleged that the signature of JB Singh was forged in an affidavit saying the NGO has done good work.He sought an independent probe into the allegations of forged letters and the false affidavits that were in question. The law minister said since the letters were issued by the UP government only an investigation will prove the charges.Making an indirect reference to Arvind Kejriwal, Khurshid said that he will not respond to allegations raised by him as he was targeting his party.The allegations are against a trust which I head and not against my party, he said.\"I don't need to respond to questions raised on the streets,\" Khurshid said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16804346", "title": "TA bills of foresters, forest guards pending since 2005", "text": "NAGPUR: Forest department employees under the banner of Maharashtra Rajya Vanrakshak and Padonnat Vanpal Sangathna (MRVPVS) submitted a memorandum to the deputy conservator of forests, Nagpur division PK Mahajan alleging that foresters and forest guards had not been given their TA bills since 2005.\"Our demand is that even our TA bills be cleared within six months,\" said KJ Bansod, Nagpur unit president of the organization. The memorandum contains a list of demands which according to MRVPVS are being ignored by the department for long. \"The then RFO of Parseoni TC Biswas, who was recently promoted, has harassed 23 employees by cutting their salaries. Many times he had not even allowed the daily wage to these employees. LN Peepdewar died because of the torture,\" Bansod alleged.\"Daily wage workers do not need to undergo medical check up and the report from the board takes at least three months to come. Thus depriving the vanmajoors of work,\" he added.President of the organization Ajay Patil also discussed the issue related to forest guard GS Kirpane being denied promotional benefits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16803457", "title": "Manpower problems shut down special unit set up earlier this year", "text": "MUMBAI: Earlier this year, Mumbai police transferred a few cases related to unauthorised construction to a specially created unit under the Economic Offences Wing (EOW). But a shortage of manpower and absence of technical know-how doomed the experiment to failure.A source stated that chief minister Prithviraj Chavan was keen on a dedicated cell to end malpractices in MRTP-related cases. Then Mumbai police commissioner, Arup Patnaik, had set up the special unit following a discussion with Chavan. Patnaik also directed police stations not to entertain MRTP-related cases from the BMC or private complainants and to transfer them to the unit.\"The unit was setup under the EOW, with experienced and dedicated officers to check malpractices in cases related to the MRTP Act. A senior officer was appointed in charge, but in the absence of required manpower the unit was rendered inactive,\" said a senior police officer.However, a major difference between the special unit set up by Patnaik and the proposed cell is that the latter's salary will be paid by local municipal corporations. Moreover, there will be better coordination between civic bodies and the cell to enable them to deal with encroachments and unauthorised construction, said a senior officer.The cop said the existing system has greater scope for corruption, pointing out that the BMC often requests the police to close cases of criminal negligence under MRTP the civic body itself has filed, without providing any valid reasons. Moreover, in some cases the BMC regularises illegal constructions after imposing fines.He said when MRTP-related cases come to the police, investigations are hampered by the fact that local police stations and at times even senior officers, lack the essential technical knowledge. Besides, there were also allegations that police often dragged their feet on certain cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16802972", "title": "Who\u2019s that girl? Transsexual in passport pickle", "text": "KOCHI: The first time Aashiq Koshy went to Bangkok for a sex change operation, he was clearly Jaya Elizebeth Ninan. After the third surgery, though, he returned to his native town of Tiruvalla in Pathanamthitta district of Kerala more Aashiq than Jaya. And that's when the trouble began.By now the 25-year-old, who was always uncomfortable in the female body he had inherited at birth, had almost transformed into a man. The dream he had five years ago to reverse what he saw as an anomaly had been admirably turned into reality by the Yanhee Hospital at Bangkok. But his passport still had the photo of a woman staring from it.How would he get past emigration and the security counters with his freshly-sprouted moustache for the last of the four procedures he had to undergo for the gender alteration to be complete? No one would be convinced that he was the she in the government documents.As a desperate Aashiq looked for a solution, he soon realized that he'd hit a legal wall. To go from one gender to another in official records -- passport, driving licence, birth certificate -- he needed to first publish a notification in the government gazette. But when he forwarded his application for this, it was summarily rejected. He was told changing name, caste or religion was permitted by law. There was, however, no such provision when it came to gender.Aashiq then petitioned the Kerala high court, which in turn asked a medical board to examine him and file a 'gender status' report. Those doing the test - which included P Thankaraj, a surgeon and neurologist at Trivandrum Medical College, and MS Thankom, gynaecologist at Women and Children's Hospital, Thycaud -- promptly concluded that the reassignment surgery had been successful and Aashiq could never go back to being a woman.The high court is scheduled to hear Aashiq's petition again the coming week. He's hopeful they will see him as the man he really is.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16804548", "title": "Works on Gadag-Haveri route to begin soon", "text": "HUBLI: Union minister of state for railways KH Muniyappa said that foundation stone will be laid for works on the five important railway routes including Gadag to Haveri in the state within three months. Speaking after participating at the inauguration function of the new railway station building here on Saturday, Muniyappa stated that Avengers to Tumakur, Whitefield to Kolar, Kudachi to Bagalkot, Rayadurga to Raichur are the four other four routes for which foundation stone will be laid.Hubli-Ankola and Talaguppa- Honnavar and Banaglore-Satyamangala route plans are awaiting environment and forest department clearance. . \"Already we have taken up railway route construction between Gulbarga-Humnabad and Bidar and works have been completed till Humnabad and after completion of the route, passengers can easily go to Delhi from Hubli via Bidar, Nanded and Itrasi,\" he said. For the development of railway stations in the country, we have started Station Development Corporation and the Belgium government has come forward to fund the project,\" the minister said. \"Already we have included around 1,500km of the state in the railway route in the last five years and Samparkakranti train will run everyday through Hubli after Deepavali,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16803061", "title": "Man bashed wife to death, to spend rest of his life in jail", "text": "NEW DELHI: Stating that the offence fell in the category of \"rarest case\", a trial court sentenced a man to jail for the rest of his life for beating his wife to death.Holding Manoj (39) guilty under Section 302 (murder) of the Indian Penal Code, the court made it clear that the convict would not be entitled for any remission. \"The convict is sentenced to rigorous imprisonment for life \u2014 till the rest of his life with the directions that he shall not be considered for any remissions,\" additional sessions judge Kamini Lau said.The court also held Manoj's mother, brother, and sister-in-law guilty of harassing the victim, Anita, and sentenced them to three years of imprisonment. Anita was a nurse in Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital in the capital.Observing that wife-beating is the worst kind of domestic violence inflicted on a woman and no civilized society can tolerate it, the court also imposed a fine of Rs 1.25 lakh on Manoj, while a fine of Rs 25,000 each was imposed on his three family members.Manoj, his mother Angoori Devi, brother Vinod and sister-in-law Shalu were under moral and legal obligation to provide emotional, psychological and financial security to Anita. But she was subjected to domestic violence and financially exploited by usurping her salary, the court said. \"...Instead of providing Anita immediate medical attention and first aid by rushing her to the nearest hospital, Manoj chose to take her to RML Hospital which is more than 45 minutes away from the house, thereby ensuring her death,\" the court said.The victim had married Nangloi resident Manoj in 2001 after the death of her first husband. On April 28, 2007, the victim was brought to RML Hospital by Manoj with injures all over her body and was declared brought dead.The victim's colleagues testified as witnesses and told the court that they had often seen bruises on Anita's body which indicated that she was frequently subjected to violence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "sonepat (haryana)", "code": "16802566", "title": "Haryana saw 60 rape cases a month in 2011", "text": "SONEPAT (Haryana): They were meeting to discuss how to calibrate their demand for reservations in government jobs. But the 100-odd old men, all clad in white, some turbaned, gathered in a dharamshala 40 kms from Delhi, as part of Sarv Jat Khap Panchayat, a community body of Haryana's Jats, spent the bulk of their time debating whether girls should be married young \u2014 well below the officially permissible age of 18.Nineteen rapes in the last one month in Haryana forced a change in the agenda of the khap meeting. The rapes drew a flurry of responses: Congress President Sonia Gandhi visited a victim, Khap panchayat leader Sube Singh suggested lowering of marriageable age of girls to prevent rape which was endorsed by former chief minister and INLD leader Om Prakash Chautala. He claimed this was done during Mughal rule to save the honour of women.But a look at National Crime Records Bureau data shows that if a rise in violence against women constitutes a return to the dark age, Haryana has not abruptly slipped into it \u2014 it was always there.Last year, 725 women were raped in the state \u2014 an average of 60 women per month. This means the reported figure of 19 rapes over the last month is most likely inadequate. Since 2006, 50 women have been raped every month, barring 2007 when the number came down to 40. Over the last two years, the average has risen to 60 victims per month. Whether or not the media and politicians take note, violence against women is persistent and unrelenting - and not just in the state of Haryana.In fact, a comparative analysis shows some of Haryana's neighbouring states fare worse. While Haryana has a rape incidence of 6.11, which means 6 rape victims per 1 lakh women, Madhya Pradesh has an incidence of 9.7, and Delhi 7.06. Rajasthan, Punjab and Uttar Pradesh have lower incidence: 3.61, 5.32, 2.41 per lakh women. Ranked for the incidence of rape, Haryana is tenth, Madhya Pradesh is fourth and Delhi seventh.The states with the highest incidence of rape are Mizoram, Tripura and Assam. But the higher incidence could be a reflection of better reporting of cases of violence. The more patriarchal society, the greater the social stigma, and the lesser chance that a woman would report rape.For instance, the 16 year-old Dalit girl gangraped in Hisar didn't confide in her parents for ten days. And when she did, her father committed suicide. This case was the first to be reported widely, and the outrage that followed, said local reporters, alerted them to every instance of rape, even those they would otherwise overlook.Although there are no figures available that suggest this, the media glare has led most people to believe there has been an exceptional spike in cases of rape in Haryana. \"Never before has so many rapes happened. If they had, there would have been hungama,\" said Dr Santosh Dahiya, a college professor who is president of the women's cell of Khap panchayats in Haryana and was the only woman who spoke at the Khap meeting on Friday, arguing against lowering the marriage age.Another speaker, Baljeet Singh Malik, appeared to take a similar view. \"A rapist has no age. He could be 60-years-old or 30-years-old. His victim could be a girl of three, 10 years, or a woman of 60 years. Lowering the marriage age would not bring down instances of rape,\" he said, in a calm, assured voice, before hastening to add, \"But I still suggest we ask for a concession (in the Hindu Marriage Act). Since a girl's biological development is complete by the age of 12-13, if her parents wish to marry her, they should be allowed to do so.\"Two hours later, the meeting remained inconclusive. But the idea had not been dropped. The Jat leaders told the media they needed to consult people from other communities. \"We would call a Sarv Jaat (all caste) meeting very soon,\" said Kuldeep Singh Danda, the secretary of the Khap panchayat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16804467", "title": "Engineering student killed in road accident", "text": "VARANASI: A 22-year-old engineering student was killed in a road accident near Kishanpur area under Deogaon police station in Azamgarh district on Saturday morning.According to reports, Shahbaz Ansari, a native of Friends Colony under Cantonment police station and nephew of former Samajwadi Party MLA Abdul Samad Ansari, was headed to Azamgarh with his father in his SUV. The driver was in the rear seat while Shahbaz was at the wheel.While passing through Kishanpur, Shahbaz lost control over the vehicle while trying to save a motorcycle rider and dashed into a roadside tree.Seriously injured, he was rushed to a private hospital in Varanasi where the doctors declared him brought dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "barnala", "code": "16808298", "title": "Bhushan selected man of tournament", "text": "BARNALA: The pair of Bhushan Kumar and Pushp Bansal trounced the pair of Rinku and Raju to won the doubles event of Barnala Club Badminton championship.Rinku and Bharti won the lucky doubles event of the two day tournament that concluded on Sunday by defeating the pair of Jimmy and Deepa. Due to his splendid performance, Bhushan was selected as man of the tournament whereas Bharti was selected as man of tournament from among lucky double pairs. Makhan Sharma, former president Municipal council and colonizer Piara Lal gave away the prizes.Gopal Pinta, Varinder Happy, Jeewan Goyal, Jatinder Manav and many others played a significant role to make the Badminton tournament a success. Hanish Kumar of Black Panther brand of clothing sponsored the prizes", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "shanghai", "code": "16809457", "title": "Paes, Stepanek to stick together in 2013", "text": "SHANGHAI: Australian Open champion Leander Paes of India and Czech Radek Stepanek will partner once again in the 2013 season.Paes, 39, and Stepanek, 34, who won the Shanghai Rolex Masters 1000 on Sunday, beating the all-Indian pairing of Mahesh Bhupathi and Rohan Bopanna 6-7 (7-9), 6-3, 10-5 in the final, said they hadn't firmed up their plans for 2013, but were focusing on the Grand Slams.\"I look forward to playing next year with Radek,\" Paes said, \"We haven't discussed the exact number of weeks. For me it's fun to focus on the Grand Slams. It's fun to focus on the Masters Series events. For me it's also fun to focus on my partner's singles. Radek is a world class singles player as we saw this week already.\"Paes added, \"I gave up my singles for doubles. I think Radek can play doubles for many years. He's already a Grand Slam champion. He's already in the top 10 in the world. After today, I'm trying to push him into the top-five. Next year, we're going to focus on the Grand Slams, we're going to focus on the Masters Series, and we're going to focus on Radek's singles. For me it's important that we do things right.\"Paes finished by saying, \"This year we've still got one more week to go ( ATP World Tour Final). Now we have a bit of a breather. Radek goes back for singles.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16810555", "title": "KSRTC offers Dasara special tour package", "text": "MYSORE: Those who have not seen tourist and religious places in and around Mysore, here is an opportunity. KSRTC rural divisional authorities, as part of Dasara celebrations, are offering special tour packages at subsidized rates for two weeks from October 16.KSRTC divisional controller (rural) T R Naveen said they are conducting three special tours - Giridarshini, Jaladarshini and Devadarshini for public under which they will be taken to hilly region, waterfall, religious place and other tourist spots in four districts Mysore, Chamarajanagar, Kodagu and Mandya.The one-day package tour will facilitate visitors to visit several places at subsidized cost. Interested may utilize the offer. For reservation contact: 7760990822 or visit suburban bus stand Avatar reservation counter.Package tour details:Giridarshini : Bandipura, Gopalswamy Hills, Biligiri Ranga Hills and Chamundi Hills.Fare: Adults (Rs 315); children (Rs 160)Jaladarshini: Golden temple; Dubare forest; Nisargadhama; Abbey falls; Rajaseat: Harangi dam and KRS. Fare: Adults (Rs 335); children (Rs 170)Devadarshini: Nanjangud; Talkad; Bluff; Mudukuthore; Somanathapura and Sirangapatna. Fare: Adults (Rs 225); Children (Rs 115)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16803403", "title": "Jamai Raja calls the shots, at home and across India", "text": "MUMBAI: We have always had a 'Father of the nation' and have revered various Mother Indias, ranging from cows to First Ladies. Now, the latest epic icon is the Desh ka Damaad, the National Son-in-Law. Forget politics. The son-in-law has long held VIP status inside the Great Indian Family, an entity that can beat the Congress party when it comes to politicking, feudal behaviour, subterfuge and negotiation.Given the intertwined interdependence within patriarchal Indian families, Jamai Babu is viewed with eternal gratitude and treated with respect largely because he takes over the burden of the daughter. The exaggerated reverence towards the son-in-law is a uniformly national syndrome, but is heightened among north Indians.As a young Punjabi home-maker says, \"When my husband goes to my mother's house, the prawns are taken out of the freezer. It's treated as a special occasion. Even when we all go out to a restaurant, my mother will say to him, 'Beta, order one more non-vegetarian dish, na?'\"While that does sound very sweet, the relationship with the son-in-law is often not based on his personal dynamics but is more a way of ensuring that the daughter is looked after.While the lucky few get away with mere crustacean offerings, many are expected to dish out cars, apartments and an endless stream of goodies that may or may not be described in as downmarket a term as dowry. A young businessman smugly says, \"Since I'm a smoker, I got the old heirloom lighters which made my wife's brother quite jealous.\"The son-in-law syndrome is more about the inequality between men and women, says anthropologist Shiv Vishwanathan. \"It's only by pampering the son-in-law that you can protect the daughter. It is a part of Indian patriarchy. The son-in-law is revered as much as the daughter-in-law is harassed,\" he says. \"It's just awful. He can demand anything and get away with it.\"This stems from the whole idea of a woman as property \"as something that needs to be looked after and maintained\", says author and social commentator Santosh Desai. But these days, with more women having wealth of their own-and thereby a mind of their own-you see a different syndrome. Desai calls them prop sons-in-law. \"You will find these highly educated city boys who will get installed in the house. He looks the part, he behaves the part, he almost becomes the trophy son-in-law, the adored and adoring ghar jamai who plays his part well.\"But traditionally, in powerful families, the son-in-law is never allowed to either inherit the business or political power. He is allowed to become powerful only on the sidelines via benefits or by simply throwing his weight around and indulging his sense of entitlement.In fact, he ends up like the Robert in Hindi cinema, who was always part-comedian, part-villain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16807800", "title": "Good night\u2019s sleep key to beat tough problems", "text": "A good night's sleep may be beneficial for a person who is facing difficulty dealing with tough questions, a new research has suggested.Experts at Lancaster University have said that if people are struggling for an answer, the best thing is to go to bed and get a decent amount of rest, the Daily Express reported.The study tested whether sleep or time spent awake worked best in finding answers to a range of tasks.Participants attempted easy and difficult verbal problems and, after 12 or 24 hours including sleep, or 12 hours awake, returned to the questions that were unsolved as well as some new problems.The study found that the sleeping group solved more previously unsolved difficult problems than the group that had stayed awake.The study is published in the journal Memory and Cognition .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16810157", "title": "Body inside bag at CST: Second accused arrested", "text": "MUMBAI: A teenager, who assisted a painter in allegedly murdering his 27-year-old partner and dumping her body in a suitcase at CST railway station on September 26, has been arrested, police said today.The victim's quarrel with her live-in partner (the prime accused) over his \"illicit relationship\" with a minor girl living in neighbourhood led to her murder, railway police claimed.Amol Karanjule (19) was arrested last evening after prime accused Pravin Thackeray (29) was nabbed from Pune earlier in the day.Pravin was in a relationship with the deceased, identified as Roshni (27), since 2002.Yesterday morning, Pune railway police nabbed Thackeray and informed the CST railway police here before bringing him to the metropolis, police said.Explaining the case, Government Railway Police (GRP) Commissioner Prabhat Kumar said, \"Thackeray and Roshni, both neighbours in a village in Amaravati district, had eloped in 2002 and settled in Pune. The couple have a son. Their relationship soured a few years ago. However in 2012, Roshni came to know that Thackeray was having an affair with a minor girl who was their neighbour at Hanuman Nagar of Chikhali area.\"Another officer said, \"Thackeray and the minor girl were found twice in a compromising position by Roshni, who began to have quarrels with him. Fed up with this, Thackeray had assaulted her on September 25 morning. They again had a heated argument on the same day at 5.30 PM when he assaulted her before strangling her. Later, he purchased a bag from Pimpri-Chinchwad area and with the help of his friend Amol, he bundled the body in it.\"The next morning the duo took a train from Pune and planned to hurl the bag from a moving train at Lonawala but due to heavy rush, they could not.From Lonawala, the duo took Sinhagadh Express train and planned to dump it in Mumbra but in vain. The bag was then brought to the CST station and they had planned to sneak out of the station but due to heavy security, they left it at the station itself.\"As Thackeray and Roshni stayed in a rented house in Hanuman Nagar of Chikhali, the land owner's son identified Thackeray in the CCTV footage released in the media, days after the body was found at the station, police said.Scared, Thackeray shifted to another rented house but his friends also started asking him about his wife in the wake of the CCTV footage showed in the media, police added.In the meantime, the Pune police received inputs about Thackeray and he was arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "16807897", "title": "Rajat Gupta could get prison term of 6 years: Legal experts", "text": "NEW YORK: US prosecutors may seek an 8-10 year prison term for ex-Goldman Sachs director Rajat Gupta for his conviction in insider trading but the judge could give the India-born Wall Street executive six years or less, especially in light of his \"otherwise unblemished record,\" legal experts say.Gupta, 63, will be sentenced on October 24 by US District Judge Jed Rakoff.The ex-Mckinsey head is the most prominent corporate executive convicted in the US government's sweeping investigation into insider trading and his sentencing comes exactly a year after criminal charges were brought against him by India-born US Attorney in Manhattan Preet Bharara.Federal prosecutors and Gupta's defence team are likely to file their respective memos to the judge this week in which both sides would make a case for what sentence Gupta should be given and what the judge should keep in mind in handing down the prison term.Ahead of his sentencing, more than 200 prominent business and global leaders, including Microsoft founder Bill Gates and former UN Chief Kofi Annan , have written letters of support to Rakoff detailing Gupta's philanthropic work.Rachel Barkow, a Professor of Regulatory Law and Policy at the New York University School of Law, said the \"realistic\" applicable baseline range for sentencing for Gupta would be either 6-10 or 8-10 years but it is that Rakoff could go to the high end of this range.\"It is more likely that Rakoff could decide on a six year or even lower prison term for Gupta,\" Barkow told PTI.\"It is not necessary to give Gupta a high sentence to serve the purpose of punishment, particularly in light of his otherwise unblemished record.\"Gupta will in all likelihood appeal against any prison term he gets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16802325", "title": "Australia PM to sign N-trade pact during visit to India", "text": "NEW DELHI: Australia is expected to carry out a major, and much awaited, course correction in its foreign policy by offering to negotiate sale of uranium to India during Prime Minister Julia Gillard's three-day visit to the country, starting Monday. Government sources here confirmed that Gillard's visit will see a formal announcement of negotiations between the two countries for a nuclear safeguards agreement that would allow Australia to export uranium to India.Despite supporting the move by Nuclear Suppliers Group (NSG) in 2008 to allow India to conduct nuclear commerce, Australia continued to deny uranium to India for not having signed NPT. Now, it is all set to enter into civil nuclear cooperation with India, with the core of this cooperation being the safeguards agreement that will allow Australia to bypass opposition from various groups, which are opposing the Labor government's decision to overturn the ban on uranium sale to India.The uranium agreement with Australia, apart from ensuring a steady supply of the yellowcake, will also have great symbolic significance for India as it will mark yet another international `acceptance' of its nuclear weapons. ``The negotiations should start once their internal processes are complete; we expect the Australian government to take the process further ahead,'' said MEA official spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin.Australians are likely to insist on regular reports from Indian authorities about how uranium is used and the state in which it is stored. Gillard, however, was instrumental in Labor's decision to reverse the ban. The agreement is likely to include the same provisions as NPT meant to prevent proliferation, which India has always agreed in principle despite not having signed the treaty because it allows only five countries to possess nuclear weapons.The final agreement is likely to take some time though as the negotiations are expected to be lengthy. While this will be her second official visit to India, it will be the first as the PM. According to Indian officials, the initiative for the visit came from Gillard herself, who appears keen on mending ties with New Delhi despite the ``snub\" from her counterpart Manmohan Singh last year when he pulled out of the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting (CHOGM) in Perth. In fact, the last Indian PM to have visited Australia was Rajiv Gandhi in 1986.Australian foreign minister Bob Carr said recently that Canberra needed the agreement to be able to supply uranium to India and that it was working New Delhi India to finalize it. \"The relationship's in good working order and the thing the Indians wanted out of us most was a decision to sell them uranium for the peaceful development of nuclear power which is a major strategic goal for them and I think an environmental plus for the planet,\" he was quoted as having said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16802590", "title": "Sufi singers perform at IES Engineering College", "text": "BHOPAL: International Sufi singers Jameel Khan and Kheta Khan performed at IES Engineering College. The event was organised under the series conducted by SPIC MACAY, Bhopal chapter. On the occasion, they also performed on various Rajasthani songs. The artistes also interacted with the students and provided them tips on Sufi and Rajasthani songs. On the occasion, college staff and students were present.----------Radharaman Group of Institutions will organise nodal-level cricket tournament on its campus from October 13. Before the tournament, a friendly match was played between the teams of MANIT faculty XI and RGI faculty XI. MANIT team defeated RGI 34 runs. Teams to be participating in the tournament included Radharaman, RGPV, LNCT, Oriental, Bansal, TIT, Truba, Sistec, Gyan Ganga, Millennium, Bhabha and Mittal. Final match will be played on October 23. The state level tournament will be played from October 27.Seminar held on gender sensitizationThe women studies department, Barkatullah University, organised a seminar on 'gender sensitization training programmes. Addressing the gathering, District and Sessions Judge Renu Sharma said gender sensitisation is important for progressing society. \"Women needs to raise their voices against any kind of exploitation they face,\" Sharma said. Barkatullah University vice-chancellor professor Nisha Dubey said women studies department has been carrying out a host of activities for the welfare of the women.ADB visits NITTTRA three-member team of Asian Development Bank (ADB) recently visited the National Institute of Technical Teachers' Training and Research (NITTTR). The team discussed various issues, including the activities organised under the skills development mission. Under the skills development mission, around 50 lakh individuals are to be trained in the country.BSSS girls v'ball team wins tourneyGirls' volleyball team of Bhopal School of Social Sciences (BSSS) won the inter-collegiate championship organized at Barkatullah University on Saturday. Chief guest of the final match, registrar of Barkatullah University presented winning trophy the BSSS team. On the occasion, Khalil Khan, Nitin Varun, Yogendra Singh Sengar and others were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16804170", "title": "Feroz brought to Pune, two revolvers seized", "text": "PUNE: Two revolvers, 10 nine-volt batteries, wire and paper cutters, and a timer were confiscated from a flat in Kondhwa by the special cell of the Delhi police on Saturday, the Pune police said.The flat was used by an employee of Indian Mujahideen (IM) operative Sayyed Feroz, arrested by the Delhi police recently, the police added. Feroz was brought to Pune on Saturday. During investigations, he had revealed his employee's name.Feroz was taken to the Cantonment police station and has been kept in the lock-up for the night. The employee has been detained for questioning. The material, like the one recovered from the flat, is usually used to put together to make an improvised explosive device. Feroz, Imran and Asad Khan from Nanded and Aurangabad are allegedly involved in the August 1 Jangli Maharaj road serial bomb blasts in Pune.Feroz was later taken to the Kasarwadi flat he had rented for three months. He and two others had allegedly used the flat to assemble the bombs that went off on JM Road.The Pune police, which have started the verification of Feroz's shops on Jan Mohammed street and near Shivaji Market, came across a third shop near Bhopale chowk on R S Kedari Road and a tailoring unit in lane number 2 in Bhimpura operated by him.He was taken to these shops and to the tailoring unit. The Delhi police, till Saturday, had information only about his residence in Shukrawar Peth, and two shops in the Cantonment.The third shop, also called Options, sold burqas and Pathani suits. It had been taken on rent for a year, but closed down due to lack of business after Ramzan Eid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16804906", "title": "15,000 NRHM jobs land in cold bag", "text": "LUCKNOW: After casting aspersions over the integrity of chief medical officers (CMOs) posted in various districts, state health minister Ahmad Hasan late Saturday night froze appointment of over 15,000 health personnel, including doctors, nurses and technicians under the Ashirwad Child Health Guarantee Scheme of the National Rural Health Mission.The decision was taken following complaints of anomalies in appointments. The minister has ordered scrutiny of the recruitment process in every district, during which period the department will not issue any appointment letter to the candidates selected so far. The move assumes importance in the light of the incident in Gonda district where the CMO was allegedly abducted and harassed by minister Vinod Singh, who later resigned, when the CMO refused to appoint the candidates recommended by the minister. The latter, however, alleged large scale anomalies in the appointment process.Earlier, during the day, when asked to react to the Gonda incident and accusations of Vinod Singh, the health minister had said \"Everybody knows how CMOs work in the state. The entire NRHM scam during the previous BSP regime is testimony to the fact. I will make a big disclosure in a day or two.\" The statement drew flak from government doctors who said the minister seems prejudiced even before the inquiry has begun.After a meeting late on Saturday night, however, Hasan decided to freeze all appointments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16804469", "title": "Dedicated helplines for women, tourists and elderly launched", "text": "VARANASI: IG Zone GL Meena inaugurated three helplines dedicated to senior citizens, tourists and women at a special function organised at city control room compound on Saturday evening.Addressing the gathering, Meena praised the initiative and highlighted its relevance. The SSP BD Paulson discussed the reasons that made the police feel the need to introduce the helplines. DIG Range A Satish Ganesh was also present on the occasion.The officials said a large number of elderly complainants were not only terrorized by anti-social elements for property-related gains, they also faced problems and threats from their own family members.They said the services of tourist and women helplines can be availed in cases like attack or misbehaviour, chain or purse snatching, duping, teasing or sexual harassment and accidents. Efforts are being made to ensure police assistance availability within seven minutes of the call in city area and within 15 minutes in the rural belt.When asked if the cops were linguistically equipped to handle foreign tourists' calls, the SSP replied, \"I will personally monitor the functioning of these helplines. The flow of calls on the tourist helpline would be reviewed after a month, and if it is high, efforts would be made to hire persons knowing different languages.\"Paulson said as the helpline numbers for these three services are not toll-free, the chances of fake calls as noticed at police control room (100) and fire control room (101) would remain low.He said a dedicated team of three sub-inspectors and 12 constables has been created to handle these helplines.The SIs are deployed to monitor the telephone duties by the constables in three shifts, he said, adding that separate registers have been provided to maintain record of each and every call and also the follow up action.Kids pray for Malala: Praying for the life of Malala Yousafzai, the 14-year old Pakistani girl who was shot at in an assassination attempt by Taliban gunmen on October 9, the volunteers and kids associated with Vishal Bharat Sansthan recited Hanuman Chalisa at a temple in Shastrinagar colony in Sigra area on Saturday.Describing the attack on Malala as an act of cowardice by Taliban, they also carried out a march from Shastri Park to Bharat Mata Mandir, and urged the global leaders to unite to end Taliban.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16803425", "title": "Notice, fine for two cops over 'false info'", "text": "MUMBAI: In an order that comes as a warning to public servants under the Right to Information (RTI) Act, the state information commission recently ordered two cops to show cause why no disciplinary action and penalty of Rs 10,000 each be imposed against them for having furnished \"false and incomplete information\" to an applicant about a theft case registered with the Juhu police 22 years ago.The commission's order is against senior police inspector Deepak Katkade and his assistant Ashok Pimple for information given to Yogacharya Anandji Joshi in 2010. The case is \"an example of how transparency is a casualty, accountability is missing and only thanks to RTI is the void being filled to some extent,\" said Joshi.In 1990, Joshi had lodged an FIR with the Juhu police station after two of his yoga institute signboards went missing from the premises. The accused were three persons, including his landlord Jay Hind CHS, then secretary and chairperson and a security supervisor. Joshi occupies 2,500 sq ft on the ground floor as a tenant.The theft, he alleged, occurred as his tenancy suit was pending in the small causes court. In April 2006, another theft allegedly worth Rs 10 lakh took place, and some machines, books, CDs and other items were removed after his office lock was broken. Joshi filed a private complaint before a magistrate, seeking a probe.In 2008, the Andheri magistrate asked Juhu police for a report on the fresh theft case. The police mentioned that the older 1990 case was bogus and the accused were acquitted and suggested that the second case also appeared bogus. The court thus rejected Joshi's plea to have the police register an FIR in the second case. Joshi appealed against the order and filed an RTI application in January 2010 to know when and where had the court proceedings resulting in acquittal of the accused taken place, as claimed by the police. He asked for a copy of his FIR, chargesheet and court orders. He was not aware of any court hearing.Juhu police in response to the RTI plea said the FIR and documents were not traceable. But in the first appeal, the zone 9 DCP ordered that the documents be given. Within a week, the Juhu police sent Joshi copies of witness statements and said the case is closed. Joshi went to the state information commission and its chief, Ramanand Tiwari, heard the appeal. Tiwari passed no orders and eventually Joshi sought answers from the government about the inordinate delay.In August 2012 after hearing him, P W Patil, who was holding charge of the information commission, directed that all FIR copies must be given free as required by law or even sent by registered post to complainants. The police then gave Joshi a copy of the FIR dated September 27, 1990 but it did not have his signature.The commission said it \"partially accepted\" the appeal and directed on August 29 that the police be taken to task and must reply within 15 days. Over a month with no reply, Joshi has now written to police chief Satyapal Singh, seeking an explanation and action against the police officer for dereliction of duty and misleading even the court in 2008 by filing a false affidavit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "16803222", "title": "Punjab ups bus fares by 20%", "text": "PATIALA: From now on, while travelling in buses in Punjab, you will have to loosen the purse strings. After the Union government burdened the common man with hike in rates of LPG and diesel, from Saturday the state government increased bus fares by 20%, which has come as a crippling blow for people.\"Not just me, the bus conductor had an argument with almost all passengers when he demanded Rs 45 instead of the usual Rs 38. Though I had heard about the proposal of bus fares hike, I did not expect that state government would implement it in such a haste,\" said Sukhpal Singh, who travels from Sangrur to Patiala daily.Last month, the Centre had raised the price of diesel by Rs 5 per litre and subsequently private bus operators of Punjab had sought a hike of 15 paise per km, while state-owned Punjab Roadways and PRTC demanded an increase of 22 paise per km in bus fares. But fearing public outcry, the state government has allowed the hike of 13 paise per km.Earlier, the state residents were paying 66 paise per km to travel in private and government buses, from Saturday they are forced to shell out 79 paise per km. Bus fares were hiked by the SAD BJP alliance twice in 2010. In January 2010, the state government had hiked the bus fare from 49 paise per km to 56 paise per km. Then again, in December 2010, the SAD-BJP alliance approved a hike of 16% and made travel by ordinary buses expensive by 10 paise per km. \"The state government has withdrawn daily pass facility and it doesn't plan to re-start that facility, it should not increase fares,\" demanded another daily passenger Gurdev Singh.Confirming the hike, PRTC managing director D P S Kharbanda said, \"Though we had sought a hike of 22 paise, government has only allowed 13 paise. We would try to manage with it as we are forced to increase bus fares after hike of diesel prices.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "muzaffarpur", "code": "16804316", "title": "Liquor mafia attack protesters", "text": "MUZAFFARPUR: The ongoing agitation for total prohibition turned bloody on Saturday when 50 to 60 license holders attacked a 'padyatra' led by former minister and Congress leader Hind Kesari Yadav on the court campus here on Saturday, injuring several persons including Yadav with lathi blows.Yadav was on a 'padyatra' demanding total ban on the sale of liquor in the state like Gujarat and adequate compensation to the kin of the 14 persons of Paroo and Deoria police station areas who lost their lives recently after consuming spurious liquor.Seven of the injured persons including Yadav, Rajdhari Ram, Rajeshwar Ram (both from Paroo), Mahendra Baitha, Lalbabu Rai, Jaiprakash Yadav and Umashankar Yadav were admitted to the sadar hospital with multiple injuries. Other injured persons are learnt to have gone to a private nursing home for treatment.Yadav told TOI he was on a 'padyatra' along with 200 people, mostly women, from Neknampur village, the site of the recent hooch tragedy. He had informed the district administration and police about his programme five days back, but as soon as his 'padyatra' reached between the offices of the DM and the divisional commissioner, a mob of liquor syndicate, which had gathered at the collectorate for their meeting with the DM, attacked him and his followers.Senior SP Rajesh Kumar said Yadav and his men had an altercation with the liquor license holders present at the collectorate. They clashed after a heated discussion. Police cases would be lodged against both the parties for resorting to violence.DM Santosh Kumar Mall told TOI late Saturday he had given time to licensed liquor shop owners at 3pm. But he was still in Kanti in connection with an official work when the clash occurred at Muzaffarpur. He said one such shopkeeper Mahesh Rai had old enmity with Hind Kesari Yadav and he was behind this attack on Yadav. A visual of the attack has been procured and a team of policemen has gone to arrest Rai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16803359", "title": "5 held for stealing crude oil from pipelines", "text": "NEW DELHI: They bought dhabas at sky-high rates on national highways connecting Gujarat with the oil refineries at Panipat and Mathura, and paid up to Rs 1 lakh to rent warehouses situated on these roads. It took the crime branch two months to figure out that the gang was actually targeting crude oil in the pipelines located right behind these buildings. Five people, including two drillers, two distributors and an oil tanker driver, have been arrested for the theft from Mangolpuri.Investigations so far have revealed that the accused transported up to 20,000 litres of crude oil at a time (the maximum their tanker could carry) and sold it for just Rs 4 lakh to two businessmen in Delhi who then sold it to factories in the NCR.Police said the accused used to take out 60,000 litres a week and would escape before the company officials could detect a drop in line pressure. Indian Oil Corporation officials told Delhi Police that their loss in the three years of the gang's operation was at least Rs 10 crore. \"IOC officials told us a major accident could have taken place. We are examining the possessions of the accused and plan to book them under the explosives Act,'' said an officer. Crude oil, used as fuel in small factories and foundries, is a huge environmental challenge.DCP (crime) SBS Tyagi said the entire operations were headed by Mohd Shamid (30), a resident of Samastipur in Bihar. \"Shamid has five cases of a similar nature registered against him at Rewari, Jaipur, Panipat and Jhajjar. He came out on bail and got involved in three more cases, the most serious ones being in Sirsa and Jaipur on October 1.''Sources in crime branch said the accused chose different drivers to transport the oil but were dependent on Shamid and one Bishan Singh to drill the lines.\"We are investigating if the accused worked at a refinery earlier. We are told that they sold the oil to Mukesh Kumar Gupta and Ashok Kumar Jain, residents of Uttam Nagar and Nangloi, who then arranged for its sale in Delhi and NCR. A team led by ACP Bir Singh is now trying to recover the equipment used by the gang.\"The source also said, \"They used to run a dhaba on rent in front of the pipeline. They would drill the line at night using a horizontal drilling device and fix a valve on the hole. The oil was poured into the tanker through a pipe attached to the valve. The fifth accused, Dinesh Kumar, provided the tanker. They recently repainted the tanker to make identification difficult,'' said Tyagi.In 2010, the same gang dug a 170 feet tunnel from a rented warehouse to an IOC pipeline in Jhajjar and fixed a plastic pipe for stealing oil.The pipe, which passed through agricultural land, got damaged during tilling and crude oil started flowing onto the field. The gang fled but the oil company lost crores, said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16803761", "title": "Ticketing in Kadamba transport corporation buses to go hi-tech", "text": "PANAJI: Soon, passengers travelling by Kadamba buses will receive printed tickets with details such as the passenger's destination, distance travelled and fare.Government-run Kadamba transport corporation (KTC) will soon introduce portable ticketing machines for its buses. Carlos Almeida, chairman of KTC, said that \"the corporation would soon be procuring the portable ticketing units for its buses.\"The portable units, which are similar in size to a debit card swipe machine, will be given to KTC conductors/drivers who will issue printed tickets to passengers through the units.The machines are expected to reduce the malpractices such as non-issuing of tickets by conductors and under-recovery of ticket charges, felt Almeida.\"The proposal for the procurement of the machines has been approved by the KTC board and has been sent to the government for final approval,\" said S Ghate, deputy general manager (traffic), KTC.He noted that there will be less paperwork once the units are in place as the system will be totally computerised and the units will generate management information system (MIS) reports which will provide data such as passenger load and category of passengers (students, senior citizens) per route, which days and hours passenger load is more, revenue from each route among other details.\"Presently, the data is available after two months. With the machines it will be available at the click of a button, he noted.Each unit will cost 5,500. Around 400 units will be procured for the KTC's fleet of buses at an approximate cost of 22 lakh. More may be procured later if required.The units will come with a three year warranty and free maintenance. The corporation plans to sign an Annual Maintenance Contract after the warranty expires, said Ghate. He explained that since the units are electronic items, a three year warranty was essential as the units need to be used for a minimum of three years for financial viability.Ghate said that besides its conductors, the KTC will be training its drivers to use the machines for shuttle buses and other routes where buses ply without conductors. He said that 5-6 firms provide the Association of State Road Transport approved units, and the KTC will select the manufacturer after receiving financial approval from the government.He revealed that the new JNNURM buses that have recently been introduced into service by the KTC already have a port available for connections of such units and transfer of the data log through GPRS.Consumer rights organisation Goacan has welcomed the move to introduce the technology from a consumer perspective. Roland Martins, convener of Goacan said \"any customer-friendly improvement in service through use of new technology is welcome for consumers.\" Martins suggested the KTC should hold regular meetings with consumers as part of confidence building measures, and set-up a mobile helpline for consumer feedback.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16803963", "title": "Nashik Kendriya Vidyalaya students excel in swimming", "text": "NASHIK: The regional aquatic meet of the Kendriya Vidyalaya, Mumbai region took place at Pune in which the students from the Nashik Kendriya Vidyalaya School created waves with their performance distinguished show.Yash Kamble won stole the limelight with an individual gold medal in 200m breaststroke and three silver medals in 100m butterfly, 200m individual medley and 4x100 relay. The other participants of the school were not far behind.Rutuja Madankar won brought further laurels to the school by winning a brace of silver medals in 100 and 200m breaststroke while Sudarshan Khade bagged three silver medals in 100m freestyle, 100m breaststroke and 200m individual medley. His brother Vivek Khade too shred the honours by claimed three silver medals in 200 and 400m freestyle and 50m breaststroke.All winners will be seen at the nationals to be held at the IIT, Kanpur from Oct 17. Their Coach at the Nashik Road Swimming Pool Hari Kamble and the school Sports Teacher Shradha Madankar expressed happiness over the wonderful success of the students.\" I am confident they will perform equally well in the nationals to,\" said the coach.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16804556", "title": "Aam admi No. 1", "text": "Nothing has changed. Like last winter \u2014 when the Anna Hazare movement was racing to its apogee \u2014 Arvind Kejriwal's spartan office in Kaushambi, Ghaziabad continues to play host to a motley crew of India's unheard masses.Patiently waiting their turn to talk to one of Kejriwal's lieutenants, there are sugarcane farmers from western UP. Their government, they say, does not pay them on time, nor does it decide on sugarcane prices in advance. So they never know how much money they will finally make.There are thelawalas from east Delhi, who say the law recognises they run a legitimate business \u2014 more than one challan is proof that you've been running a vending business for some time and therefore, that you have a right to be there \u2014 but the MCD does not; and there are farmers from the Gurgaon area who say that in the seven years since the Haryana government acquired their land, all they've done with it is leave it alone. And if the government does not wish to make use of their land, then perhaps they should give it back.His filtration process is simple, says Dilip, one of the lieutenants. \"We tell a petitioner that if a problem affects only him, then we cannot help. But if it affects a lot of people, then we can.\" Strictly speaking, even then, the landed farmers, the landless farmers and the thelawalas are not offered \"help\".Instead, they are told to go back to where they came from. Organise. Demonstrate against the government. And when they do, \"Arvindji will come to help\" . Kejriwal's motto then, one could say, is: \"I will help those who help themselves.\"The same thing is repeated in the vision statement of the political party that Kejriwal will launch on November 26. That \"swaraj promised nothing short of self-rule\" . Broken down into its simplest form, what Kejriwal is suggesting is that the people should decide if they want, for example , a particular flyover to be built or not; or to choose between whether five handpumps or one tubewell will serve them better.This is not a radical suggestion. In civilised societies which believe the development a government might wish to carry out is for the good of the people, authorities are expected to talk to and convince a majority of the local population of their plans before work begins.Their political party, says Manish Sisodia \u2014 he is the other half of Kejriwal's movement; Kejriwal for the time being is focusing on the Delhi Assembly elections of November 2013, while Sisodia is focusing on the rest of India \u2014 will be built similarly, \"from the bottom up\".Before the Delhi elections, groups of the party's volunteers will scour each of the capital's 272 wards. In each ward, they will ask the public to nominate 100 candidates they think are worthy of fighting the election. The volunteers will then whittle that number down to 20. Then the public will be asked to screen the 20 candidates, and bring the number down to seven. And finally, from those seven, the volunteers will choose the one man or woman who they believe should fight the elections. \"Arvind will not choose,\" says Sisodia . \"The people will.\"Funding, too, will come from within the locality . \"The people will be told that the right candidate has been found from among you, he will do right by you. That should encourage them to help fund him.\" By doing this, the party itself spends nothing on fighting an election. And if the party does not need to raise money to fight an election, then neither does it need to be corrupt.Can it be done in India? Professor Ujjwal Kumar Singh, who heads Delhi University's department of political science, says it can. \"But the party will need a dedicated cadre. And their experiment will take time.\"Kejriwal has finished meeting with Nathu Sarpanch and Ramesh in his office. Both men are farmers, the former lost 20 acres of land to the Haryana government and the second is in the process of losing his five acres. Now, they have their marching orders. Go home and gather all the other farmers who have been similarly affected, and demonstrate against the government. \"I will come and support you,\" Arvind tells them.But there will be problems. Kejriwal's frenzied pace, for one. One minute he is meeting with his cadre, the next a group of disabled persons has arrived asking for a meeting. And by the evening a plan has been hatched to gherao the Prime Minister's home. This hurry will force Arvind into missteps.And could the \"democratic\" nature of the selection of candidates lead to such a varied assortment of them that the party begins to pull in many instead of one forward direction? \"We know we have to be ready to work with people whom we may not like,\" says Sisodia.And, of course, there is the government. So far, Congress ministers say they are \"dismissive\" of Arvind but despite the government's assertions , it is also true that Kejriwal has become a one-stop shop for a large part of the country's downtrodden and the unheard. And by speaking for them, in some respects, he is doing the job the opposition should have been.Outside, dusk is setting. But in the mind's eye, courtesy the directions Kejriwal has given out during the course of the day, one imagines little fires being lit across the country. The fires are metaphors for the angry and the dissatisfied who, fed up with their government, will begin to stand up to the men who rule them. Arvind has shown them how to do it.And the fires, at least for now, seem difficult to put out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "sonipat", "code": "16803137", "title": "Amend marriage Act: Mahapanchayat", "text": "SONIPAT: While distancing itself from the demand for lowering marriage age for girls from 18 to 16, a Sarv Khap Mahapanchayat on Saturday renewed its demand for amending the Hindu Marriage Act, which, the panchayat claimed, was the root cause of crime against women in Haryana.The mahapanchayat, however, said the demand for lowering marriage age of girls was just a suggestion by certain individual khap leaders, which \"cannot be attributed to the khap\". Earlier, former Haryana chief minister and INLD supremo Om Prakash Chautala too had backtracked from his stand a day after he supported the khap leaders' views. Khap panchayat spokesperson Sube Singh, who earlier supported lowering the marriage age of girls, also agreed on the demand for amending the marriage Act. \"I had said that a 16-year-old girl who is in a relationship and wish to get married should be allowed. But as per law, even consensual sex with a girl below 18 years is considered rape,\" he said.Santosh Dahiya, president of the women wing of the khap panchayat and a professor at Kurukshetra University, slammed Congress chief Sonia Gandhi for calling the khap panchayats unconstitutional, while stating that khaps had played a constructive role in society and had been able to solve around 90% disputes through talks.Kuldeep Dhanda, general secretary of the mahapanchayat, said they had met Haryana chief minister for amending the Hindu Marriage Act, which could effectively bring down the incidents of rape and other crimes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16804530", "title": "Allahabad native ready with concert for US", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Bringing pride to Allahabad, its renowned singer Rita Sahai is going to stage choral concert christened 'Celestial Celebration-Navgraha Utsava' on October 27 at Freight and Salvage in Berkeley city of California in United Sates of America, in praise of the universe.Rita Sahai is a senior teacher of Hindustani classical music. The choral concert has been composed and conducted by her Vasundhara Choir with distinguished Bay Area musicians and guest artist Jennifer Berezan.'Vasundhara' is dedicated to Mother Earth and Sahai has composed it in praise of the universe, comprising the nine celestial influences or planets of ancient vedic astrology called 'Nava Graha.' Seven of the navagrahas correspond with the seven days of the week: the sun with Sunday, the moon with Monday, and so on with Mars, Mercury, Jupiter, Venus and Saturn. Rahu and Ketu are the other two grahas which correspond to the two lunar nodes.Sahai has honored the nine grahas with a constellation of corresponding ragas, lyrics and compositions.The moods of the compositions range from happy, creative, respectful and romantic to the sombre and even the martial.\"The planets dance and are dynamic like our lives. They give us a sense of rhythm,\" opines the composer. \"They are mostly unseen forces that govern our lives and we respect them, just as we value Mother Earth,\" she adds.Sahai was born in Allahabad and was accepted at the age of nine as a disciple of renowned vocalist Pandit Rama Shankar Mishra who groomed her in the Benares Gharana style.After going to the United States, she continued her studies under the world famous sarod maestro and composer Ustad Ali Akbar Khan where she trained in the Seni Allaudin Gharana style known for its creativity and purity of ragas. Impressed by her talent and passion towards music, Khan Sahib gave her the title 'Gayan Alankar' (Jewel of Music).She has cut several music albums and has collaborated on projects with Alonzo King, Bella Fleck and Jennifer Berezan.Her concert is also a tribute to the supportive influence of the teacher or guru and family elders, to beneficial beings that inspire all of us, and shine on us like the sun, moon, stars and planets.'Vasundhara' is dedicated to Mother Earth and Sahai has composed it in praise of the universe, comprising the nine celestial influences or planets of ancient vedic astrology called 'Nava Graha'. Sahai has honored the nine grahas with a constellation of corresponding ragas, lyrics and compositions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16804607", "title": "Two teens meet watery grave in Phalguni river", "text": "MANGALORE: Two teenagers among a group of eight teenagers drowned in the Phalguni river at Bengre on Saturday. Police identified the victims as Hasan Nameer,14, son of Abdul Basheer, and Mohammed Marzoof, 3, son of Amir, both residents of Bengre. Marzoof was an eighth standard student of the Government High School, Bengre, while Nameer was studying in ninth standard in Badriya School, Kandak, in the city.The accident occurred when the boys, enjoying their Dasara holidays, had gone to the river for a swim. Seeing Marzoof and Nameer getting swept away, others called for help. Efforts by police, life guards and locals to rescue them proved futile. Locals said the boys had ventured to a spot which had been dredged recently and hence was deep. The bodies were recovered around 1.30pm and kept at Mohiuddin Jumma Masjid there. Panambur police have registered a case.Four students of Capitanio High School, Padil here, who were reported missing since Friday evening were traced at Shivabagh in the early hours of Saturday. Dhanya Naik, Raksha, Lavanya and Nishmita, all aged 13 and 8th standard students had reportedly left the school and did not return home causing panic among their parents. Police said the students left home as they had fared poorly in examinations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16803243", "title": "Two arrested for graphic designer\u2019s murder in T Nagar", "text": "CHENNAI: Two people were arrested on Saturday for the murder on Thursday of a graphic designer at the office of the tabloid in T Nagar where she worked.Rafi, 22, a former employee of the tabloid, 'Future Line', and his friend Vicky alias Harish, 20, confessed to killing Jothilakshmi, 30, joint commissioner of police (south zone) K P Shamuga Rajeswaran said adding that the stolen gold jewellery and valuables recovered.Preliminary inquiries revealed that Rafi and Vicky visited the tabloid office to talk to the owner, Sri Kumar, who had allegedly abused Rafi's mother Mumtaz for failing to repay the 10 lakh she had borrowed from him. \"We didn't have the intention of killing Jothilakshmi. When we were asking her about Sri Kumar, she began dialling his number from the landline. So, we got angry and killed her. We decided steal the jewels only to confuse police,\" the two were quoted as saying. Jothilakshmi had been working for 'Future Line', for four years.Sri Kumar, who had been bringing out the tabloid for more than five years, arrived at the office around 6pm on Thursday and found the main door locked from outside. \"When he entered the office, he found Jothilakshmi's body, covered in blood. He informed her husband, Muthupandi, about what had happened before alerting police,\" an investigating officer had said.After the West Mambalam police arrested Rafi and Vicky, they were remanded in judicial custody after being produced before a magistrate's court in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16803307", "title": "Congress decides to meet Prime Minister again on Cauvery", "text": "BANGALORE: In a damage-control exercise especially after facing the ire of farmers over Cauvery, a Congress delegation from Karnataka will soon meet Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and apprise him of the ground realities and experts' suggestions.At an extended meeting with technical and legal experts, Karnataka Pradesh Congress Committee members sought suggestions to resolve the imbroglio. Union ministers SM Krishna and Mallikarjuna Kharge were present at the meeting. Among those present included former advocate generals BV Acharya and AN Jayaram and some litterateurs.KPCC president G Parameshwara said the BJP government in Karnataka had committed a series of lapses in presenting the state's case before the Supreme Court and Cauvery River Authority. \"It has put the blame on the Centre and state Congress leaders,'' he added.Quoting experts at the meeting, he said Karnataka's September 10 affidavit that the state is ready to release 10,000 cusecs daily to Tamil Nadu actually turned the tables in favour of the lower riparian state. Karnataka also failed to present before the apex court and CRA the \"evaporation loss\" from all its reservoirs, which is to the extent of 6-8 tmcft of water in an irrigation year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16803423", "title": "SGNP slum rehab first phase to be completed in Nov", "text": "MUMBAI: The first phase of relocation and rehabilitation of slum-dwellers of the Sanjay Gandhi National Park, Borivli, will be completed next month. Five years after the government undertook the shifting of the slum-dwellers following a Bombay high court order, it will have shifted 11,500 slum-dwellers. \"The last 1,600 families of the first phase have already been given the keys to their homes at Chandivali. They have been given a month to move out. On November 1, we shall begin demolition of their huts if they have not already done so,'' said Sunil Limaye, chief conservator of forests, SGNP. The dwellings are spread over Dahisar, Kandivli, Malad and Mulund.Another 13,000 people still remain to be relocated. \"It is the Slum Rehabilitation Authority that has been providing the flats to eligible slum-dwellers. For the remaining they have promised to give flats either at Chandivali or at Mankhurd. The SRA has indicated that these will be completed by 2013,'' he said.On November 1, the forest department will not only demolish the huts of those relocated but also take up the construction of the boundary wall as ordered by the high court. \"So far we have completed 26km and another 14km remain to be completed. Wherever we demolish the huts we are taking up the boundary wall construction. The presence of huts is a hurdle in completing the task,'' he said. adding that the forest department plans to complete another 4-5km of the wall by March next year.Last year, CM Prithviraj Chavan had stayed the construction of two approved 25-storey buildings at Chandivali to rehabilitate slum-dwellers after the Nivara Hakk Suraksha Samiti led by actor and former MP Shabana Azmi brought to his notice the inhuman conditions in which the relocated slum-dwellers lived. Though the present buildings are seven-storey high, non-working lifts and poor water supply has meant that school children have to make several trips to take water to their high-rise homes.Civic activist and architect P K Das who had designed the initial buildings pointed out how distortion of the original plans was resulting in slum-like conditions in their new dwelling places with open spaces encroached upon, promised amenities not being provided and poor quality of construction making the flats non-habitable. Das had then demanded that the government prepare a master plan for the entire city to address the issues of slum rehabilitation, public amenities and affordable housing.Das said Nivara Hakk had demanded an inquiry into how such high-rises were being allowed for slum rehabilitation and the chief minister had agreed to it. The SRA, however, is yet to initiate the inquiry.\"We want public participation as was done initially in Phase-I so that homes are properly designed, public amenities provided and to ensure quality,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16804130", "title": "'Early detection key to fight breast cancer'", "text": "PUNE: Early detection is the key to fight breast cancer and increased level of awareness can also serve the purpose, said experts during the first Breast Cancer Survivors Conference which concluded here recently.The two day-long conference was organised by Breast Friends Pune and Women's Cancer Initiative. Over 200 breast cancer survivors and their caregivers attended the conference from cities like Mumbai, Pune and Nashik.Medical oncologist Shona Nag said, \"A lot of breast cancer patients are cured now. Their survivorship is equated to life which begins for the patient after the treatment ends.\"Speaking on the occasion medical oncologist Anantbhushan Ranade said more than 40% cases of breast cancer are diagnosed in the third or fourth stage. \"This is a cause for concern as early diagnosis can lead to better chances of successful treatment,\" he said.According to Ranade, breast cancer cases were on the rise in India and every three minutes a woman is diagnosed with breast cancer.\"The probability of breast cancer among Indian women in urban areas is more than rural India due to difference in lifestyle. The probability is 1 in 28 for Indian urban women, whereas in rural India, it is 1 in 80,\" he said.Breast surgeon Anupama Mane shared the advances in surgical management. \"The focus has now shifted from radical mastectomy to breast conservation or breast reconstruction surgery,\" Mane said.The highlight of the conference was a panel discussion about various issues pertaining to breast cancer, where topics like medical leave and compensation for treatment, creating patient advocacy groups, maintaining a positive approach and dealing with infertility and other gynaecological problems during cancer treatment were discussed.Actress Smita Talwalkar, a cancer survivor herself, narrated how she fought the disease and counseled undertaking medical treatment in a positive spirit.The second day had a hands-on workshop by experts from fields of fitness, lymphoedema, homeopathy and Yoga.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16804216", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation falls back on defaulting co to complete Sitabuldi mall", "text": "NAGPUR: In 2006-07, the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) had drawn ambitious plans to construct six swanky malls on its sprawling lands in prime locations on built operate transfer (BOT) basis. Six years on, these malls have remained only on papers due to the civic body's apathy while executing these projects. Refusing to amend it ways, NMC now proposes to start work on one of the projects - Sitabuldi mall - by issuing revised work order to the private company which had abandoned work on two of the projects - Dhanaganj and Jaripatka malls.The civic body had awarded the contract for constructing these six malls to a joint-venture of two private companies, Unity Infra Projects Private Limited and BSEL Infrastructure Realty Limited. The company could start work on two projects - Dhanaganj in East Nagpur and Jaripatka in North Nagpur. However, NMC's failed to clear certain issues pertaining to the remaining projects.Meanwhile, the private company abandoned the Dhanaganj and Jaripatka projects in 2008 after some initial work. As a result, NMC cancelled the work orders for these projects in April 2010. However, the civic body did not cancel the work orders issued for other projects due to its own issues.Now, NMC's Pench project cell, which looks after the mall projects, has sent a proposal to the Standing Committee seeking approval for issuing revised work order for the Sitabuldi mall project to same joint-venture company from the present date.According to NMC officials, the user of the land where the mall was proposed was \"NMC office\" and \"commercial centre\". \"The mall was proposed on the entire land before changing the user from \"NMC office\" to \"commercial centre\". Tender was floated followed by the work order on July 26, 2007. However, the town planning department refused to sanction the building plan as it required change of user. The NMC then sent a proposal to the state government requesting for the change in user. It was approved on March 4, 2011, when the 2.5 FSI was not applicable. The government implemented 2.5 FSI from March 14 this year. The proposal for sanctioning the building plan was submitted on April 7 this year and would take at least two more months for approval,\" the officials said.The department in its proposal said that the handing over letter for the Sitabuldi project was issued to the private company on February 25, 2008. \"As per work order norms, NMC must hand over the land to the company within six months after clearing all the issues else the execution period needs to be extended. The private company has now sought an extension citing delay from NMC's side,\" the officials added.The standing committee will discuss the proposal in its meeting on October 17. Unity Infra is already facing flak for inordinate delay in the cement road project.Meanwhile, Vishvaraj Infrastructure Limited (VIL), which bagged contract for Dhanaganj mall more than a year ago, and Multi Urban Infra Services Private Ltd, which was awarded tender for Jaripatka mall over eight months ago, have not even deposited the due amount. They have also not signed an agreement with the NMC within the stipulated period of one month. Still, the NMC is sitting pretty for reasons best known to it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16803569", "title": "Karnataka Special leave petition in apex court questions Cauvery River Authority", "text": "BANGALORE: The state government on Saturday filed a special leave petition in the Supreme Court questioning the Cauvery River Authority's (CRA) rejection of its application seeking a revision of the September 19 order to release water. The CRA had asked Karnataka to release 9,000 cusecs of water to Tamil Nadu from September 20 to October 15.Karnataka says the CRA has no powers to dismiss its petition under the Inter-State Water Disputes Act. \"If there is no provision for the CRA to review its decision, why did it issue notices to riparian states on Karnataka's petition?'' sources asked.Union water resource secretary wrote to the state on Thursday saying: \"There is no provision for any state to seek a review of the CRA's directive.'' The next hearing in the SC is on Oct 19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "16804230", "title": "Court pulls up bank for vanishing cash", "text": "KORAPUT: A consumer court has pulled up SBI's Malkangiri and Kalimela branches in Malkangiri district for deficiency of service after nine customers' money vanished from their respective accounts.The Malkangiri district consumer disputes and redressal forum has also asked the two branches of the nationalised bank to pay each of the complainants Rs 10,000 as compensation and Rs 2,000 extra for litigation cost which will be in addition to the amount of cash vanished from the customers' respective account with interest.The customers had alleged that cash from their accounts kept on vanishing mysteriously though they had not withdrawn money with their ATM cards nor had they shared their passwords with anyone.\"After hearing counsels of both sides and in reference to the guidelines prescribed by the corporate office of the SBI and several other related cases, the forum held the SBI branches guilty of deficiency of service,\" said forum president Ashok Kumar Pattnaik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16804055", "title": "Thumbs up to Prime Minister's plan to check graft", "text": "PUNE: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's recent announcement that his government was contemplating amendments to legislations, such as Prevention of Corruption Act to include corporate failure to prevent bribery as an offence, has received warm response from professionals, lawyers and industry bodies that represent India's corporate sector.Vidya Rajarao, Leader of Forensics Practice at accountancy firm Pricewaterhouse Coopers, India, said the PM's announcement was a step in the right direction and in line with the global anti-corruption standards. She said under the Prevention of Corruption Act of 1988, only public servants are captured, corporate or private bribery are not covered. \"At present, companies are not duty-bound to implement controls or procedures to prevent corruption. The Act also does not capture failure to prevent corruption, which all major global legislative regimes on the subject have captured. By making failure to prevent bribery a punishable offence, the Act can create incentives for companies to design and implement controls and systems that help address the supply side of bribery.\" She, however, said consistent and vigorous enforcement of such laws was critical.Rajarao said prevention of corruption should be regarded as an integral aspect of good corporate governance regardless of the fact whether it is specifically mentioned in clause 49 of the listing agreement (of companies) or not. \"Globally, the regulators such as Department of Justice and Securities Exchange Commission in the US have penalized members of the board of directors, if those companies were found to have violated regulations that prohibit corrupt practices,\" she said.Pradeep Bhargava, chairman of Western India Regional Council of Confederation of Indian Industry (CII), told ToI that many members of the industry body agree with the suggestion. Bhargava noted that the present laws dealing with corruption in the country are inadequate and don't cover both sides of the \"transactions.\" Bhargava said CII has put in place for members an elaborate code of conduct that guides them on corruption issues. Also in place is a set of guidelines for donations to political parties, Bhargava said. \"It is good that the government has initiated a debate about the need to curb the 'giving' side of the malaise and CII will always support it,\" he said.Arun Wakhlu, chairman of Pragati Leadership which is spearheading an effort in ethics in governance, said when business leaders will begin to see business in the larger context of life, see it as something that maximizes total well being in the short and long runs, then their behaviour may begin to become more ethical. \"A book on water will not quench a person's thirst. Similarly, rules and regulations cannot substitute for a change of heart of business leaders and governmental public servants. We need to have a movement to celebrate ethical public servants, ethical and integral business houses, integral and wholesome leaders,\" he added.Public affairs professional Dilip Cherian said the relationship between the government/bureaucracy and corporate sector is not that of a 'giver-taker', but that of a 'demander and pleader'. \"There is no doubt that corruption and cronyism need to be cut at the bud itself. However, before targeting the corporate sector, it is crucial to first identify the loopholes, weaklings and the remedy within the establishment. The idea has been around for some time, but unless the rules are clear and there is little room for discretion and arbitrariness, the proposed amendments will make little difference.\"A corporate lawyer, who did not want to be named, said, \"All this debate is about corruption which comes on record of companies - it's about cutbacks paid 'officially.' The system compels corporates to engage in 'off balance sheet' bribery when dealing with a number of government departments such as revenue, industries, customs and excise , income tax or civic administration. Corporate sector's failure to prevent corruption should also be seen in the context of the broad issue of black money.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16803116", "title": "Dismissal of four Kerala students for ragging quashed", "text": "CHENNAI: Describing as \"farce\" an inquiry into an alleged incident of ragging in a technical institute in Coimbatore, the Madras high court has quashed the dismissal of four students. Justice D Hararanthaman also asked Nettur Technical Training Foundation to admit the students -- Rahul Sadasivan, E S Jasim Ansari, R Rejath and Kalesh - hailing from Kerala.The management shall collect the necessary fee from them and allow them to join the fourth semester beginning January 2013, the judge said.The four had joined a two-year diploma course at the institute in April 2010. An inquiry against them was initiated after two first year students - Shaffaf and D Ashwin - lodged a ragging complaint against them.The duo alleged that they were assaulted with weapons. The four students were placed under suspension though there was no police complaint in that regard.After an external inquiry by an assistant professor from Bharathiyar University found them guilty, the four were dismissed from the institute. The students moved the HC against their dismissal. Slamming the finding and faulting the inquiry, Justice Hariparanthaman pointed out that no charge memo was served on the students and no weapon allegedly used by the students was found.Noting that there was no proof of injury on the complainants, the judge said no medical record had been produced to substantiate the allegations. Noting the students had already lost one academic year, the judge allowed their plea for readmission and asked the institute to permit them to resume their studies by January 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16804727", "title": "\u2018Fake\u2019 websites selling Kumbh cottages", "text": "LUCKNOW: Officials in the Uttar Pradesh State Tourism Development Corporation have come across a number of private operators, agencies and institutions have rented out tents that belong to the UPSTDC for the 2013 Mahakumbh. The transactions have been made through certain unauthorised websites which have been identified by the Kumbh Mela office in Allahabad.It may be noted that tourism corporation raises some 45 luxury cottages inside the Kumbh Mela site, which are like a hotel room on the banks of the river. It is also building 345 Swiss cottages (suite comprising drawing and bed room and properly constructed and tiled toilets) along the road to Sangam.Director general tourism, Manoj Singh said, \"We have sounded an alert, while the mela officer has asked the inspector general Allahabad zone to examine the matter and register a case against the people or organisations behind these websites.\" Mela officer, Mani Mishra said that the way in which these websites have packaged their deals could lure anyone. For instance, one the website promises to provide a luxurious stay inside the Swiss cottages. \"But the fact is that they have no right to rent cottages inside or along the mela premises. What they are doing amounts to forgery prima facie,\" Mishra said.In a letter to police officials in Allahabad, the mela officials informed that the mela administration has been providing free accommodation to pilgrims inside the mela kshetra (mela premises) during the mela period. The tradition has been continued even this year.For tourists, land is allocated to the UP tourism development corporation, which builds cottages and provides them at reasonable rates to the visitors. Bookings of these cottages are solely in the hands of the state tourism department. The district administration has no plans to allocate any other chunk of land for building cottages to any other people or government or non government organisation.Therefore, it is clear that these websites, which claim to provide cottages to tourists, are misguiding people planning to pay a visit to the Sangam city during Kumbh Mela. The luring package deals and offers let out by people, organisations' and institutions behind these websites amounts to cheating with the tourists.Therefore, the tourism department has written to IG Police (Allahabad Zone) and SSP, Allahabad to register a case against these website owners under relevant sections of cyber crime act and Indian Penal Code.Director, tourism development institute, UP, Prof Manoj Dixit suggested that it is the responsibility of the tourist to verify details claimed in the tour package. \"They should always book packages from reliable agencies and operators. Sometimes the offers appear to be quite luring. But do not let the fancy deal steal your common sense,\" he said recommending verifying of all details from the UP tourism department's helpline number.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16802912", "title": "CMO of GB Nagar receives threat calls, alleges cop inaction", "text": "NOIDA: The chief medical officer of Gautam Budh Nagar district, Dr R K Garg, is said to receiving extortion calls for the past three days. A caller, who has allegedly identified himself Rakesh Bhati of the Amit Kasana gang, has told Garg to pay Rs 10 lakh as the \"protection money\" for himself and his family or be ready for death.Although police are yet to register a case, the chief medical officer (CMO) has been provided with security. Garg has, however, alleged police inaction and written to Uttar Pradesh chief minister Akhilesh Yadav .According to the CMO, he approached police after receiving the first call on Thursday.\"The first call came on October 11 at 4.15pm. I got three more calls the same day at 4.18pm, 4.23pm and 439pm. The caller threatened me and my family with dire consequences if I didn't pay up,\" said Garg. \"I kept on getting similar calls from the same telephone number in the evening of October 12 and again on the 13th morning.\"The last call on Saturday warned Garg not to take the matter lightly and expect serious consequences as he had gone to police. \"I have given all this information to police,\" Garg said.The GB Nagar police, which are yet to register a case, claim that the matter is under investigation. \"We were informed about the threat calls through a written complaint by the CMO and have put the cell phone number under surveillance,\" said G P Yadav, station officer, Sector 39 police station. \"We are investigating and have provided the CMO with a police escort,\" Yadav said.Besides the chief minister, Garg has also written to the principal secretary (health), the director general (law and order), and other senior police and administrative officials. \"Why are police taking so long to track the calls?\" asked a worried Garg. \"This is a personal threat to a government official and I expect immediate action. Police are taking took so long to track a phone number despite repeated calls coming from it,\" he added.Sources claimed that similar threats had been received by at least two other officials of the GB Nagar district administration. Police, however, refuted the claims and said they had not received any complaint from any other official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16803109", "title": "BCCI has its way: Deccan Chargers out", "text": "MUMBAI: In an amazing turn of events on Saturday, the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) went into an overdrive to terminate troubled IPL franchise Deccan Chargers and their efforts bore fruit as the Bombay high court overruled an arbitrator's ruling that DC's termination be stayed. \"With this order, the termination of DC stands,\" BCCI secretary Sanjay Jagdale communicated through a press release.It is clear now that the BCCI is not compelled to include the 2009 champions in IPL Season 6, said a lawyer representing the Board. But the Chargers, who on Friday had failed to meet the deadline set to raise the Rs 100 crore bank guarantee, thereby forcing the BCCI to terminate the franchise, were in no mood to go down quietly. A lawyer representing the troubled franchise said, \"It's not the end of the road just yet. It's only an interim order.\"The BCCI filed its appeal through advocate Viraj Maniar and pleading urgency, had it heard by Justice RD Dhanuka despite the court being on holiday. Board counsel Raju Subramaniam argued that the arbitrator had gone beyond his jurisdiction, an observation which the HC accepted even as DC counsel Zal Andhyarujina made every attempt not to have the stay overruled.Though there is no protection against the termination now for DC, there are two options that the Hyderabad franchise still has. It could take the matter to the Supreme Court or it could wait till Wednesday, October 17, when the BCCI appeal against the arbitrator's order will come up for a detailed hearing and argue that the stay was incorrect.The BCCI says DC are now fighting a losing battle. The HC, last month, had also appointed a sole arbitrator to go into the BCCI-DC dispute on the validity of the termination notice. The claims before the arbitrator have yet to be fixed. The options before DC now are: 1) Seek for its franchise status be restored and/or seek substantial damages from the BCCI; 2) Even if the arbitrator rules in favour of DC, would it be practical to bring them back or would compensation to DC be the only solution?Lawyers on both sides are not willing to spell out what may happen eventually, but the DC camp insists that there are still options.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16803640", "title": "Let residents have a say in governance", "text": "All Gurgaon citizens interested in and working for the welfare and development of the city have always secretly wished to have a say in the decisions concerning local development.The good news is that today, more than ever before, Gurgaon citizens have this opportunity. This opportunity is offered through the city's local government, the municipal corporation. The formation of the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) must therefore be welcomed heartily in spite of all the ills that citizens across the country have traditionally associated municipalities with.The Haryana Municipal Act 1973 has even incorporated an Act called \"The Haryana Municipal Citizens' Participation Act, 2008\" (Haryana Act No 35 of 2008). \"It is an Act relating to municipalities in the state of Haryana to institutionalize citizens' participation in municipal functions...\" This Act is said to be a direct outcome of the decision to notify Gurgaon as a municipal corporation and to enable citizen participation in urban local bodies.There are two levels at which citizens can directly participate. The first level is at the \"area sabha\". The second is at the \"ward committee\".In the Citizens' Participation Act 2008 (henceforth CPA-2008), \"an area sabha means, in relation to an area, the body of all the persons registered in the electoral rolls pertaining to every polling booth in that area of the municipality.\" Simply speaking, all citizens of a defined area who are registered as voters are, by default, members of the \"area sabha\". It is important therefore that these voter citizens come forward and formalize the formation of the \"area sabha\".Normally, the geographical limits of an \"area sabha\" is coterminous with the geographical limits of a ward but to the extent of a population of 10,000. Wards with more than 10,000 people may be sub-divided into two area sabhas or more proportionate to the population.The area sabha is expected to perform and discharge a number of functions and duties (some of which RWAs are doing on a small scale).Since area sabhas are mandated by municipal law, they also have rights and powers such as to get information from officials concerning services for the area, to impart awareness on matters of public interest, to promote harmony and unity and arrange cultural festivals, etc.The second opportunity for participation is at the ward committee level. This committee is headed by the elected councillor of that ward as member Chairperson of the Ward Committee.The other members - not less than three and not more than 10 persons representing the 'civic society' as area sabha representatives - are nominated by the municipality. \"Civic society\" means any non-government organization, or association of persons established, constituted, or registered under any law...and working for social welfare.\" It includes a range of registered bodies.Opportunities to participate in governance decisions also exist in the \"Ward Information and Statistics Committee,\" a sub-committee of the ward committee. Ward committees have tremendous powers in local governance and development decisions. Seats are also reserved for women and other scheduled categories.By using these opportunities, citizen participation can actually improve the performance and accountability of our municipalities. That should be the most important cause for active participation by concerned citizens, if not any other.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16803472", "title": "If I'm of no use, why should I stay?", "text": "BANGALORE: As Bangalore University's vice-chancellor N Prabhu Dev gets ready to move on, he tells STOI about how was made the target, his regrets, dreams, and ideas of new forms of examinations. Excerpts:So you have finally submitted your resignation...Who said so? I have indicated my willingness to take up the other post. It might happen over a couple of days. There are some formalities; it depends upon whether I have to hand over the charge or whether I am directed to hand over the charge. If I'm handing over the charge, it can directly go to the senior most dean. All these things have to be sorted out. It will be a smooth process.Why have you decided to go for the new post?For the last 10 months, there has been an onslaught against me. It was a series of half-truths and white lies. I was fed up. I was not able to give anything substantial to the university in the past two months. When I'm of no use to the university, why should I be there? I should look at new opportunities where I can contribute. There is a lot of scope.Do you feel you have been pushed out of your post?Yes. It has been the registrar's onslaught.What is the basic reason for this animosity between you and the registrar?I don't have any fights with anyone. When the registrar does something irregular, I will put my foot down and not allow it. The conflicts began then and the press has mostly been with him.So, it looks like you have lost the battle?Yes. But if I had wanted, I could have continued. But what is the point? It serves no purpose to me, the university and society.But, even before Mylarappa took over the registrar's post, there was a general feeling of hatred against you in the varsity...It was a created animosity by vested interests who wanted to occupy the post.What more did you want to do in the varsity?I had a lot more ideas for the varsity. The Bangalore School of Economics, School of Communication and School of Commerce were so close to my heart. They are my biggest regrets. I wanted to do more exams. I had plans to introduce the concept of exam on call-whenever a student is ready he can call for an exam. With this the waiting period for PGS would have reduced. I wanted to get autonomy for UVCE, to have a law college on the lines of NLSIU and get online evaluation. We were once number 9 in a survey. I was targeting No. 5. But in the virtual anarchy there was hardly anything that I could do.You're happy you're back in health?Yes, in a way, I am. I have a lot of plans for it. Just like RTE, we should have Right to Healthcare. I have a passion for a longevity institute that looks at age-related science. We have to look at medical education. We need 6 lakh doctors and we are producing only 39,000 every year. We have to focus on laws of organ donation. These are only a few of the areas I am looking at.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16803914", "title": "Taxi for Puja parikrama just a call away", "text": "KOLKATA: You can now stop brooding over not having a car to visit the puja pandals. Here comes a package from the Bengal Taxi Association (BTA) to solve your problem. Just type in 24753505/24742249 and book a date, a cab will be at your doorstep to take you round the city on any puja day.But you have to be a little patient because booking will start on October 16. The association has planned this innovative service to make cabs easily available 24X7 during the pujas, from Shasti to Dashami. The phone lines will remain operational from 11am to 5pm.Charges for a taxi have been fixed Rs 220 an hour and it has to be hired for a minimum of four hours. A taxi will accommodate only five passengers.\"We will offer 10% discount for senior citizens and disabled passengers. Services like mineral water and free emergency calls will be provided. The taxi driver will also carry a card where customers will write their comments. If they are not satisfied with the service or the driver has misbehaved with them, they can mention it in the card and we will take action against the driver and make him refund the charges,\" said BTA secretary Bimal Guha.The service, however, will not be valid for pandals in the fringes. Apart from south Kolkata, North Kolkata and Central Kolkata, the service will be available for Salt Lake and VIP Road. Once you are through with your puja parikrama, the cabbie will drop you home.\"We are talking to puja organisers to disburse VIP entry card for senior citizens and people with disabilities. Talks are also on with police to allow parking for these taxis,\" added Guha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "chitradurga", "code": "16804500", "title": "Villagers demand compensation for dead mine worker", "text": "CHITRADURGA: Residents of Vaddara Siddavvanahally in Chitradurga taluk protested against the utter negligence of BBH mines which they alleged caused the death of a worker on Friday. G S Manjunath from Bhimasamudra said a worker named Ashoka, 22, was engaged in loading ore at a dumping yard near Palya on Thursday night, when another goods vehicle hit him from behind and ran over him, killing him on the spot instantly.Shockingly, the incident came to light only on Friday morning when the loading work resumed. Criticizing the management for its negligence and for not compensating the victim's family, the residents staged a protest by placing the body on the railway track. MP Janardhana Swamy and Manjunath held discussions with the kin of the deceased and the management.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16804125", "title": "Vendors in a fix as Spanco yet to deposit TDS", "text": "NAGPUR: Spanco, which is now a minor partner in city's power franchisee business following its failure to pay MSEDCL's dues, has got embroiled in yet another controversy. The vendors, who are already agitated over arbitrary deduction in their payments, are now fuming over the fact that Spanco has failed to deposit the tax deducted at source (TDS) amount in their Income Tax (IT) accounts. Many vendors could not file the returns for 2011-12 due to this lapse on part of Spanco.A vendor said that Spanco was the franchisee from May 2011 to September 2011. \"Despite assurances from company's officials, TDS amount pertaining to this period has not been deposited and we have not been issued certificates. The last date for filing returns was September 30,\" he rued.The vendor added that from third quarter of 2011-12, Spanco's subsidiary SNDL became the franchisee. \"Our TDS amounts from third quarter onwards have been deposited,\" he told TOI.A senior Spanco official said, \"Reconciled and verified bills have been cleared with due taxes. Some invoices and amounts, which are under dispute, are being settled mutually with due compliance.\"However, owner of one of the firms that managed Soanco's network thrashed this contention. \"The TDS amounts for first two quarters of 2011-12 have not been deposited. The amounts pertaining to later quarters have been deposited. In fact, more bills of the first two quarters have been cleared, while those pertaining to later quarters are largely unpaid. So this explanation does not hold any ground.\"The vendors have other grudges as well. \"None of us has got full payment so far. We have not been issued even bills. We don't know on what basis our payment has been calculated. Spanco is practically exiting from the business and if it doesn't issue the bills immediately, we fear that we will be fleeced by the company. Many contractors have been forced to give huge discounts. Many have been levied huge penalties,\" another vendor told TOI.Slamming MSEDCL, the vendor said it had chosen a wrong company for such a crucial job. \"Other than failing to clear its (MSEDCL's) dues, Spanco failed to execute the gaothan feeder separation and R-APDRP projects in the state properly. Punjab's power distributor PSPCL has started the process for terminating the Rs350 crore contract given to Spanco for online billing,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16805286", "title": "Organizers happy as coin expo gathers crowd", "text": "KANPUR:Those who are interested in numismatics and love to have their collection of rare coins, currency notes and stamps, the 'Maha Mudra Mahotsava', a coin and currency exhibition of UP Numismatic society is an opportunity one should not miss. This three-day exhibition will also continue on Sunday where Kanpurites can enhance their coin and currency collection.The city people enjoyed the rare numismatic treat to its fullest on day two of coin and currency expo.As per the data provided by the organizers, as many as 1700 people thronged the exhibition on Saturday. The crowd is expected to increase on Sunday being it a holiday.The influx gave a brisk business to the organizers as well as to the numismatics who visited the place from all across the state.There are nearly 40 stalls in the exhibition from Pune, Ahmedabad, Mumbai, Nagpur, Indore, Kolkata and Nashik based on different themes such as coins, currency, stamps, jewellery, Sultanate, modern coinage and many more.Enthusiasts here can see the exhibits of rare coins, stamps and jewellery.Apart from medieval period coins, gold and silver currency was also sold on much high rates in the expo. Even the latest civilized coins are in demand due to their specification and special series.Have your specialised birthday note:Everyone is fascinated to have special notes and currency. What if you get a note of your birth date, anniversary, car or bike number? Those who do not want to miss this opportunity must visit the coin and currency expo. Here, Nikhil Parekh B'day Note stall will serve your purpose.Inspired by a numismatic, Nikhil from Mumbai developed the collection of currency note since childhood. It was in his early teenage, he made his hobby, a passion.This man is having thousands of notes from rupee 1, 2, 5, 10, 50 and 100 with special series and numbers. He can get you your B'day, anniversary, car, bike number note within seconds.Apart from these dated notes, Nikhil also have a collection of Sachin Century notes displaying each DD/MM/YY when Sachin has made a century. A special series of number 786, 000, 101, to 999 is also a part of his collection.Raghav, borne on 19 April, 2006 got his B'day note displaying the number 190406 while Shashi and Mayank having their anniversary on 06 June,1988 got their anniversary note depicting the days 060688.Here the notes of one, two and five rupee with any fancy number costs anywhere from 300 to 500 rupees. The 10 rupee note with special numbers is available at rupee 100. The 100 and 50 rupee note with special numbers can be availed at 400 and 300 rupees respectively.\"This stall witnessed maximum influx till now. The people are excited about getting special notes displaying their B'day and anniversary. People are also giving me orders for sending special notes at their homes,\" said Nikhil, the stall owner.Gold-plated playing cards for Kanpurites: Card parties on Diwali were all about having fun on holidays earlier, but now these card parties have become a trend amongst the Kanpurites. For those who want to increase the price tag of their Diwali card-party, the Raj Notes and Coin Centre from Navsari is the best place for them.These collectors and sellers of some rare currency and coins have introduced 'gold plated' playing cards to make this Diwali more enjoyable.These gold-plated playing cards will surely add the big sparkle to teen-patti bashes this festive season.Priced at rupees 1200 to 1500 per deck, the golden faces playing cards, are apparently flying off the shelves. These cards are very exclusive, and these are mostly being imported to markets like UK and Europe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16802747", "title": "No ban on new LPG connections, clarify oil companies", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amid public scare of a cooking gas shortage ahead of the festive season, state-run fuel retailers on Saturday launched a mass contact programme to say there is no ban on new connection and consumers would get at least three subsidized cylinders in the remaining part of the current fiscal, or March 31, 2013.Executives of market leader IndianOil Corporation and Hindustan Petroleum said the new connections are being issued after due verification of identity and address proofs. This is being done to prevent multiple connections to same consumer or at the same address that can be used to skirt the six-cylinder cap on the number of subsidized cylinders in a year.The executives said new connections were being released after receiving Know Your Customer (KYC) forms and multiple connection check. The retailers are carrying out a nationwide exercise to eliminate users with multiple connections at the same address.On the number of subsidized cylinders available to consumers till March, 2013, the executives said there is no cap or limitation on the number of non-subsidized cylinders consumers can buy after exhausting the cap of six subsidized cylinders a year.Now, a subsidized cylinder in Delhi costs Rs 410, against Rs 921 for each non-subsidized, non-commercial cylinder of 14.2 kg. The executives said there was sufficient availability of both subsidized and non-subsidized LPG cylinders to meet requirements during the ensuing festive season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16804199", "title": "Engineering student held for threat to Member of Parliament", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Mayurbhanj MP Laxman Tudu is a relieved man. It was not Maoists, but an engineering student, who had given him sleepless nights by posing as an extremist and demanding Rs 10 lakh as 'protection money'.After Tudu lodged a complaint with police on Wednesday stating that he was getting threat calls from an unknown person claiming to be Maoist, police swung into action and traced the calls to an third year B Tech student, Premanshu Mohapatra, of a private engineering college in Mayurbhanj.Police said three persons have been arrested in connection with the threat calls. While Hiralal Senapati, who works as a technician with a private company, was nabbed for supplying benami SIM to Mohapatra, another person, Sushant Pradhan, of Cuttack has been apprehended for making a call to the MP, police added.\"Mohapatra and Senapati studied together at an ITI, but it appears Pradhan is not connected to them,\" Mayurbhanj SP Kavita Jalan told TOI. Investigations have revealed that Mohapatra had made the calls from a SIM procured by submitting fake documents through Senapati, Jalan said, adding, he was possibly trying to get easy money.Tudu, who is also Mayurbhanj district president of the ruling BJD, had in an FIR at Chandua police station said he first received a threat call on October 4 where the caller demanded Rs 10 lakh from him. \"I am happy the culprits have been arrested. I was at a loss to understand why anyone, including the Maoists, would target me. I am now quite relieved,\" Tudu told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16803816", "title": "Probe Salman Khurshid's Goa assets: IAC", "text": "IAC Goa supports the demand by Arvind Kejriwal to place Union Law Minister Salman Khurshid and his wife Louise Khurshid under arrest until an impartial probe into financial irregularities of the Zakir Hussain Trust is completed. IAC Goa has demanded that Khurshid explain what appears to be gross undervaluing of his properties in Goa, including two apartments purchased at a resort in Gauravaddo, Calangute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16804842", "title": "Worker falls in Vatva GIDC tank, chokes to death", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A man died of asphyxiation after he entered a storage vessel at a Vatva GIDC unit on Thursday afternoon. Vatva GIDC police have registered a case of accidental death and have started investigation whether the incident was caused by negligence.Ahmedabad Fire and Emergency Services (AFES) officials said they had got a call for rescue at 3.45 pm on Thursday from Associate Dye Stock Ltd, a unit in Vatva GIDC's phase I. A worker who was cleaning a container fell unconscious and fell into the tank.The victim, identified as Bablu Sharma, 43, a resident of Vatva, was brought out dead from the container. \"The deceased was not wearing any safety equipments or oxygen mask. We believe he had died due to asphyxiation. The company officials told us that the cleaning contract was given to Omkar Security and Labour Services and Sharma was working with the firm,\" said Rajesh Bhatt, additional chief fire officer, AFES.It has been a third death in the last 10 days as earlier two workers had died at a unit due to asphyxiation. \"Many a times, the labour contractors leave it to fate as they are not provided with standard safety equipments. The contractors source the outdated tools and equipments from scrap markets such as Alang which prove fatal,\" said a senior AFES official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16803196", "title": "Four arrested for robbery", "text": "NEW DELHI: Four people of Bitto Chikna gang have been arrested, police said on Saturday.\"The four criminals \u2014 Bittoo alias Kausar alias Chikna, Sahadat Ali, Murshied alias Mursalim and Mukesh \u2014 are all residents of Jahangirpuri and were arrested on Wednesday after policxe got a tip- off that they would be coming to Mukherjee Nagar to sell some stolen goods in Kingsway Camp,\" DCP (north west district) P Karunakaran said. The accused told polioce that Chikna, alongwith his associates, broke into two flats in Sarita Vihar and stole jewellery, two laptops and Rs 20,000 in cash, the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16803357", "title": "Year on, projects stuck for National Monuments Authority nod", "text": "NEW DELHI: Almost a year after the establishment of National Monuments Authority (NMA), major infrastructure projects like the multilevel parking at K G Marg and Delhi Metro's Red Fort line are still waiting for clearance from ASI's watchdog. The Authority, which claims to have approved hundreds of applications till date, says that clearance of bigger projects will require more time as the overall impact has to be taken into consideration.Till August end, the Authority received 365 applications pertaining to Delhi, of which (No-Objection Certificates) NOCs were granted in 302 cases. While 20 applications were sent back for addition of more information, a decision is yet to be heard in 44 cases. Infrastructure projects that have received a green signal include expansion plans for Kamal Nehru College, SRCC and NIFT. \"An NOC has also been granted to Northern Railways for building a new bridge near Salimgarh. The heritage impact assessment report was submitted to us and a final call was taken some months ago,\" said an official.Mandated by the amended ASI Act, Delhi Metro and NDMC are also required to submit similar reports. \"NDMC informed us that it has approached INTACH to prepare a heritage impact assessment report but INTACH said it was not required as the body was already formulating heritage bylaws. We are examining NDMC's request. Delhi Metro, meanwhile, is yet to approach us,\" said a senior NMA official.A number of other requests pertaining to constructions beyond the 300m protected zone are also being cleared by the competent authority. \"We are launching a new website for people who wish to obtain NOCs. The website, which is undergoing a trial run at present and is likely to be functional soon, will help people keep track of their requests without having to visit NMA,\" said an official.Meanwhile, INTACH is preparing heritage bylaws for all protected monuments and the task is expected to be completed by 2014. \"Once the bylaws are in place, someone who wishes to undergo construction work in protected areas will find it easier to obtain NOCs.,\" said officials.Nationally, NMA has received 1,250 applications seeking NOCs for construction work near protected monuments, of which 800 applications have been extensively discussed in meetings. Out of the applications discussed, 580 have been recommended for NOCs, 14 have been rejected and 250 are still pending before the panel. Forty applications have been sent back as they talk of construction within 100m of protected monuments, which is not allowed under the amended ASI Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16804525", "title": "Oct 16 deadline for voluntary demolitions", "text": "VARANASI: Satisfied with the progress in voluntary demolition of illegal portions by owners of buildings falling within 200 metre radius of Ganga's bank, the Varanasi Development Authority (VDA) has set Tuesday as the deadline for completion of the exercise.\"Despite a holiday on behalf of second Saturday, the VDA offices remained open just to review the progress in demolition of the illegal portions of the buildings in view of the Allahabad High Court order,\" VDA vice chairman VK Singh told TOI on Saturday. He said out of the 16 buildings which had been issued notices, two building owners had got stay orders against the demolition.Out of the remaining 14 buildings, demolition of illegal portions has been completed at two buildings while more than it was 60% complete at 11 others. The demolition at one building has not been started as its ownership has changed in the recent past. The new owner was unaware of the VDA notice as it was issued in the name of the previous owner, said Singh, adding that the new owner had assured them that he would begin the demolition works from Saturday.The demolition works are taking place in view of the HC order that had been issued in a public interest litigation (PIL) filed by Kautilya Society. The HC on July 27 had sought demolition of at least those illegal constructions that had already been identified on the ghats along river Ganga after the date of issuance of government order in this regard. In view of this order, the VDA launched a three-day drive on September 10 but strong protests by traders, local residents and politicians compelled it to postpone the drive. The agency made a similar bid on September 19 but similar resistance forced VDA officials to return. The officials reported all these matters to the HC with its affidavit on September 24.As the HC took this failure of VDA seriously and asked it to ensure compliance of its orders by October 29, not only the agency but even the district administration and police showed promptness this time. The district magistrate Saurabh Babu and SSP BD Paulson sought the schedule of demolition drive from VDA and on the eve of its launching, the officials made it very clear that any bid to stop the drive for the compliance of HC order would be dealt with strictly.The strict attitude adopted by the government machinery made the building owners realize that they have no option other than demolish the illegally constructed portions of their buildings. On the assurance given by most of these building owners of demolishing the illegal portions voluntarily, the VDA on October 10 gave them two days' time for the same.As the progress in the work was satisfactory, the VDA gave more time to the building owners. Singh said that one building owner at Assi area did not take the VDA order seriously due to which bulldozers were engaged to demolish the construction.He said all the zonal officers had been directed to visit all the demolition sites daily, maintain their dairy and also report the progress at the police stations concerned. The final review would be done on Tuesday, added Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16802430", "title": "Newspaper editor shoots worker dead in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: An employee of the Marathi daily Deshonnati, which is a leading language paper in the region, died after being shot by its editor-in-chief and owner Prakash Pohare at 5.15pm on Saturday. Rajendra Dupare, a security guard at the paper's printing press unit at Gondkhairi, in the outskirts of the city, and other employees were having a meeting with Pohare when the gruesome incident took place.Some of the employees had suddenly been asked to quit by Pohare. It resulted in the printing press being shut down since the last month. The paper was being printed in another press. The striking employees were trying to work out a deal with Pohare, who had arrived for the meeting with 5 private security guards, including a gunman.A scuffle ensued following which Pohare allegedly shot Dupare in the stomach. The security guard died after being brought to the Government Medical College and Hospital in the city.While the enraged workers alleged that Pohare snatched the gun and fired at Dupare, the editor claimed that he was at least 100 feet away when the incident took place. Police, however, has booked Pohare for murder.So far, Kalmeshwar police have arrested gunman Harikrishna Dwivedi who is believed to have been in an inebriated condition. Pohare, who fled the scene, is still at large. Outraged by the incident, Deshonnati workers gathered at GMCH and raised slogans for the immediate arrest of Pohare.According to the employees, around 205 people work at the Deshonnati printing press. Since the last few months, they have been protesting for non-payment of salaries. On September 7, the workers found the printing press shutter closed. Fearing loss of jobs, they staged a protest in front of the printing unit.On Saturday morning, before staging the protest, the employees even submitted a letter to the cops claiming that Pohare has \"threatened\" them for protesting and would take \"harsh action\". \"Since he threatened us, we informed the police,\" said one of the workers.On Saturday evening around 5pm, Kalmeshwar police inspector S Maitre visited the press. Finding everything to be in order, he left. The firing took place 20 minutes after Maitre returned to the police station.\"Pohare asked Dupare to leave as he had been paid his salary. Later, the security guards too threatened Dupare. We tried to help him and during the tiff Pohare ordered the gunman to fire, which he did while pointing to the ground. Pohare then took the weapon and shot Dupare,\" said Kamlakar Belekar, an eyewitness and a colleague of Dupare.Rural SP Manoj Sharma said that the shot was fired from a 12 bore rifle. \"Prima facie it's clear that two rounds have been fired. We are investigating whether the rounds were fired by Dwivedi or Pohare,\" he said.\"I heard the shot being fired and fled from the spot. I immediately informed Manoj Sharma who asked me to leave the scene immediately,\" said Pohare.Pohare started Deshonnati in Akola in 1986. The paper is being published from Nagpur since the last 10 years. Known for taking up the case of farmer welfare, Pohare also runs a bank ( Nishant Multi-State Co-operative Bank) and a cable network (Nishant Satellite Communications Network). He was earlier the general secretary of cotton growers' association. A couple of years ago, Pohare was alleged to have abetted the suicide of Deshonnati city reporter Manoj Padmagiri who claimed harassment from the editor in his personal notes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16804940", "title": "Thieves tear condom vending machines off walls", "text": "LUDHIANA: A measure to promote safe sex in the city has hit an unexpected roadblock. Of the 70 condom vending machines installed in various parts of Ludhiana four months ago, 30 have been stolen. And the plunder does not end there. Miscreants have been using counterfeit coins to get packs of condoms for free.A condom social marketing agency in Ludhiana had installed 70 vending machines about four months as part of a project funded by National Aids Control Organization (NACO) in various parts of the city, including Transport Nagar, Book Market, Suhani Building, Jalandhar Bypass, Railway Station, Sherpur and Samrala Chowk. Each costing about Rs 3,000, the machines were mainly outside public toilets, dhabas, hospitals and clinics. Anybody could get a three-condom pack by putting a Rs 5-coin in the slot.Paramjeet Singh, the programme officer of the agency, said they recovered iron coins from the machines that were used by people to steal condoms. \"When some of these machines became non-functional, we opened them up for repairs and found these fake coins resembling Rs 5. Also, 30 of the machines have been stolen and this may be the handiwork of drug addicts who sell the metal as scrap to buy narcotics. We cannot get a case registered as we don't know the people behind the theft.\"Talking about the response to the project, he added, \"We refill 28 packets in a machine in 15 days but given the good response we are hiring more staff to replenish stock after 10 days.\" Stating that deputing a security guard near every machine would push up the operation cost considerably, Paramjeet said, \"However, we have seen that such thefts are less in number from machines installed at 'dhabas', so we will put them up at these points\".Dr Uggar Singh, the district programme officer of HIV/AIDS, said: \"It's unfortunate that some miscreants are stealing condoms from these machines. They have been installed to promote safe sex and such crimes hamper the efforts to check the spread of HIV/AIDS.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16805174", "title": "Night clubs start making preparations for Puja", "text": "KOLKATA: The Excise department notification extending the curfew hour has come as a shot of life for the city's moribund nightlife. Nightclubs can again look forward to keeping the music grooving and liquor flowing till 1am all year round. Better still, the closure hour will be extended to 2am during this festive season that continues till New Year's Day.The Park that has three popular hotspots \u2014 Tantra, Roxy and Someplace Else \u2014 welcomed the closing time extension as a positive step. \"It will definitely help in growth of tourism, improve employment and bring entertainment back to the city,\" the spokesperson said. Shisha senior manager (operations) Ritesh Shrivastava flashed a broad smile when asked about the golden hour. \"The fee is steep, but at least we can get back to business. Initially , we will operate on Wednesdays, Fridays and Saturdays. If our revenue is decent, we will stay open longer on the other days too,\" said Shrivastava.Pradip Shah, a 22-year-old engineering student who loved the party scene at night clubs in Kolkata till police imposed the Cinderella-hour curfew and brought the nightlife to an abrupt halt in February, is delighted to be able to again jive late. \"This is great news for party-hoppers like us. I don't mind shelling out extra for drinks after 11pm as that's the time I really love to unwind. People should have a choice, even if that means paying a premium. I am glad that we are returning to normal life,\" said Shah.Choreographer Sayani Ghosh is excited as well. For her, partying has always meant dancing into the night till the police played party-pooper earlier this year. \"In Kolkata, the party begins after 11pm. So with a midnight deadline , there weren't any parties for months. I am glad the fun will be back,\" she said.Underground manager Subhasish Ghosh sure is glad to have the likes of Sayani back and is not wasting a day to swing back into the old groove. Since March, footfall at this popular discotheque in Hotel Hindustan International had dropped bya staggering 70%. There were real concerns about the viability of running the nightclub till the Excise notification arrived as a breather.\"I can't express how relieved we are. People have been calling up the entire day and are very enthusiastic about hitting the floor. We have not been able to organize any good event because of the early closure. International DJs shied away from the party scene. I hope we will be able to get the crowd back,\" he said.Ghosh may be extremely upbeat but Bunty Sethi who owns Venom and Akshay Gambhir, vice-president of Basement and Shimmers, are extremely cautious and fear the high license fee may be a spoilsport. \"The late hour will definitely do wonders to footfall but having to pay five-times the amount we paid earlier is not encouraging,\" said Sethi, who plans to reopen Venom next month. \"Everyone welcomes the extended hour as business had taken a hit. But the fee is way too high for nightclubs like ours. I am not sure how we are going to make money after paying so much?\" said Gambhir.Kirti Loonia, finance manager of Soho, is treading with extreme caution and plans to stay open late on just Fridays and Saturdays. \"If we pay the fee for three days, we will incur an additional outgo of Rs 80,000-1 ,00,000 a month. The late closure may be good news for party-hoppers but we have to manage our finances,\" said Loonia.Party-goers though, aren't worried yet and are just glad to be back in circuit. \"My work gets over at 11pm. I can party only after that. The early shutdown meant that I led a very dull life these past few months. I am glad to be able to finally party my heart out,\" said 29-year-old entrepreneur Avanti Murarka Jhunjhunwala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16803073", "title": "Chennai astrologer pulls temple elephant\u2019s tail, pays with his life", "text": "CHENNAI: A 33-year-old astrologer died after he was attacked by an elephant at a temple in Pattabiram, around 30km from here, on Friday evening. Eyewitnesses said the man was attacked after he tried to pull the jumbo's tail.Ganesan visited the Perumalsamy temple where the 28-year-old female elephant, brought from Srirangam, was blessing devotees gathered for a festival. Ganesan suddenly tried to pull its tail. The furious elephant turned around and hit him on the chest with its trunk, police said quoting eyewitnesses.Ganesan fainted and other devotees gave him water. He regained consciousness and went home. Later in the night, he complained of chest pain and was rushed to a private hospital where he was declared dead on arrival.The body was sent for postmortem and handed over to the family on Saturday. Ganesan is survived by his wife, two sons and two daughters.Temple sources said the 28-year-old female elephant, brought from Trichy, was a quiet and timid animal that never attacked anyone. There was a large crowd and the elephant was tired after standing in the same place for long, they said. When Ganesan pulled its tail, the incensed animal slammed him on his chest. It did not attack anyone else and remained calm, the sources said.According to a senior official of the Hindu Religious and Charitable Endowments (HR&CE;) department, which maintains more than 30,000 temples across the state, the elephant belonged to an individual in Srirangam and was not brought from any temple there.Under the rules, elephants from temples run by the HR&CE; department are not allowed to be taken to another temple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16803269", "title": "Chief Minister\u2019s Office behind Vanpic land fraud: MGVK Bhanu", "text": "HYDERABAD: The entire process of land acquisition for the Vadrarevu and Nizampatnam Ports and Industrial Corridor (Vanpic) in Prakasam and Guntur districts was done under extreme pressure from the Chief Minister's Office (CMO) and Y S Rajasekhara Reddy's special secretary MGVK Bhanu played a 'bulldozing' role in the entire land acquisition process, said former Prakasam collector Kantiraj Devanand.In his deposition to the CBI, which is probing the Vanpic case, Devanand, a 1995 batch conferred IAS officer and currently small savings commissioner, said: \"I would like to emphasise that the entire process of land acquisition and alienation of land in favour of Vanpic ports Pvt Ltd/Vanpic Projects Pvt Ltd has been done under extreme pressure from the CMO. As a senior officer with long experience in government, I have never come across this type of pressure in the execution of a private project. The honourable chief minister (YSR) in his very first meeting on the subject on 29.06.2008 had prescribed highly restrictive timelines and strictly ordered for adherence of the same. Though senior officers including the CCLA were present in the meeting, nobody tried to point out the abnormal deadlines. The honourable chief minister also insisted that representatives of Vapic have to be associated in all the activities,\" Devanand's deposition statement says.The CBI had recently filed its chargesheet in the Vanpic part of Jagan assets case stating that the cabinet was kept in the dark about the fact that as much as 24,000 acres were proposed to be acquired for the industrial corridor in addition to the 4,000 acres meant for the ports. Former minister Mopidevi Venkataramana has been arrested in the Vanpic case and is currently lodged in Chanchalguda Jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "pune ", "code": "16808778", "title": "Court reserves order on approver's appeal", "text": "PUNE : The court of principal district and sessions judge Anant Badar has reserved its order till October 16 on a plea filed by the accused-turned-approver Rajesh Chaudhary to make him a co-suspect in the rape and murder of software engineer Nayan, a Pujari.Chaudhary in his plea on July 6 had alleged that the police had forced him to become an approver in the case. His confessional statement recorded earlier was prepared by the police and the police forced him to record it in the court, the plea had said.Chaudhary had said the police lured him into doing so by taking advantage of his financial condition.Quoting section 308 (trial of person not complying with conditions of pardon) of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC), special public prosecutor Harshad Nimbalkar on September 26 had told the court that the state government or the prosecution can issue a certificate to the court stating that Chaudhary had breached the conditions of pardon. The judge can then withdraw the pardon only after the accused is examined before the court, he had said.Pujari (28), a software engineer, was kidnapped from outside her office in Kharadi by four people on October 7, 2009. Her body was found the next day in the Zarewadi forest, about 50 km from here. The city crime branch had arrested Yogesh Raut, the main suspect, Mahesh Thakur, Vishwas Kadam and Chaudhary for their involvement in the heinous crime.However, Raut managed to escape from police custody when he was taken to the Sassoon hospital on September 17, 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16803692", "title": "Builders got Rs 10.30 cr litres of treated water, says HUDA", "text": "GURGAON: In the past 16 days, the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) has supplied over 10.30 crore litres of treated water from two sewage treatment plants (STPs) to builders and residents for construction sites in Gurgaon.The district administration held a meeting to take stock of the treated water supply arrangements made by HUDA for builders in 8Gurgaon. The district administration has formed a committee to take action against the builders found using borewells for construction activity.\"HUDA is adequately supplying treated water from STPs for construction purposes. The capacity is likely to be increased in a phased manner to ensure that housing projects get enough water,\" said a senior district administration official.After the relevant Punjab and Haryana high court order came into effect, the district administration and HUDA planned to supply treated water from the STPs. Till the first week of October HUDA had supplied 10.30 crore litres to different builders in the city.A senior HUDA official said, ,\"The supply of the treated water is likely to go up this month. The builders are also getting drinking water for construction workers.\" The HUDA is keeping track of the water supplied for construction and drinking purposes to builders.The HUDA officials also claimed that because of treated water supply, a huge quantity of groundwater is substantially saved on a daily basis.HUDA is first asking for the undertaking from the builders for not using borewells at the sites. Initially, the builders were reluctant to use STP water but now they are also exploring the possibility of using their own STPs. \"The builders can do this and for this they will have to get necessary certification from HUDA. There are a few builders, who have opted for their own STPs in addition to HUDA's STPs,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16805135", "title": "SGNP slum rehabilitation first phase to be completed in November", "text": "MUMBAI: The first phase of relocation and rehabilitation of slumdwellers of the Sanjay Gandhi National Park, Borivli, will be completed next month. Five years after the government undertook the shifting of the slum-dwellers following a Bombay high court order, it will have shifted 11,500 slum-dwellers . \"The last 1,600 families of the first phase have already been given the keys to their homes at Chandivali. They have been given a month to move out. On November 1, we shall begin demolition of their huts if they have not already done so,'' said Sunil Limaye, chief conservator of forests, SGNP. The dwellings are spread over Dahisar, Kandivli, Malad and Mulund.Another 13,000 people still remain to be relocated. \"It is the Slum Rehabilitation Authority that has been providing the flats to eligible slum-dwellers . For the remaining they have promised to give flats either at Chandivali or at Mankhurd. The SRA has indicated that these will be completed by 2013,'' he said.On November 1, the forest department will not only demolish the huts of those relocated but also take up the construction of the boundary wall as ordered by the high court. \"So far we have completed 26km and another 14km remain to be completed . Wherever we demolish the huts we are taking up the boundary wall construction. The presence of huts is a hurdle in completing the task,'' he said. Last year, CM Prithviraj Chavan had stayed the construction of two approved 25-storey buildings at Chandivali to rehabilitate slumdwellers after the Nivara Hakk Suraksha Samiti led by actor and former MP Shabana Azmi brought to his notice the inhuman conditions in which the relocated slum-dwellers lived. Though the present buildings are seven-storey high, nonworking lifts and poor water supply has meant that school children have to make several trips to take water to their high-rise homes.Civic activist and architect P K Das pointed out how distortion of the original plans was resulting in slum-like conditions in their new dwelling places with open spaces encroached upon, promised amenities not being provided and poor quality of construction making the flats non-habitable . Das said Nivara Hakk had demanded an inquiry into how such high-rises were being allowed for slum rehabilitation and the chief minister had agreed to it. \"We want public participation as was done initially in Phase-I so that homes are properly designed, public amenities provided and to ensure quality,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "surat ", "code": "16808252", "title": "Will Navratri celebrations be without political flavor this year?", "text": "SURAT : With election code of conduct coming in force and election commission declaring Garba during Navratri, a religious celebration, many organizers are a worried lot.Many feel and claim that in Gujarat and especially in Surat , festival of Navratri is the biggest social celebration of the year . Irrespective of caste, creed and religion people gather at places to dance and ravel . Even before the festival begins on October 16 , 2012, many are ruing the fact that elections are already announced.\"We could not get a particular sponsor due to announcement of elections.\" Said an organizer, meaning a particular political party. \"Now we are worried that Income tax department along with police might create unnecessary problems .\" he added. \" What does celebration of Navratri got to do with election?\" asked 31 year old housewife Hemaxi Patel, of Athwalines.\" We go to Garba , to dance and play , to enjoy ourselves , not to listen to any political sermon .\" she added. \" I know so many of my friends from other religion , who play non-stop Garba with us for nine nights.\" Said Hemal Desai. \" For us it is a social event in which every one of all age group gets togather to dance and make merry. So I don't think calling Navratri a religious celebration is a right thing .It is the biggest uniting factor for people of the city from different religions .\" he added \" When we say Navratri is a religious function, we mean that no one must use this platform for political purpose .\" said Collector JP Shivhare . \" We can't allow political personalities , using this occasion to propagate their political ideology.\" He added. In the model code of conduct announced by election commission for the upcoming state assembly elections scheduled to be held on December 13 in South Gujarat , it is made clear that no political figures would be allowed to sit on dais and even attend private functions of celebrations in political capacity.\"If some one invites us we will certainly go and attend those Garba functions . What's wrong in going and meeting people ?\" said Ashok Jirawala , president Surat city Congress. \" Every political party worker is also a part of the society and how can we stop them from participating in the social festivals like Navratri,\"said Purnesh Modi, President City BJP.BJP used to organize large scale Garba festival in the city till 2010 . They stopped that and started organizing Sheri Garba since then.\"Navratri is the time to meet people and communicate . As we have been doing in past two years we will make sure that we reach every big or small Garba venue in these nine days and make our presence felt. We have been asked not to propagate politics , we are not told to keep away from people .\" he added. \"Every political party is briefed about the election code of conduct and we expect every one will stick to the practices ideal for the city,\" Said Shivhare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16804291", "title": "Bhubaneswar Development Authority to tighten noose on building norm violators", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: To boost planned growth of the city, the Bhubaneswar Development Authority (BDA) is finally gearing up to take stringent action against unauthorized development.Widely perceived to be rather liberal against violators of building norms, the agency is contemplating demolition of unauthorized constructions including many multi-storied structures. The agency would soon procure sophisticated equipment to equip its demolition squad better.\"The BDA is planning to purchase some precise building cutters. These are needed because portions of buildings have to be chopped up in many cases without harming the entire structure. Enforcement of norms will be more strictly followed,\" said BDA secretary Srikant Kabi.He said demolition is like a \"death sentence\" which has to be issued only when there are gross violations. However, some buildings have to be demolished to ensure planned development, he stressed.The BDA enforcement squad last year got 10 policemen from the Odisha Special Striking Force (OSSF), a special wing of ex-army personnel, to protect the squad during inquiry against violations. \"We have started taking the group with us while going for assessment of buildings. They are helping us carry out inspections without fear which was not possible earlier,\" said BDA enforcement officer Sarita Dhanwar.Dhanwar said while this group is permanently attached with the enforcement squad, in case of demolitions and eviction, help is taken from commissionerate of police from time to time.So far, the BDA has a very poor track record in cracking down on violators. In 2010-11, the agency passed 617 demolition orders. However, it was executed only in 11 cases. Similarly, BDA ordered demolition of 280 buildings in 2011-12 of which only 11 orders were executed again. No big multi-storied structures have been razed by the BDA since its inception.The agency has detected 1,278 unauthorized development in the past two years. Between 2007 and 2009, the BDA regularized 3,849 unauthorized structures by charging a fee from among 5,498 applicants under the 'regularization scheme'.Since its formation in 1983, under the Odisha Development Authority Act 1982, the BDA has detected over 19,000 violations. However, it has taken action in less than 1,000 cases.Sources estimate the actual number of violations may be significantly higher because the BDA enforcement wing is too poorly staffed to check the entire planned area.Civil society members are cynical about BDA's future plans because of its past track record.\"The BDA has never executed its authority boldly to ensure adherence of the building norms in the past. This has resulted in a majority of new constructions breaching the provisions in the past few years. This is gradually destroying the planned track of city's growth,\" said N K Panda, former chief secretary and president of Citizens' Apex Association, a civil society group. Panda said the way unplanned growth is taking place, the role of BDA is getting redundant. \"The agency must act with urgency before it is too late,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16803317", "title": "Get set for Harbour line block", "text": "MUMBAI: Harbour line services between Vashi/ Belapur/ Panvel and CST will remain suspended from 10.20am to 3pm on Sunday.Special suburban services will run on the CST- Kurla and Mankhurd-Panvel sections during the block. There will be no mega block on mainline of CR and WR. tnnWestern Railway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16803200", "title": "Himachal Pradesh assembly polls: Festivals, fields keep people away from vote seekers", "text": "SHIMLA: With just two weeks left for assembly polls in Himachal Pradesh, political parties are finding it hard to gauge the mood of voters with the latter busy in festivities and domestic chores. While people in rural areas are busy in collecting fodder for winter months ahead, the rest of the population is gearing up for the festive season.Of all the districts, Kullu has appears most preoccupied with Dussehra festival scheduled to be held from October 24 to 30. Local deities from all over the valley are carried to the festival venue in Kullu by male members, leaving behind few people in villages. Till the conclusion of weeklong festivities, election campaigning Kullu, Banjar, Aani and parts of Mandi district is expected to be lackluster, which has left the candidates worried.In Lahaul-Spiti district, people are busy with the potato season and collecting of green fodder for winter months when the valley is cut off from the rest of the world due to heavy snowfall. \"Elections have been scheduled at a time when we have to make arrangements for the six months of winters - right from extracting potatoes from the fields and selling them in the markets, to collecting fodder for the cattle and ration for ourselves. All this has to be completed before November 15. So either we can attend to the politicians or collect the essentials for ourselves,\" said Dinesh Kumar, a resident of Khorpani village in Lahaul valley. People in the snowbound Pangi valley of Chamba district too are busy in collecting essential items for their survival in harsh winter months. \"Our first priority is to collect food and fodder for the winter season. Only after that we would think about elections,\" said Kalyan Singh , a resident of Sural village. He said with temperature going down drastically, people have been left with very few days to complete the chores before it snows.In the upper areas of Shimla district though the politicians are reaching out in villages for campaigning, this time they are not getting much response from the voters who are busy in fields. \"In the villages this is the time to collect green fodder from the fields for the winter months. People are busy in cutting grass before it snows so the charm of elections is missing,\" said Kavita Chauhan, a resident of Ratnari village in Shimla district. Seeing people busy in fields, candidates have started visiting them in the fields itself so as not to disturb their routine.Suresh Kumar, a resident of Gojra village in Manali, said that with weeklong Dussehra festival being held from October 24 to 30 and people remaining busy in the festival throughout the week, campaigning would be grounded for the week, after which politicians would be left with very less time to mobilize support in their favour. A candidate from Kullu assembly seat said they would continue campaigning during Dussehra celebrations as for them each vote counts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "16803668", "title": "Delhi-based centre begins survey of mining-affected areas", "text": "KERI: The environment impact assessment resource and response centre's (ERC) director Pushp Jain on Saturday visited certain mining affected areas in Goa and assessed the extent of pollution and damage caused by mining.ERC is a centre based in New Delhi which facilitates action for protection of natural environment and biodiversity conservation.Speaking to STOI, Jain said, \"We are going to start a survey of the mining affected people in Goa. During the orientation organised in May 2012, issues regarding pollution and damage were brought forward by the activists, community leaders and other sections at Sarvan-Bicholim.\"He further added, \"Many concerns, besides social, ecological and economical, were highlighted. Increase in number of accidents, decrease in agriculture and dairy production in mining belt were discussed. Recently the Supreme Court has passed an interim stay on mining in Goa. There is entirely a change in scenario all over Goa. ERC has planned a survey to know the peoples perception on the changeswith the suspension of mining.\"The survey to be conducted by ERC will include people who are positively or negatively impacted in the present situation. In Pissurlem of Sattari taluka, Hanumant Parab, a social activist, said, \"Our village economy was predominantly based on agriculture and horticulture, along with cattle rearing. But today mining has destroyed all our traditional sources of livelihood, making us depend on trucks transporting mining ore. We want resumption of restricted mining activities following law of the land.\"Ramnath Panshekar from Panshe has brought to the notice of Jain how their village became a victim of haphazard mining activities, destroying the natural environment, biodiversity and water resources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16805138", "title": "For Rs 10K/hour, bars may stay open till 2am", "text": "KOLKATA: The city's nightclub scene that had virtually flat-lined because of the midnight curfew has got a shot of life. Just a week ahead of the Pujas, the state government has decided to extend the bar-closing time at restaurants, hotels , nightclubs and bars by an hour. What's better, the deadline may be relaxed till 2am during the festive season.The happy (extra) hour makes Kolkata the most liberal of all the metros and is expected to bring the zing back on Park Street.After the Cinderella-Hour diktat in February, the last drinks had to be served by 12am but in reality the last orders went out 45 minutes earlier to give the management time to wind up. After the new order on Saturday, the deadline has been revised to 1am for all licensed bars. The excise department may also issue a special permission to extend it till 2am till New Year's Day. But this will come at a steep price \u2014 Rs 10,000 per hour.\"No special permission will be required for the extension in the bar closing time. They have to pay Rs 10,000 for the extra hour and simply submit a self-declaration ,\" said an official.Even as night club owners are excited by the relaxed deadline, restaurateurs and bar-owners are miffed. They wonder why the fee was set so high. A senior excise department official explained they were testing out the response to the new rules.Bar-closing time at restaurants, hotels, nightclubs, bars extended by an hour to 1am Deadline may be relaxed till 2am during the entire festive season stretching to the New Year against a payment for 10,000 per hour. Special permission will not be required Excise department hopes to raise additional 150-200 crore from the extra hour fee Closing hour for bars is 12am in Mumbai, 11pm in Delhi and 11.30pm in BangaloreThe fee has been set high so that only responsible organisations with a proven crowd-management system will remain open. The excise department wants to assess its impact during the festive season,\" a source said. This is for the first time that the bar closing time in Bengal will be extended beyond 1am without special permission . It was always midnight . However, there was a provision for special permission till 2am which was handed out generously until the Park Street rape in February. The party scene plunged downhill and night clubs went deserted most days a week. Now, the nightlife seems set to be back with a bang.From a 'prude' , Kolkata is now the most liberal of all metros . The time for serving the last drink in Mumbai is 12am while Delhi closes even earlier, at 11pm. The pub city of Bangalore closes at 11.30pm. \"In Delhi and Bangalore, a bar can stay open till 2am with special permission ,\" said sources.The district collector will be authorized to issue the special license. The excise department hopes to rake in additional Rs 150-200 crore revenue through the extra party hour. The projected excise revenue for 2012-13 was Rs 2,700 crore which could go up to Rs 3,000 crore. The revenue from excise jumped 10 times in the last 18 years from only Rs 210 crore in 1994-95 to Rs 2,100 crore in 2011-12 . \"The excise department is being reorganised to step up vigilance to boost revenue,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16802728", "title": "Carnival at DPS", "text": "INDORE: Delhi Public school conducted a carnival on their premises for kindergarten kids. The theme of the carnival was Pink princess and Purple prince, where all the tiny-tots were decked up. The carnival kicked off with talent show, fun games, tattoo zone, magic show, couple games and many more events for the children. Along with the kids, parents also participated in the carnival and enjoyed to the hilt.Environmental awareness programme: Students of Shri Shri Ravishankar Vidhya Mandir School organized an environmental awareness programme on their premises on Saturday. On the occasion, students of the school took an oath to keep the environment clean and green. Students of eco-friendly group educated others about the importance of healthy environment. A member of management committee Rameshwar Yadav was the chief guest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16808967", "title": "Comedian Ali slams Mumbai heroines", "text": "Comedian Ali slammed Mumbai Heroines for throwing starry tantrums and not cooperating with the producer during the promotion, despite charging a huge remuneration. Ali who attended the 'Miss Hyderabad Show' as a guest stressed the need to encourage local talent. \"Instead of importing heroines from North by paying Rs 1 Crore pay package each, it's better to encourage the talent in South and that may cost just Rs 25 lakh\" he opined.The star comedian came down heavily on Ileana who skipped the promotion of her last Telugu film Julayi and promoted her B-Town film Barfi. \"We known how the life of these actress (who show starry tantrums) would be in Mumbai. They use local train, auto rikhshaws and single bedrooms there, but here they demand five star hotels and swanky cars for traveling. For Bollywood film Barfi, the producer has clearly mentioned to Ileana that she should be available for promotion for about 15 days, if not he will choose an other heroine in place of her. These actresses aren't coming forward to promote Telugu films, they are just acting and taking money. If a heroine promotes a film through TV, it will give a huge mileage for the film and so promotion is a must,\" asserted Ali.Ali's outburst reminds the seriousness of the issue. It's time for scouting local beauties before the situation gets worse!Source: www.gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16803426", "title": "Winter session may see end of UPA: D Raja", "text": "COIMBATORE: CPI national secretary D Raja on Saturday termed the forthcoming winter session of Parliament as crucial since he expected it to give a clear indication on the fate of the UPA government. Recent economic initiatives undertaken by the Manmohan Singh government, especially FDI in retail and pension and insurance, have turned most political parties against the government. The prospect of a mid-term poll is now real, Raja said.\"The government has to pass two anti-people bills -- FDI in pension and insurance in the winter session. This would not be easy and may even lead to the government losing majority in the Lok Sabha,'' Raja, who is in Coimbatore to attend the ongoing CPI state executive, added. \"The future of Manmohan Singh government is hanging in balance. The winter session would be critical for its survival,\" said Raja.When asked to describe the alternative political formation that he foresees post-elections, Raja said it was not a third front but a coming together of various political parties to make a credible, viable alternative.Asked if the CPI would join hands with Arvind Kejriwal of India Against Corruption, Raja said Kejriwal was not hitting at the root of corruption. \"Let him expose the nexus between politicians and big corporates,\" he said, while adding that parties will take a call after Kejriwal floats his party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16802847", "title": "Amid scam charges, bypoll results give a jolt to Congress", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress lost the Tehri Lok Sabha seat to BJP, and won by a wafer-thin margin in the Jangipur byelection \u2014 caused by the resignation of Pranab Mukherjee after becoming the UPA nominee for President \u2014 an outcome that added to the party's miseries and can accelerate the debate over the desirability of bringing forward the Lok Sabha election.The defeat of Uttarakhand CM Vijay Bahuguna's son Saket in the Tehri byelection came as a shocker. Bahuguna senior has won the seat in 2009, and his elevation as the CM was expected to help his son romp home by a bigger margin. By-elections tend to go ruling party's way, and hopes of benefits from the CM should have given Congress a clear edge.In the event, BJP's Malarajya Laxmi Shah won by comfortable margin of 22,694 votes.Pranab Mukhejee's son Abhijeet survived a scare before making it by a mere 2,536 votes. Mukherjee, in alliance with West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee's Trinamool, had won by a margin of over 1.28 lakh votes. Mukherjee junior's margin looked all the more unimpressive because Banerjee, despite her split with Congress, had decided not to field a candidate.To add to Congress's worries, two newly-launched Muslim outfits walked away with 66,000 votes.According to an agency report, Abhijeet put down his slender margin to the \"issues of inflation and FDI \".The disappointing results came in the wake of a huge setback that Congress suffered last week when Prashant Bhushan and Arvind Kejriwal managed to breach the immunity of party chief Sonia Gandhi by raising the issue of son-in-law Robert Vadra's controversial dealings with real estate biggie DLF. Although Congress has defended Vadra saying that no illegality has been proven, party sources agree that Bhushan and Kejriwal may have managed to drag the issue of corruption uncomfortably closer to 10, Janpath.Given that Sonia has been the mainstay of the party and was instrumental why it could regain its pre-eminence after the NDA regime, it must rank as the biggest blow. The breach in the armour could tempt more attacks and this was evident on Saturday when yoga guru Baba Ramdev unleashed a frontal assault on Congress's \"first family\".Though of only doubtful political consequence, Ramdev's attack on the \"family\" was, with the possible exception of Narendra Modi's barbs during the 2007 Gujarat election, was scathing since Sonia acquired an aura after UPA's win in 2004 and because of initiatives like Right to Information Act, rural employment guarantee scheme and aggressive secularism.With the spate of corruption charges continuing to sap party's image, and stubborn inflation taking a toll as well, party circles have begun to weigh the merits of completing the term. A school in the party favours bringing forward elections and scheduling it just after finance minister P Chidambaram , helped with a waning influence and a stronger rupee , has presented a feel-good budget with food security and cash transfers scheme as its highlight. Another opinion suggests that the party should hold on until September for the message of Chidambaram's budget to percolate.Whatever comes of the debate: a view is unlikely to be taken before the outcome of Gujarat polls and the political class is increasingly looking at the inevitability of a parliamentary election next year. Last week saw UPA component NCP and Mayawati taking the view that Congress may go in for an early polls. And, SP and Trinamool Congress Mamata Banerjee had expressed the same view earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "sasaram/mohania", "code": "16804313", "title": "Only JD-U workers allowed at CM's Kochas, Mohania meets", "text": "SASARAM/MOHANIA: The 'aam aadmi' was denied entry to the public meetings addressed by chief minister Nitish Kumar on Saturday in Rohtas and Kaimur district as part of his 'Adhikar Yatra'.At the Kochas meeting, about 25 km from Rohtas district HQ, only JD-U pass holders were allowed to listen to their leader and that, too, after being frisked by police personnel. Though the CM landed at Kochas by a helicopter, about 20 km stretch of NH-30 remained out of bounds for people.In Mohania in Kaimur district, 52 'Asha' workers were detained as a precautionary measure while at Kochas, the block Congress president was detained at the police station. Despite efforts by the administration to prevent protesta, a priest started his parallel speech from the roof of a house as soon the CM started his speech at Kochas.Addressing the meetings, the CM said at the current pace of development, the state will take at least 25 years to achieve the national development average and by that time, the new generation will get older.The CM said at present, in every central government scheme, the state has to contribute a hefty share but once the state gets special status, the share will come down to just 10% which will save Rs 5,000 to Rs 6,000 crore every year.CM's Buxar meeting todayBUXAR: All arrangements have been made for chief minister Nitish Kumar's 'Adhikar Yatra' to Buxar on Sunday. Buxar DM Vinod Singh Gunjiyal said the district administration has made foolproof security arrangements for the meeting at Qila ground. The CM will also review the law and order situation and progress of agriculture-related schemes in the district . He said the chief secretary and the chairman of Bihar State Electricity Board, P K Rai, will be present at the meeting. More than 450 primary teachers of the district have been promoted after the gap of 35 years. All the promoted teachers have been posted in the different schools as per their options.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16807297", "title": "It\u2019s an honour to receive Nandi award: Mahesh Babu", "text": "Superstar Mahesh Babu has received the prestigious Nandi Award for Best Actor (Dookudu) for 2011. And no wonder Mahesh is all excited since this is the third time the actor is awarded Best Actor after Nijam and Athadu.Expressing his happiness and thanking the entire crew of Dookudu, Mahesh took to his micro blogging site and posted, \"It is indeed an honour 2win d most prestigious award of the Telugu film industry. I'd like to thank d entire team of 14 reels n my favourite director seenu vytla...wouldn't have.been possible without him:)\" (sic).What's more, Dookudu was won 7 Nandi Awards for the year 2011 and has turned out to be a memorable film for the entire cast and crew.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16803390", "title": "Govt seeks report on high Mantralaya revamp bids", "text": "MUMBAI: The insistence of the government to complete the Mantralaya makeover within eight months might have pushed up the project cost, said sources. A day after bids for a major component of the project were opened, the state on Saturday sought a report on the reasons behind the high figures quoted by the bidders.While the cost of the entire project has been estimated at Rs 110 crore, the lowest bidder -Unity Infraprojects-has quoted a price of Rs 163 crore for one component of the revamp.The state had imposed a condition that a delay beyond eight months would attract a penalty of Rs 5 lakh a day. Restrictions imposed on work during day hours also appeared to have influenced the bids.On Friday, bids opened for the biggest component of the work saw the lowest bidder- Unity Infraprojects- quoting Rs 163 crore, which is 48% above the cost estimate for the entire project. Shapoorji Pallonji Group quoted Rs 167 crore, whereas Larsen and Toubro quoted Rs 177 crore. The bid document was for works including strengthening of the structure that suffered damage in the June 21 fire, creation of additional office space, setting up of common (meeting) areas on each floor, redirection of internal floor movement, incorporating new fire-safety equipment, central air conditioning among others.Separate tenders have been called for escalators and upgrade of lifts, chillers on the terrace, and purchase of loose furniture.On Saturday, the PWD asked architect and consultant Raja Aederi to submit a report by Monday. Kishore Avarsekar, CMD of Unity Infraprojects, said the penalty clause and conditions imposed on work during peak hours for work influenced their bid.Restricted access for visitorsUnlike now, when visitors have full access to offices on each floor, the revamp plan involves creating common meeting areas or waiting rooms where they can interact with officials.\"Hasty\" revamp drove up Mantralaya makeover bidIntro: Government seeks report on reasons for much higher bids", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16803198", "title": "Woman found murdered, live-in partner suspect", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 25-year-old woman was found murdered inside her residence in southeast Delhi on Saturday evening, with her live-in partner and the youngest child missing from the house.Police suspect that Lalmati's partner, identified as Jamshed, had throttled her to death and fled the house in Tughlaqabad Extension. He is said to have called up the sister of the victim and told her about the murder before switching off the mobile phone.According to the Govindpuri police, which have registered a case of murder and abduction, both Lalmati and Jamshed are from Kishanganj in Bihar. \"Previously, Lalmati was in a live-in relationship with one Azhar from Nepal and they had three children, two girls and a boy. About one-and-a-half years ago, Azhar went back to Nepal after deserting Lalmati and the children. Finding no way to feed her family, she returned to Bihar with the children,\" said an investigating officer.Sources said Lalmati met Jamshed in Bihar and came back to the capital with him and her children 20 days ago. Jamshed rented the house in Tughlakabad Extension.On Friday, the couple had an argument following which Jamshed allegedly killed her. He stayed the whole night with the body before deciding to call up Lalmati's sister, Shamima, who also stays in the Govindpuri area.\"Jamshed told her that he was locking the house and taking the boy with him as he feels attached to him. He then switched off his phone. A shocked Shamima reached her sister's residence, opened the door with a spare key and found the two girls sitting near the body of their mother. She informed police,\" said the police officer.A manhunt has been launched for Jamshed and police are raiding several places in search of him, said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16804360", "title": "4 IPS officers promoted to ADG rank", "text": "PATNA: The state police headquarters has shifted 10 IPS officers, including four IG-rank officers who have been promoted to ADG rank.In a notification issued here on Saturday morning, Madhubani SP Saurabh Kumar has been shifted to Kishanganj in place of Ranjit Kumar Mishra, who was rushed to Madhubani on Friday night to control the students' unrest.Three officers of 1987 batch have also been promoted. They are IG (provision) Sunil Kumar, who has been made ADG cum officer on special duty in Bihar State Police Building Construction Corporation, with a direction that he would assume the charge of chairman cum MD of the corporation on November 1. IG (Muzaffarpur zone) Gupteshwar Pandey has been elevated at the same place but with additional charge of ADG (Bihar State Sports Authority), while Dinesh Singh Bisht has been elevated to the ADG rank and made chief executive officer of Bihar Open School Board.ADG (Bihar State Sports Authority) A K Seth has been transferred to civil defence. IG (headquarters) Jitendra Gangwar has been shifted to Darbhanga as its zonal IG.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16807052", "title": "AIBA Professional Boxing would be game-changer: Akhil", "text": "LUCKNOW: Olympian boxer Akhil Kumar feels that the AIBA Professional Boxing starting next year would change the face of the sport globally.Akhil, who is currently training at the Haryana Police Academy, said that APB -- expected to start in March-April probably next year -- would give a new direction to game.\"The APB competition format offers multi-level fight opportunities in national, continental and world level competitions while maintaining the opportunity to compete in the Olympic games,\" he said.The Olympian said the new model operates on a clear ranking system for boxers.\"Critically, boxers can remain under AIBA throughout their entire career from their fledgling fights to the peak of their profession and beyond. APB will pack a punch and give the sport what it has been waiting for,\" he said.He said the launch of APB would change the way professional boxing events are organised.\"APB will open up new horizons for boxers seeking to pursue their dreams as professionals within a transparent competition structure. For the first time, professional boxers can plan and look forward to consistent support from their national federations in return,\" he said.\"Also the young boxers can realise their dream of entering a professional boxing world that is structured and regulated,\" he added.Akhil said in professional competitions, tournaments are not organised under a transparent structure.\"Unfortunately, financial gain and match-fixing often triumph over sporting merit. Within this system, boxers are not guaranteed a steady career trajectory. They cannot move through the rankings on merit and fights are not always matched fairly,\" the Arjuna Awardee said.He said in the current system it was not only boxers who suffered, fans too were disappointed by the quality of professional boxing events in terms of performances and non-transparent judgements of fights.\"These situations are discouraging the next generation of boxers. If this stays, the status of boxing will start to decline, holding less appeal for the mainstream media and entertainment channels,\" he said.\"...there are chances that after the initiation of the APB the upper age limit may extend to 40 years from the current 34. So, APB is good news for me because if the age limits extends then my dream to participate in the 2016 Olympics can be fulfilled,\" the 31-year-old said.Undergoing a rehabilitation programme Akhil said his main target was 2014 Commonwealth and Asian Games in the same year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16803645", "title": "Distribution system to be renovated", "text": "GURGAON: The power distribution system in 36 towns in Haryana, each having population of more than 30,000, will be renovated and strengthened under the Restructured Accelerated Power Development and Reforms Programme (RAPDRP) of the Central government.The plan was revealed in a meeting chaired here today by Chairman and Managing Director of the Dakshin Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam and the Uttar Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam, Devender Singh, an official release said.Singh informed that the RAPDRP would be executed in two parts. Under part one, the power distribution system would be made information technology (IT) based. Under part two, the power distribution system in the towns would be strengthened and renovated.The plan is to give a strong information technology base to the electricity distribution system by way of consumer indexing, GIS and asset mapping, metering of feeders and distribution transformers, automatic data logging, feeder segregation, ring fencing, he said.Singh further said renovation, modernisation and strengthening of 11 kV level will be done by way of addition of distribution transformer, re-conductoring of lines at 11KV level and below, feeder segregation, bifurcation, load balancing, etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16803056", "title": "\u2018Vitamin B &amp; folic acid can reduce vascular disease risk\u2019", "text": "Regular intake of vitamin B and folic acid can help reduce vascular disease risk, states a recent study conducted by the researchers at the Sir Ganga Ram Hospital and Jamia Milia Islamia.The study has been published in the Journal of Biochemistry and Nutrition and states plasma homocysteine \u2014 a naturally occurring amino acid responsible for plaque formation leading to blockage of arteries \u2014 reduces with vitamin B12 levels in patients with cerebro-vascular (stroke) and peripheral vascular disease (deep vein thrombosis).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16805088", "title": "Rote learning stunts thinking, say experts", "text": "CHENNAI: Classrooms need a makeover to be appropriate for children of this generation, experts told teachers and heads of schools in the state on Saturday.Speaking about the challenges faced by schools today, Chitra Ravi, CEO of education service provider Ez-Vidya , said: \"Today's learners have a short attention span and are hooked to gadgets most of their waking time. Today's careers and lifestyle demand different and diverse skills from individuals.\" This makes it imperative for schools to create learning environments to meet these needs, Chitra Ravi added.She was addressing around 150 teachers at a conference on 'Creating 21Century Learning Environments - Transforming Schools in five distinct Areas' . Based on research and feedback from schools, Chitra Ravi suggested that transformation needs to happen in student thinking, classroom dynamics , learning ambience, technology integration and teacher empowerment.Schoolteachers said they found rote learning was the biggest reason for the dip in standard of students passing out of schools. Chitra Ravi said that the way to root out rote learning is by instilling higher order thinking skills in students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16803840", "title": "Vijai Sardesai finds flaws in building laws", "text": "MARGAO: Fatorda MLA Vijai Sardesai demanded that the state government realize that building bye-laws are \"totally inadequate and approval of building plans by conforming to these bye-laws will only worsen the already near-hopeless situation\".Addressing mediapersons on Saturday, Sardesai demanded that the state government take immediate action to tackle the problem of indiscriminate real estate development in the state and said that \"lack of planning regarding parking of vehicles, garbage collection and water and power supply is affecting the lives of citizens in urban and semi-urban areas of Goa\".The Fatorda MLA appealed to all authorities, including the TCP Minister, TCP department, PDAs and municipalities, to coordinate and take action to remedy the shortcomings.Sardessai said to monitor projects in Fatorda, he has formed a three-member panel, comprising Ernest Moniz, Dilip Prabhu Desai and Maendra Alvares.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16803855", "title": "Sec 14 residents sore at blocked sewerage pipes", "text": "GURGAON: Residents of Sector 14 have been complaining to HUDA about the blocked sewerage lines of the colony but no action is being taken for the last two months. The sewage is out on the roads making life miserable for the residents.Some efforts to fix the issue by cleaning the sewer pipelines this Friday also went in vein.The sewer pipelines in Sector 14 were laid down in 1978 keeping in mind that the population won't exceed 4,000. Now when that bar has crossed the 15,000-mark, the old and downtrodden pipelines seem to have given up. Therefore, coagulation and blockage in pipelines has become a daily occurrence for the residents.The situation deteriorates during the monsoon. \"We've spent the entire monsoon with the streets full of sewage water,\" said G S Thakur, vice-president of the RWA in Sector 14.Apart from being old, these pipelines are also too small to manage the waste from all houses collectively. Apart from the foul smell, the blockage had caused sewage to enter bathrooms in several houses of the Sector.This happened mostly in lane with house number 80-90. \"A month ago after waking up, I saw that my entire living room was drenched in sewage water\", said Lata Divedi, a resident of Sector 14.Neither the operators nor the junior engineer were responsive. It was onlyl when HUDA Administrator Praveen Kumar was approached that repair work was carried out on Friday. ,\"I had even taken up the issue with Kartar Singh, executive engineer, but the simply sat on out complaint,\" said Mr Jain, another resident. Thakur claimed that the Friday's repair work was just a temporary solution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16804075", "title": "Senate repeals statute on leave encashment", "text": "PUNE: The University of Pune's controversial statute 424-C, related to encashment of earned leave (EL) for teachers at the time of their retirement of service, was repealed by way of a voting process late on Saturday night by the university senate.A section of the senate members had successfully stalled the five attempts by the university in the last three years to get the statute removed. The Pune University and College Teachers' Organisation and the Pune University Teachers' Association were strongly against removal of the statute.University registrar C M Chitale had tabled the proposal, seeking removal of the statute, before the senate on Saturday and the same was put to vote after a four-hour debate. \"Of the 65 votes that were cast, 36 went in favour of the proposal and 29 were against the proposal. As such, the statute now stands repealed,\" a senate member told TOI.The government, as a policy matter, has stopped releasing funds to the state universities, for the last three years, for encashment of EL at the time of retirement of teachers. Consequently, the affiliated colleges have stopped extending the leave encashment benefit to retiring teachers on the grounds that the same entails a huge financial burden on them.At the beginning of the debate, UoP Vice-Chancellor W N Gade said, \"The governor and chancellor of state universities had asked the university to explain why it was continuing with the statute 424-C when other state universities have repealed the same. The state government had moved a complaint against the UoP with the Governor's office.\"Gade said, \"The state government has taken a totally unambiguous stance by declaring that it will not take the financial burden on account of encashment of EL. The government has said if the university wants to continue with its statute, it has to do so on its own.\"Joint director of higher education Sunil Shete, who is the government's representative on the senate, appealed to the senate members to avoid taking the path of conflict. \"The statute shall go at some point of time. If push comes to shove, the governor will have to take steps to remove the statute. We only feel there should be no such situation. Afterall, the universities have to run as per the state government policies,\" he said.Ends | Vishwas", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "karachi", "code": "16810052", "title": "Afridi's press conference put off by PCB", "text": "KARACHI: A scheduled press conference by flamboyant all-rounder Shahid Afridi , which had set the rumour mills working overtime, has been called off after the Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) advised him not to address the media.Afridi was to brief the mediapersons at his residence this evening but the interaction was cancelled at the behest of the PCB.\"The board has refused permission to Afridi to hold the conference as they say he is a centrally contracted player and can't speak to the media without obtaining a prior permission,\" a source close to the player said.Afridi, who struggled with his form in the recently concluded ICC World Twenty20 championship, apparently wanted to talk to the media about his performance in Sri Lanka , where Pakistan lost to the hosts in the semifinal.The speculations were also rife that the 32-year-old might announce his retirement from the international cricket during the conference.\"He is a contracted player and has to abide by all the rules and regulations for players in the central contracts,\" a PCB official said.Afridi, one of Pakistan's most experienced players, has stopped playing Test cricket since 2010 and features only in limited overs cricket.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16803680", "title": "Attend to cases or will have to remove Karnataka State Pollution Control Board chief: Karnataka high court", "text": "BANGALORE: Pulling up the Karnataka State Pollution Control Board (KSPCB) for repeatedly failing to attend the cases before the high court, a division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen has warned that if no remedial action is taken, it will have no other alternative but to remove the Board chairman.The bench took strong exception to non-appearance of anyone on behalf of the Board though there were two cases listed on Tuesday. \"There is no appearance on behalf of respondent No.4, commissioner of KSPCB and No.5 environment officer, KSPCB, Tumkur yet again. There was no appearance in Item No.5 (another PIL) of today's list either. On a previous occasion, we had no other alternative, but to summon the chairman of the Pollution Control Board. However, the cases are still left unattended to. We have no other alternative, but to summon the principal secretary, department of forest, environment and ecology, as cases are repeatedly remaining unattended. If no remedial action is taken, we have no other alternative, but to remove the chairman of the Board. Renotify for further consideration on October 30,\" the bench said in its order.Both these cases are PILs, where the residents have complained about dumping of solid waste in Tumkur city. In one of the cases, the bench had already summoned the in charge commissioner of city municipal council.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16804551", "title": "Govt will bear expenses of land acquisition, promises Shettar", "text": "HUBLI: Chief minister Jagadish Shettar assured that the state government will bear the expenses of land acquisition for the railway projects apart from the present system of providing 50% of expenses for the railway works in the state. Speaking after inaugurating the newly constructed railway station building here on Saturday, Shettar said when he was the revenue minister he got sanctioned 100 acres land for the shifting of goodshed and provided place for the construction of the new railway station building and he lauded Union minister KH Muniyappa and MP Prahlad Joshi for their efforts in constructing the new building.Already the state government has given Rs 500 crore for the railway projects in the state, he said and said that Dharwad-Kittur-Belgaum, Gulbarga-Muneerabad-Bidar and railway route between Hubli-Ankola works would start. Shettar urged Muniyappa to withdraw the cases filed against veteran journalist Patil Puttappa and other political persons in regards of fighting for the railway projects. Speaking on the occasion, MP Prahlad Joshi urged Muniyappa to get the Rs 12 crore worth pending works at the new building at the earliest. Joshi urged railway station officials to provide some space for the NWKSRTC bus to stop in front of the newly constructed railway station building which will help passengers to take the bus and reach their respective destinations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16803288", "title": "Asad waited long for role in Indian Mujahideen plan", "text": "NEW DELHI: The key figure in the Indian Mujahideen (IM) module, which was busted in the city two weeks ago, was fanatically inclined from his early youth but did not get a break with terrorists till recently. The special cell's investigations into the module have revealed that Asad Khan, a native of Naigaon in Maharashtra and owner of a travel agency, was deeply interested in the concept of jehad but was not sure how to go about playing a more active role.Asad's cohort Imran Khan was allegedly told by IM founder Riyaz Bhatkal to think of ways to use the services of Asad's travel agency for IM's purposes. By this time, both youths trusted each other and had travelled to Saudi Arabia on separate occasions. Their ties were cemented further as Imran gave his sister in marriage to Asad, after the latter lost his first wife.Sources said this was the second instance of IM falling back on its \"extended family\" to carry out terrorist activities. Earlier, the father-in-law of the group's Indian operations head Yaseen Bhatkal was found running the IM arms factory in Delhi.\"The IM is a banned group and novices are not trusted immediately. It is always easier to look for support within the family rather than among recruits,\" explained an officer.Sources said Asad and a man named Irfan started the travel agency in 2005 after Asad returned from his 2004 Haj. He went back twice, in 2007 and 2011.Delhi Police claims Asad came in contact with alleged Lashkar-e-Taiba operative Fayyaz Kagzi in 2009, and the latter introduced him to IM founders Iqbal and Riyaz Bhatkal in Saudi Arabia. Police said Imran and Feroze also met Kagzi in Saudi Arabia a few times and discussed carrying out terror strikes in India.Special cell sources said the IM operatives had decided to target Bodh Gaya along with Delhi this time to avenge the killings of Rohingiya Muslims in Myanmar .\"This is a departure from the past when the IM would use all international events to recruit new members but rarely reacted to an international event. The IM men have told us they wanted to shock the many international tourists who visit Bodh Gaya. They also said the idea was Riyaz Bhatkal's,\" said a source.Police sources said the group had decided to attack Pune in August for a variety of reasons, including logistical and ideological concerns.\"The new group felt strongly about the killing of the terrorist Qateel Siddiqui at the Pune jail. They thought that attacking Pune first would send a strong signal to their cadres,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16805090", "title": "Shirdi\u2019s Sai Baba temple to auction offerings from Oct 18", "text": "MUMBAI: As many as 52 precious stones, 32kg gold and 30kg silver offered at the Sai Baba temple in Shirdi will be auctioned by the Shri Saibaba Sansthan Trust on three consecutive Thursdays, starting October 18. The Sai Baba temple in Shirdi , one of the richest in the country with assets reportedly worth over thousands of crores, will be conducting an auction after three years. \"The trust decides when to auction the items. The temple gets lots of offerings and instead of melting the gold and silver, it works well if devotees can own them,\" said Mohan Yadav of the trust.The auction has been arranged before Dussehra and Diwali , so that devotees can take home the memorabilia on auspicious occasions. Among the 114 articles (listed on the trust's website) to be auctioned are a silver mace, a seated silver idol of Baba, silver and gold crowns, necklaces and precious stones. The auctions will be held on October 18 (for silver items), followed by November 1 (for gold items) and November 18 (for precious stones). The temple attracts maximum number of devotees on Thursdays. The items for auction will be on display during the bidding process that will start from 9.30am. The auction will be held at the temple's North Side. Yadav said those wanting to to participate have to submit Rs 10,000 on or before the auction date as refundable deposit. Winners will be given multiple payment options, while the deposit will be accepted in cash or by demand draft only.\"The items to be auctioned have been tested and certified by a government-approved valuer and are according to laboratory standards,\" said Yadav. More details can be availed on: www.shrisaibabasansthan.org", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16807181", "title": "This therapy is hilarious!", "text": "A doctor may heal physical wounds, but it takes more than an MBBS degree to make people laugh. Supriya Sharma enters the world of medical clowns, who help people discover their own nonsense amidst the pain and suffering.Delhi-based theatre person Ashwath Bhatt is in the business of making people stupid! Bizarre as it may sound, Bhatt has chosen for himself, perhaps, one of the most challenging professions in the world. Not many would imagine a Chaplinlike character with a cute red nose and clownish costumes rallying around the world solving people's problems, but that's exactly what this therapeutic clown does.He's not a circus jester out there only to tickle your funny bones. As a clown doctor, his mission is to treat people with humour. Whether it's on the streets, in hospital wards, in NGO camps or at his clowning workshops, Bhatt helps people \"discover their own nonsense\". \"It has been scientifically established that clowning helps treat mental and physical trauma. It works with patients who suffer from depression and have suicidal tendencies,\" he says. Bhatt's company, Theatre Garage Project, conducts regular clowning workshops, in the hills of Uttarakhand.Jadoo ki jhappiCharlie Chaplin had once said, \"To truly laugh, you must be able to take your pain, and play with it.\" That's what made ex-banker Tapasya Dasgupta join the Theatre Garage Project. \"I attended the first clowning workshop when I was in a shattered state. My mom had just been diagnosed with cancer and I knew the end was near. But clowning taught me to express my grief, smile, and move on. It doesn't just help you cleanse your system, it gives you the strength to be what you want to be,\" she explains.Shruti Sharma, another participant, says, \"I began to think like a child again, and the explorer in me was triggered. The mind boggles, when one understands how wild our imaginations can be, and just how much creative potential we have.\"Other than those seeking therapy, a lot of aspiring actors and theatre aficionados attend Bhatt's workshops. Rohan Gujar, an aspiring actor, says, \"This place is like a repair shop where actors or any other kind of artistes, are serviced and repaired. It was an out-of-box experience, which helped me shed inhibitions and learn about my art \u2014 acting.\"Apart from collaborating with clowning organisations around the world, like the Red Noses Clown Doctors International and Clown without Borders, Bhatt has also conducted clinical clowning at the Fortis Hospital, in Delhi. \"Hospitals are gloomy places. As clowns, we make the atmosphere more feel good. It's not meant just for the patients. It's also meant for the staff,\" he says, adding that a large number of doctors, bankers and IIT-ians come to him for cure through clowning therapy.Dropping all facadesLike Bhatt, theatre director Sukhmani Kohli guides youngsters to 'find their clown'. After attending an intensive 40-day clowning workshop from a Portuguese clown Anna, in Chandigarh, Kohli decided to use it as a theatrical tool to help youngsters unmask themselves and get rid of their inhibitions. \"Youngsters have issues with their own body and can't trust or like people easily. In my clowning classes, I make them dress up in bizarre clothes, put on make-up and come out in public. They are made vulnerable and pushed to let their true self out. This helps them accept their flaws and learn to accommodate others,\" shares Kohli. One area where she thinks people really need to loosen up and express themselves better is the corporate world and that's why she plans to have corporate clowning workshops under the name 'Play Shops' soon.Bangalore-based former graphic designer Sanjay Balsavar has also been quite successful in getting more hospitals to identify clinical clowning as serious therapy. Balsavar, who was fascinated by magic as a kid, came across a course for clowning at Alliance Francaise by Docteur Clown, an NGO which provides free assistance to medical teams in hospitals for speedy recovery of sick children. This was the genesis of Dr Boing, the clown who can also do magic! Armoured with clown make-up, props, costumes, clown gags, mime and magic, balloon sculpting, puppetry and clown skits, Balsavar and his team of clown doctors have been spreading cheer at Bangalore hospitals like Kidwai Memorial Institute of Oncology and Columbia Asia.Says neonatologist and pediatrician Dr Archana Bilagi from St Philomena's Hospital, Bangalore, \"Children come here with a lot of anguish, suffering, and their parents are naturally very anxious and depressed. When someone comes along, and makes them smile, they forget what they are here for and feel happy.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "surla", "code": "16803591", "title": "Mining meddle: No brides for many a groom", "text": "SURLA: The most common sight on the Surla-Pale-Velguem stretch of Bicholim taluka is that of dysfunctional mines, kulaghars and bachelors.Lush green kulaghars (plantations) featuring mainly slender areca nut trees and aromatic spice plantations run through the length and breadth of these sister villages. They are punctuated by paddy fields at every turn in the mud roads. With mining operations stopped, the verdant picture is the perfect example of appearances being deceptive.Look closer and mucky silt is part of the sweet-water streams that irrigate the kulaghars; dust particles float on drinking water in wells; and oil from mining trucks washed in higher areas of Surla float in the water of paddy fields below. Most stark is the sight of elderly women feeding fertilizer to trees in kulaghars against the backdrop of heaps of mined dumps and ravaged hills.Little wonder then that the region appeals little to brides-to-be.Velguem hardware store owner Prashant Sadhale is approaching middle-age. Several rejected proposals later, his marriage prospects look bleak. \"It is a social problem caused by mining,\" he says, \"Bachelors can be found in every other house here. Girls agree at first, but all changes when they see the village.\"He adds, \"Everything seems green now as the mines are not operational. Last year at this time, mining silt stuck to every leaf and flowed through every crevice of the village.\"A kulaghar owner from Surla, Uday Natekar, echoes Sadhale, \"I am past 35 and still unmarried. Girls in these three villages do not want to marry within the area as they can easily tie the knot elsewhere and escape the ill-effects of mining. And brides who have seen better while working in Panaji will never settle down for a groom from here. Never.\"An elderly farm help, Pandurang Pednekar, narrates how two grooms of a family \"made the mistake\" of wooing Maharashtrian brides. \"The girls agreed, but when they came to see their husbands' homes they ran away.\"Sadhale explains that women are willing to tie the knot only if the groom agrees to shift residence to neighbouring towns such as Ponda, kilometers away from respiratory illnesses and pothole-infested roads.While some grooms grab the opportunity, others prefer to tend to their ancestral kulaghars, some of which date back to almost 10 generations.It is not uncommon to seek proposals from girls living in other mining-afflicted regions like Sanguem or parts of Karnataka, who, the grooms here feel would be more tuned in to the hard life.According to Natekar, the problem is more acute in families that are well-off in terms of finances and social status. \"In the case of boys from poorer families in the village, they find girls as the brides want to get away from the financial crisis at their maternal homes. But those looking for educated and well-off brides stand little chance,\" he says.It only adds to the woes of the grooms that despite the lack of brides, inter-caste marriages are shunned upon in these villages.\"When mining was on, our relatives living in towns and cities would hate to visit our village even if it was for a puja. How then can we expect girls who have lived in better conditions to opt to settle here?\" asks an elderly woman in Pale.Refusing to give her name, she adds, \"If you go out even once in the day, your clothes are grime-covered and need to be washed. You sweep the house and within seconds mining dust settles down again. No potential bride wants a life of constant washing and cleaning.\"As we turn to leave, we ask a prospective groom if his chances are better now that the village looks a bit green, and pat comes the reply, \"If you know of a girl who is interested, why not?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16804301", "title": "Only shares changed hands, say promoters", "text": "NAGPUR: Local businessmen Ashish Kale and Ritesh Singhania sold off their stake in M/s SinghKal Automobiles and Farm Equipment to Lemken India Agro Equipment. The duo had incidentally not developed the plot of land in Butibori industrial estate. Several entities have been acquiring land in the estate and later selling them off at a premium. If they sell the land without any construction, MIDC gets 30% of the profits. It's 10% if plinth has been raised. In both cases it is a profitable deal.Although the details are not readily available, the rates in 2005 when SinghKal got the plot the going rate was around 200 a square meter.Now it's gone up to 520,\" said a MIDC official. SinghKal would have paid around 40 lakh for the plot. At current MIDC rates, the cost of the land would be 1.04 crore.\"In both the cases, selling the stake at 3 crore leaves SinghKal a profit of 2.60 crore and 1.96 crore, respectively. The deal is not illegal but it raises questions over MIDC land being used as means of profiteering.The promoters claim that the land has not been sold at all and only the shares have changed hands. \"It cannot be considered as sale of land. Since I am travelling I don't have other details like the date when we got the land from MIDC or was the %agency paid any share following the transfer of shares,\" Kale told TOI.A senior MIDC officer said it has been wresting back idle plots. President of Butibori Manufacturers Association, Hemant Ambaselkar said, \"I don't have the details of the case but the association would oppose profiteering out of government land.\"District guardian minister Shivajirao Moghe told TOI that those flouting norms may be penalized. \"Profiteering in such a manner must not be encouraged,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16803356", "title": "Protesters hurl eggs at CM", "text": "NEW DELHI: For the second day in a row, chief minister Sheila Dikshit faced the ire of protesters at a public rally. Apart from raising black flags and shouting anti-Dikshit slogans, the angry crowd also hurled eggs at the chief minister's contingent. Dikshit was attending an event at New Jafrabad in northeast Delhi to hail the Congress' decision to regularize 895 illegal colonies.On Friday, the chief minister had received the same response from protesters at Nand Nagri while she was there to inaugurate circle offices of the food and civil supplies department. Hundreds of locals protesting against the hike in power tariff had waved black flags at Dikshit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16804452", "title": "\u2018CPM whipping up communal passion\u2019", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The CPM is whipping up communal feeling in Kerala, the Socialist Janata (Democratic) party's state president, M P Veerendrakumar, said here on Saturday.Addressing reporters after the conclusion of the SJD state conference, he said there was nothing wrong in criticizing the Indian Union Muslim League as a political party. \"But giving a Hindu-Muslim colour to it is dangerous,\" he added.The Socialist leader said CPM had resorted to communalize the murder of Revolutionary Marxist Party leader T P Chandrasekharan.\"The party state secretary, Pinarayi Vijayan, himself alleged that extremists were behind the murder. The CPM tried to bring the Hindu-Muslim issue into the Fazal murder too,\" he said.The CPM has been following the policy of eliminating those who criticized the party, he added.Taking note of the phenomenal hike in commodity prices, Veerendrakumar said his party was of the opinion that foreign direct investment in the retail sector would spell doom for the small-scale traders. FDI in agriculture, too, was dangerous, he said.Earlier, an economic resolution adopted by the SJD called for a sustainable, inclusive, ecologically viable and economically justifiable development policy.On the Kudankulam issue, he said the concerns raised by the protestors should be addressed.As many as 913 delegates took part in the discussions held on Friday and Saturday. SJD secretary general Dr Varghese George presented the organizational report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16804839", "title": "Pregnant woman run over by speeding car", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 27-year old woman was run over by a speeding car near Dadhichi Bridge on Friday night while she was sleeping outside her residence. Two more persons including a seven-year old girl were injured in the incident. Police have registered a case against the absconding car driver.According to Madhavpura police officials, Jigar Dantani, a resident of a slum near Dadhichi Bridge, was sleeping with his family members outside his residence at 11:30 pm on Friday.At that time, a Tata Sumo driver came from the direction of the bridge and lost control over the vehicle. The car hit Dantani, his daughter Rinki, 7, and his wife Madhu, 27. \"While Dantani and Rinki got flung due to the impact, Madhu was run over by the speeding car and died on the spot. Madhu was five months pregnant, said her family members. The eye-witnesses have written down the number of the car on the basis of which we have started tracking the accused in the case. Dantani and Rinki have been admitted to the Civil Hospital for treatment,\" said a Madhavpura police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16803290", "title": "Body in suitcase: GRP arrests victim's husband", "text": "PUNE: The Government Railway Police (GRP) on Saturday claimed to have solved the mystery of a woman's body found inside a suitcase at CST last month, following the arrest of her husband, Pravin Thakre (29), from Chikhli.The government railway police (GRP) has solved the murder case in which a woman's body was found in a suitcase at CST, Mumbai, late last month, following the arrest of her husband, Pravin Thakre (29) of Chikhli on Saturday.The woman, identified as Reshma (27), was strangulated by Thakre as she opposed his illicit relationship with another woman, the GRP said. Hailing from Amravati, Thakre settled down a few year ago in the Pimpri-Chinchwad area of Chikhli where he works as a small-time painter. The couple has a four-year-old son, the police said.Superintendent of police (railways) Pratapsinh Patankar told TOI that after killing Reshma, Thakre packed her body in a suitcase on September 24. \"He woke up early in the morning and boarded Sinhagad Express from Chinchwad station. He had planned to dump the suitcase while passing by the Khandala ghats, but could not do so as the door was crowded with passengers,\" he said. Thakre was forced to take the suitcase to CST where he finally abandoned it, Patankar added.According to GRP sources, the suitcase acted as the main clue with the police tracing the shop in Chinchwad from where it was bought. Equipped with the description of the buyer, as provided by the shopkeeper, the GRP launched a search operation and finally reached Chikhli. From there, Thakre was arrested. There, they learned about a couple going missing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "bilkisganj (sehore)", "code": "16802494", "title": "Five, including four of a family, strangulated in Sehore district", "text": "BILKISGANJ (SEHORE): Five persons, including four of family were found murdered in a car on the Bhopal- Sehore road near Bilkisganj on Saturday. The deceased has been identified as Deep Singh, his wife and two children all residents of nearby Khedla village in Sehore district and one Mohammad Qasim from Alwar in neighbouring Rajasthan.The bodies were spotted by local villagers in a car after which they informed the police.It is suspected that all five of them have been strangulated to death. Property dispute appears to be the immediate cause of the crime, the police added.Police is learnt to have rounded up few persons in this connection by late evening. Police is also trying to trace the accused on the basis of call records made from the mobile towers in area.It is learnt that an unidentified person who had come along with Md Qasim to meet the deceased is missing.The deceased family has been identified as Deep Singh 35, his wife Rukmani 30, their daughter Sanjana 6 and son Saurabh 4.Identity of the fifth Mohammad Qasim from Alwar is yet to confirmed as his family members have not reached the state capital for identification.The stiff bodies suggested that they have been murdered during the night and dumped in the car, the police added.The post mortem on the bodies was conducted in Sehore. Prima facie it appeared that they have been strangulated and their bodies were dumped in Deep Singh's car- MP04-V-3547 at some distance from the village where they lived. Deep is said to own about 2.5 acres of agriculture land in Khedla village and was also into property broking.Police said he was not in good terms with his elder brothers, Bane Singh and Vinod who lived in the same village and had property disputes with them.The deceased Deep Singh was a habitual offender and had around two dozen cases registered against him.He was also externed from Sehore district in the past. Their father, Mathura Prasad also has 2.5 acres of separate agriculture land in the same village.His brothers, Banne and Vinod are also habitual offenders and have faced externment.Bane told TOI that Deep Singh forcibly took possession of his land and he had to move court to get back his land from the deceased.Deep Singh's house was sealed by the police after incident. Some of his relatives, including cousins, Ramesh Chandra and Kamal Singh\u2014 both residents of Narsinghpur - told TOI that they are shocked and clueless about the incident.Meanwhile, as per the local villagers' incident resolves around property dispute. The dispute between the deceased and his brothers was well known, said a local villager without wishing to get named.The family was last seen in their car at a petrol pump, the villagers added. The senior police officials, including ADG Vijay Yadav and DIG Asha Mathur visited the scene of crime and took stock of the situation.The police claimed of getting vital leads in the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "16810322", "title": "Sixty elephants creating havoc at Arunachal village", "text": "ITANAGAR: A herd of 60 elephants has been creating havoc at Mer village in East Siang district since the last couple of days damaging crops.The district forests authority swung into action after being informed of the menace created by the pachyderms with DFO B Darang asking the officers to look into the man-animal conflict and help villagers.Darang also instructed the range forest officer at Mebo to assess the extent of damages.He said that necessary arrangement has been made to tackle the raiding jumbos.\"More Kunki elephants (tamed elephants to drive away the wild ones) will be used while involving local people on wage basis. Crackers have been purchased to be used for the purpose,\" he added.Meanwhile, Mer anchal samiti member (ASM) Vinod Perme said that more elephants have joined the herd whose number has gone up to around 60.\"To our utter dismay, more elephants have joined the herd on Friday last causing more tension to the villagers around, including Paglam area of Lower Dibang valley,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "davanagere", "code": "16810263", "title": "Youth held captive by mother for 17 years", "text": "DAVANAGERE: In a shocking incident, a youth was kept locked in a solitary room for 17 years by his mother and was not allowed to answer nature's call at a village in the district.Keshvamurthy, around 30, walked out to freedom today after the neighbours, on coming to know about his confinement, broke the wall of the room and rescued him, police said.Preliminary investigations revealed that Keshvamurthy was held in solitary confinement in a room in his house since 1995 by his mother Chowdamma at Lokkapura village for objecting her becoming \" Devadasi\" (a religious tradition in which girls are \"married\" to God) after getting separated from her husband.The mother did not allow Keshavamurthy to go out even to answer nature's call and served food through a window of his room all these years, police said.The man, who sported long hair and beard, was given a shave by a barber and hairs were trimmed and was taken to National Institute of Mental Health and Neurosciences at Bangalore for check up, he said.Defending her action, Chowdamma alleged that Keshvamurthy in his younger days used to beat house inmates including her and his brother. He also objected her becoming \"Devadasi\". \"Hence, to teach him (Keshavmurthy) a lesson, I held him captive,\" she told the police.Chowdamma said she used to serve food in his room but did not allow him to attend to nature's call outside.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16805150", "title": "Want to go to Oxford University? Be prepared for funny questions", "text": "Students hoping for a place at Oxford University may cram their minds full of knowledge to cope with intellectually searching interviews. When the questions come, though, they can be left baffled for a response.This year has been no exception, with interview teasers including \"Why do animals have stripes?\", \"Why do human beings have two eyes?\" and \"Does poetry have to be difficult?\"Potential history undergraduates were asked: \"Imagine we had no records about the past at all except everything to do with sport - how much of the past could we find out about?\"Or try: \"Why are strawberries and ladybirds both red?\" The point, according to Mike Nicholson, director of undergraduate admissions at Oxford, is that there are no right or wrong answers to the questions.\"The interviews are an academic conversation in a subject area between tutors and candidate, similar to an undergraduate tutorial,\" he said. \"And, like tutorials, the interviews are designed to push students to think, not recite specific facts or answers.\" At St Anne's College, Martin Speight, who asked science students about animal stripes, added: \"I'm just interested in candidates' speculations about the advantages of having stripes.\"Lucinda Rumsey, of Mansfield College, defended asking potential English students - in the wake of JK Rowling's new novel for adults \u2014 what the differences were between writing for children and for adults.\"I worry that not all candidates might have the same access to a wide range of literature . If I asked that question about Shakespeare some candidates might have a view of his literary output but many wouldn't . If I start with Harry Potter, everyone at least has a starting point of recognition.\"And I think Rowling deserves a mention as I am sure that there are many people applying to study English at university this year who became avid readers because of her books.\"Oxford's decision to lift the lid on interview questions comes as the deadline for applying for some of its most prestigious courses in medicine and veterinary science expires this weekend.The Independent", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16809891", "title": "Embarrassed Leona Lewis wrote notes to crushes", "text": "Leona Lewis has revealed that she used to write love notes to her crushes because she was too embarrassed to admit that she liked them.The 27-year-old ' Bleeding Love ' singer confessed that she use to be very shy when it came to guys and the only way by which she could confess her feelings was by writing it down for them.''If he's talking about you to a mutual friend, even something as simple as asking where you live it shows he might not yet be confident enough to approach you himself, but knows your friend will feed back to you,\" Contactmusic quoted her as telling Top of the Pops magazine.''I used to write letters to guys I liked rather than approach them directly because I was too embarrassed,'' she added. (", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16802506", "title": "Hyderabad fuel dealers to follow old rule", "text": "HYDERABAD: From October 15, most petrol bunks across the country will operate between 8.30 am and 5.30 pm. However, city fuel outlets will not stick to this schedule and operate as per their present timings.According to the Confederation of Indian Petroleum Dealers (CIPD), an umbrella organisation of fuel outlets, the single shift system would be implemented from October 14 midnight. The fuel outlets in urban areas would open for business at 8.30 am and close at 5:30 pm with lunch break between 1 pm and 2 pm from October 15. However, the fuel outlets on highways would operate between 7.30 pm and 4.30 am.\"The CIPD has taken the decision (single shift) to reduce running cost of retail outlets in the form of manpower and electricity because the oil companies and the government are not approving good margin to dealers,\" CIPD joint secretary (Southern Region) Rajiv Amaram told the media here on Saturday. However, Andhra Pradesh Federation of Petroleum Traders (APFPT) president M Prabhakar Reddy differed with CIPD's decision on single shift.In a release issued here, Prabhakar Reddy said: \"There is no situation which warrants any type of agitations by petrol pump dealers. Hence, it has been resolved that in the interest of dealers, the APFPT will not undertake any type of agitation till further notice.\"\"In AP, including the twin cities, the fuel outlets will work round-the clock. The decision of one shift system will be not be implemented in the city,\" he told STOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "gurgaon/chandigarh", "code": "16803798", "title": "Power plants out of coal, once again", "text": "GURGAON/CHANDIGARH: Power cut is staring at Haryana once again as three of its thermal power plants are facing acute shortage of coal. Haryana Power Generation Corporation Limited (HPGCL) has expressed concern over the depleting coal stock at Khedar and Jhajjar thermal plants.According the daily report on coal stock by the Central Electricity Authority (CEA), the 1320MW Jhajjar thermal plant had 46,000MT of coal on Thursday which would last only a few days. The 1200MW Khedar thermal plant had around 1 lakh MT which would last six days. At NTPC's 1000MW thermal plant at Jhajjar, the coal stock is only for three days. Haryana has a daily production of 2745MW against the total requirement of around 5,000MW during non-summer days. The demand goes up during peak hours.The dwindling coal stock at HPGCL's plants is a big problem for the corporation as state-owned Coal India has turned down its request for enhancement of supply from 4.5MT to 5.48MT for 2012-13 and conversion of coal grade from 'F' to 'D' for its Khedar thermal power plant. 'D' quality coal is better for thermal plants. Sources said HPGCL's failure to make payments on time has caused the problems in the supply.Haryana power minister Ajay Singh admitted that there is a shortage of coal at power plants, but maintained that the situation is likely to improve by next week. The minister also admitted that the poor quality of coal also affected power production. \"Chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda has already taken up the issue with the coal ministry for early release of coal to these plants. There was some payment issues, but it has been sorted out,'' the minister said.While Haryana Power Engineers Association, which is an affiliate body of All India Power Engineers Federation, has also blamed poor planning by Haryana for such a situation. \"Central Electricity Authority favoured coal supply of 5.48MT for this project, but the ministry restricted the quantum to 4.5MT for 2012-13. Coal India is also a professional body, how can they work without money, hence Haryana has to be blamed for the crisis,'' Vinod Gupta, an office-bearer of HPEA, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16803404", "title": "CPI leadership worried as cadres move to CPM", "text": "COIMBATORE: Former CPI district secretary, P Ilamparuthi told TOI that the 6,000 cadres, who plan to join the CPM represent more than 20,000 party sympathizers in Dharmapuri.\"We turned a disenchanted lot soon after D Pandian returned to the party after his long sojourn with the splinter group of Mohit Sen (a senior CPI leader who with S A Dange left CPI in the 1970s to align with the Congress). Our differences are purely political and the decision not to field a candidate in Pudukottai by-election to favour the AIADMK came as a rude shock to us. The party state executive held in Coimbatore was eyewash and it failed to make even a feeble noise about the government hiking bus fares and electricity charges,\" said Ilamparuthi.He wondered how Pandian would justify his political stand when Jayalalithaa forges an alliance with the BJP in the next Lok Sabha election. He said a communist party can't support a leader whose ideology is soft Hindutva and regards BJP leader Narendra Modi as her mentor.Ilamparuthi has been with the party for over four decades and held the district secretary's post for over a quarter century. \"We are leaving CPI as the party has forsaken working class politics and started behaving like a bourgeois party. The present leaders are least concerned about the communist organizational set up and mass action,'' said Deva Pariban.However, CPI district secretary B C Nanjappa said a few disillusioned cadres leaving the party would have no impact on CPI. \"They were inactive for a long time and their exit would not cause any damage to the mass appeal of the party,'' he said.P Dillibabu, the CPM MLA from Harur in Dharmapuri, said the party's organizational set up in Dharmapuri would be strengthened with the arrival of CPI cadres.\"We have very good following in the district since we have espoused burning social issues like the police atrocities in Vachathi. The arrival of CPI cadres would help us focus more on larger public issues,'' he said.A vertical split in a district like Dharmapuri is likely to hit the CPI, which is already plagued by desertion of cadres, hard in Tamil Nadu. It could also pose a new hurdle to Left unity as this is the second instance in recent months of CPI leaders and cadres joining the CPM. In May this year, Villupuram district secretary A V Stalinmani had left the party to join CPM.That CPM is leaving no stone unturned to welcome the rebels would not please the CPI leadership. A galaxy of CPM state leaders including state secretary G Ramakrishnan and senior leader K Balakrishnan are expected to attend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "centurion", "code": "16799806", "title": "KKR vs DD: Delhi Daredevils thrash Kolkata Knight Riders by 52 runs", "text": "CENTURION: Delhi Daredevils produced a superb bowling show as they crushed Kolkata Knight Riders by 52 runs in their opening Champions League Twenty20 match on Saturday.Scorecard | Match in PicsSent into bat, Daredevils posted a competitive 160 for eight and then restricted KKR to 108 for seven on a Centurion pitch which assisted pace bowling though it had uneven bounce at times.Pacers Umesh Yadav (2/13), Irfan Pathan (2/20), Morne Morkel (2/25) and Ajit Agarkar (1/21) shared the seven wickets among them to inflict a crushing defeat on KKR in the Group A match.KKR, the reigning IPL champions, made a mess of their run chase with three wickets falling in seven balls. To make matters worse for them, Jacques Kallis retired hurt without scoring in the 10th ball after being hit on his fingers by a Morne Morkel rising delivery.Kallis' fingers were seen bleeding on the impact of the delivery and he had to leave the field in pain when his side's score was just four.Manoj Tiwary top-scored with a 38-ball 33 which included two fours and a six while Rajat Bhatia was the second highest scorer with 26.Pathan, who opened bowling, rocked the KKR innings with his inswinging deliveries as he took two wickets in the first over itself.KKR captain Gautam Gambhir continued his poor form as he was the first one to go for a golden duck in the third ball of the innings. He holed out to Pietersen at mid-on failing to negotiate an inswinging delivery.Three balls later, Pathan had Bisla (1) for his second wicket. Bisla missed another inswinging delivery and was plumbed in front of wicket.KKR were reeling at three for two wickets and matters became worse with Brendon McCullum departing in the first ball of Morkel with Chand holding a catch at point.Morkel was bowling near 150km per hour at times and one such delivery rose and hit Kallis on his gloves and his fingers bled at the impact.KKR crawled to 24 for four at the end of the fifth over and then to 41 for four with just two fours in the first 10 overs. At the halfway mark, the asking rate had shot up to 12 runs per over.Manoj Tiwary and Rajat Bhatia tried to make a match out of it but that effort ended in the 15th over after the duo shared 47 runs -- highest partnership for KKR -- for the fifth wicket from 9.2 overs.At the end of the 15th over, the writing was on the wall for KKR as the asking rate has shot up to around 18 runs per overs.Earlier, young Unmukt Chand and Ross Taylor played fine cameos as Delhi Daredevils posted a competitive 160 for eight.Most of the big guns of the Daredevils could not come up with a big score with only Chand (40) and Taylor (36) contributing substantially after being sent into bat.Except for the 64-run stand for the fourth wicket in 64 balls between Chand and Taylor, there was no substantial partnership for the Daredevils. Their score would have been much smaller had not Lakshmipathy Balaji yielded 30 runs in the 17th over.Chand, who was timing the ball superbly throughout his innings, four fours and two sixes from the 27 balls he faced. Taylor struck one four and two sixes in his 24-ball innings.Off-spinner Sunil Narine was the pick of the KKR bowlers as he grabbed three wickets for 21. Balaji was expensive as he conceded 61 runs for two wickets while Brett Lee and Jacques Kallis chipped in with one wicket each.Daredevils did begin well with Virender Sehwag (22) and captain Mahela Jayawardene (21) putting on 36 runs in 5.1 overs but later on lost wickets in regular intervals before regaining ground towards the close to post a decent score.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16804585", "title": "Restaurateur\u2019s murder; Gun licence in name of accused\u2019s father", "text": "LUCKNOW The licensed revolver with which co-owner of Sakhawat restaurant Mukhtar Ali was shot dead on Friday in Moulviganj area has been traced to the father of the accused.Meanwhile, on the basis of eye- witness accounts, accused Ravi Shankar Tripathi alias Monu, was sent to jail on Saturday.The police could not reach the exact motive behind the crime. \"Family members of the deceased claimed the two had developed enmity a few days back,\" said Mahant Yadav, station officer Aminabad. The reason that led to the animosity, though, was not known.Monu has been pleading innocence but police relied solely on eyewitness accounts in the absence of ballistic and forensic examination report.The report will come in only after three weeks and will finally establish if the shot was fired by Tripathi.The fact that the bullet entered through the right side of Ali's temple (Monu is reportedly right-handed) and presence of accused at Trauma Centre, reinforces the need for thorough investigation into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16809385", "title": "Sweet truth: Dessert makeover", "text": "Predictable, plain vanilla desserts are out. From Japanese sesame cakes and green-tea ice-cream to dessert tasting menus, rounding off a great meal is getting more and more inventive.You don't have ice-cream anymore, you go to a swish outlet and get yourself a gelato. You don't order caramel custard, you ask for a creme brulee. You may be a little confused about how to say 'meringue' correctly, but to dig into one, you just have to ask your nearest home baker.The city once known for a certain chocolatey dessert that promised to cause fatalities is on a sugar high like never before. Restaurants are rolling out a dizzying array of desserts even inviting patrons to make a meal of sweet somethings while international dessert chains bring the most exotic flavours home at fine-dining prices. Restaurant kitchens are busy creating innovative confections and talented pastry chefs are in demand like never before, because no fine-dining restaurant worth its name will offer generic staples like cheesecakes anymore -- desserts have to be in keeping with a restaurant's theme.So while the Oriental Rim Naam will offer you lemongrass ice-cream at the end of your meal, Bengali restaurant Oh! Calcutta will urge you to round off with a nolen gur ice-cream made from the finest Bengal jaggery. Not satisfied with that, some fine-dining places are also offering dessert meals. Olive Beach has created a three-course dessert menu with tasting portions of plated desserts based on a theme: berry, citrus, toffee or chocolate.Starting with a light strawberry consomme, patrons can move on to an orange meringue filled with passion curd and served with a tangy chilled lemon sorbet. The 'main course' can be either a moist pineapple upside down cake served with roasted pineapple sorbet or a chocolate tart served with oatmeal anglaise and cinnamon ice-cream. This is followed by caramel pot de creme served with milk chocolate maple cream and smoked vanilla foam.\"Chef Manu (Chandra) and I thought it would be a good idea to create a tasting menu to take desserts to a different level. We have tried to do this by taking favourites such as meringues and pineapple upside down cake and giving them a new twist by adding fresh elements. For instance, some of our desserts have subtle hints of savoury items like chili, pepper and avocado not enough to overwhelm the basic taste but to add a subtle burst of flavour,\" says Girish Nayak, pastry chef, Olive Beach.Desserts have always been about a bit of drama just think of the baked Alaska, which is brought to the diners' table even as flames lick the top layer of this famous dessert. West View - The Grill Room at ITC Gardenia is trying to create this by serving a creme brulee that is caramelised at the guests' table. Besides, the restaurant also serves up a warm passion fruit and basil soup, embellished with white rum and coconut ice-cream, as part of its signature desserts that are priced above Rs 450 plus taxes. \"There is an increased demand by guests to explore contemporary and unusual flavors,\" says a senior executive at the ITC Gardenia.The star property's Japanese restaurant EDO has a dessert menu that consists of goma mochi (sesame cakes with adzuki bean and milk), macha ice-cream (green-tea flavoured ice cream) and yuzu cheesecake (Japanese lemon cake). ITC Gardenia also offers customers a 'dessert bar' a buffet of 16 to 17 sweet dishes at the Cubbon Pavilion priced at Rs 750 plus taxes. \"The 'desert bar' has both Indian and western specialties, with an ice-cream bar complete with hot sauces, candied fruits, toasted nuts, and a dedicated fruit bar international fruits like kiwi, rambutan and Californian grapes,\" says a hotel executive.Abhijit Saha of Caperberry and Fava doesn't think desserts would work as a meal concept, but believes that the kinds of desserts being served at restaurants are evolving as consumers are always looking out for newer experiences. Caperberry has taken the tried-and-tested tiramisu with what it calls 'tiramisu live at the table'. All the ingredients that make a up a tiramisu are brought on a trolley and made in front of the guest in under five minutes. The fine-dining restaurant is also innovating on desserts using liquid nitrogen. \"There is also a growing trend for lighter desserts that have more fruit content in them like kiwi and berries,\" says Saha.Yuvna Damani, owner of dessert bar and patisserie A Spoonful of Sugar, tucked away in a bylane off 100 ft Road in Indiranagar, says, \"The concept of dessert has evolved over the past five years thanks to the emergence of dessert bars and patisseries, which have made consumers more informed and have allowed them to experiment and try out various kinds of desserts.\" The average billing per person for desserts at Spoonful of Sugar is around Rs 500.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16802638", "title": "Preliminary rounds of international mediation contest begins", "text": "BHOPAL: Preliminary rounds of the National Law Institute University (NLIU) International Mediation Competition began on Saturday.The competition has 32 teams, which will be contesting in three main stages including preliminaries, advanced and the finals.According to organisers, preliminaries organized on the first day were conducted in three rounds.Each team has three members, a client, a counsel and a mediator to ensure every team member participates as a client, counsel and a mediator, at least once.The top eight teams will make it to the advanced rounds, which is to be a knockout session.The problems of the competition are centred on areas of law such as a contract of service, contract of employment, public contracts and others.Three preliminary rounds took place on Saturday with participation of all teams. The competition turned very interesting as more teams brought in new solutions, new arguments and in many matches the parties could actually reach a solution and even signed an agreement.The team from Rajiv Gandhi National University of Law, Paiala and National Law University Orissa had an interesting match where a lot of aggression was shown by both parties, unprecedented for a mediation session.A successful match took place between National Law School of India University, Bangalore and Drake Law School.Both the teams had good verbal skills and presented their ideas in a very organized manner.The other teams that had good solutions on board were Jindal Global Law School and Amity Law School, Lucknow.Team of National University of Juridicial Sciences Kolkata said they enjoyed working on the problems set up while National Law Institute University, Orissa felt it was quite a task to work on the issues involved. The finals will be organised on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16804278", "title": "\u2018Shudra is an attempt to learn past lessons\u2019", "text": "NAGPUR: Shudra \u2014 The Rising, a film chronicling atrocities committed centuries ago on the members of that community, will be released on October 19 after a lot of controversies that marred the project.Speaking about the film, director Sanjiv Jaiswal said that the film is only an attempt to portray the truth.\"If we can be proud of our history, we should also have the courage to be ashamed of our past. It is only after we accept the wrong doings of the past that we can attempt to bring a change in our present,\" he insisted.A tussle ensued between the censor board and the film makers due to various reasons. The bone of contention was the name. \"The censor board claimed that the name will be disrespectful to the community and this issue alone took about four months to resolve until the time we could convince them,\" Jaiswal said.Many people had backed out of supporting the project and claimed that the film had a political influence. \"It is an apolitical film. We don't have anything to do with any party, if that was the case we wouldn't be facing so many problems,\" he pointed out.The objective of the film was not to hurt any community but to just highlight the plight of a set of people who just happened to be born in a particular community. \"I want to make people feel the pain those people endured so that there is a change in the mentality. Castism is not a disease which can be cured quickly. Only continued efforts will solve the problem. And my film is one such step in that direction,\" Jaiswal further added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16804526", "title": "Varanasi to be represented at launching of Green Pilgrimage Cities Network", "text": "VARANASI: The millennia old city Varanasi, which is one of the important religious places of the country, will make its representation at the launching ceremony of Green Pilgrimage Cities Network -Indian Chapter during Hyderabad conference of Alliance of Religions and Conservation (ARC).The mayor of Varanasi Ramgopal Mohale has been invited to attend the conference. \"I will put our plan -Vision 2015 for glorious Kashi at the conference along with the heritage importance of the city and protection of Ganga,\" Mohle told TOI before leaving to Hyderabad on Saturday. The plan would include environmental development and beautification of the city, he said.The conference is going to be held at Hyderabad to develop a network of Green Pilgrimage sites in India at a meeting of faith-based environmentalists. The meeting is being organised by the international organisation ICLEI - Local Governments for Sustainability, a long-term partner of ARC in the Green Pilgrimage project.ICLEI - Local Governments for Sustainability founded in 1990 as the 'International Council for Local Environmental Initiatives' is the world's leading association of cities and local governments dedicated to sustainable development. It promotes local action for global sustainability and supports cities to become sustainable, resilient, resource-efficient, bio-diverse, low-carbon, to build a smart infrastructure, and to develop an inclusive, green urban economy. The ultimate aim is to achieve healthy and happy communities.The ARC founded in 1995 is a secular body that helps major religions of the world to develop their own environmental programmes, based on their own core teachings, beliefs and practices. ARC and WWF have been working with the environmental side of sacred sites and pilgrimage routes. According to ARC programme, ICLEI is inviting representatives from fifteen pilgrimage sites across India to join with other international cities in attending a workshop at Hyderabad to explore ways to make their holy places as sustainable as possible.The meeting will be held on October 14 and will be the precursor to the international summit meeting 'Cities For Life', another important ICLEI gathering looking at the role of cities and other sub-national regions in biodiversity issues. This summit has been arranged in partnership with the Indian government as a parallel event to the national-level Conference of the Parties (COP) to the Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD), which will be holding its 11th session in Hyderabad at the same time on October 15 and 16.By gathering together both national and local government representation with a shared focus on the issues of biodiversity it is to be hoped that a co-ordinated strategy working at all levels can be achieved. At present Amritsar is the only Indian pilgrimage site to have formally joined the Green Pilgrimage Network.The Green Pilgrimage Network was launched at a function in Assisi, Italy organised from October 31 to November 2, 2011 by the ARC in association with WWF. A ban on cars on pilgrimage routes, solar panels for cathedral roofs, provision of fresh clean, water for pilgrims, and the planting of thousands of trees around sacred sites - these are just some of the initiatives, which the founder members of the Green Pilgrimage Network have pledged to implement. The Green Pilgrimage Network brings together faiths and local governments to make their pilgrim cities and sacred sites as environmentally sustainable as possible, according to their own theologies and understanding of the natural world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16804885", "title": "Weaving units to observe bandh", "text": "SURAT: About 6.5 lakh powerloom machines in the country's biggest man-made fabric hub in the city will come to a grinding halt on Monday following a bandh call announced by Federation of Gujarat Weavers Association (FOGWA) to protest the arrest of two weavers by police in connection with the alleged kidnapping of a textile trader.The bandh call, according to the office-bearers of FOGWA, was announced after 700 weaving units in Sachin GIDC voluntarily closed down on Saturday to protest the arrest of the weavers. Industry sources said the two weavers, who have been booked, run powerloom units in Sachin GIDC.FOGWA leaders said a public meeting of the weavers will be held in Katargam community hall on Monday. Issues such as harassment of weavers by police, increasing cases of defaults by textile traders and the payment terms would be raised in the presence of tens of thousands of weavers.FOGWA president Ashok Jirawala told TOI, \"The entire weaving sector stands united over the harassment meted out to innocent weavers by the police. Some people are always on the lookout of gullible weavers only to default on payment running into lakhs of rupees. The weaving sector needs to work out payment terms with textile traders as well as yarn dealers. We also demand that the textile market committees and associations identify the fly-by-night-operators active in the market.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16806750", "title": "UP government puts on hold appointment of 15,000 health personnel under NRHM", "text": "LUCKNOW: After raising doubts over the integrity of the chief medical officers (CMOs) posted in various districts, state health minister Ahmad Hasan froze appointment of over 15000 medical personnel including doctors, nurses and technicians under Ashirwad Child Health Guarantee Scheme of the National Rural Health Mission.The decision was taken following complaints of anomalies in appointments. The minister has ordered scrutiny of the recruitment process of every district, during which period the department will not issue any appointment letter to the candidates selected so far. The move assumes importance in the light of the incident in Gonda district where the CMO was allegedly abducted and harassed by minister Vinod Singh, who later resigned, when the CMO refused to appoint the candidates recommended by the minister. The latter, however, alleged large scale anomalies in the appointment process.Earlier, during the day, when asked to react on the Gonda incident and accusations of Vinod Singh, the health minister had said \"Everybody knows how CMOs work in the state. The entire NRHM scam during the previous BSP regime is testimony to the fact. I will make a big disclosure in a day or two.\" The statement drew flak from government doctors who said that the health minister seems to be prejudice even before the start of the inquiry.However, after a meeting late on Saturday night, Hasan decided to freeze all the appointments. \"We found that there were complaints from many districts mainly due to a faulty guideline for appointment. So we have decided to stall the process till we resolve the matter,\" he told reporters. Health department officers revealed that the minister has also ordered scrutiny of appointments across the state.The appointments put on hold include that of around 8000 doctors, 7365 basic health workers, 650 nurses, 350 lab technicians and 150 X-ray technicians among others. Out of over 8000 doctors, 3000 were AYUSH (ayurvedic, unani and siddha and homeopathy ), around 2000 dentists and 3000 MBBS (allopathy).These appointments were done for effective implementation of the Ashirwad Child Health Guarantee Scheme to achieve better standards of infant, child and adolescent health and check neonatal mortality. The doctors were to be appointed on contractual basis at a fix pay of Rs 24,000. Selection of the doctors was to be done by the district health society which is headed by the district magistrate. But there are complaints that norms set for selection and the reservation norms were not followed in many districts.Earlier, after four days of dilly-dallying, the state government on Saturday evening finally ordered an inquiry into the alleged abduction of Gonda CMO. Top officials of the district were removed The inquiry will cover role of all the removed officers and the allegations of irregularities against the CMO in appointment of doctors on contract basis.The officers who were given marching orders include Gonda district magistrate Abhay, superintendent of police Kripa Shankar, chief development officer Arvind Kumar Singh and the victim CMO, Dr S P Singh. While Roshan Jacob has been posted as the new district magistrate, Navneet Rana would be the new district police chief and Munni Lal Pandey will be the new CDO.The charge of the CMO has been handed over to his deputy Dr A K Srivastava. Commissioner, Lucknow division, Sanjeev Mittal, has been asked to probe the matter and submit the report in seven days. The removed officers have been kept in waiting till the inquiry gets over.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16805310", "title": "Only 64 of 1800 youths selected at job fair", "text": "KANPUR: Only 64 youths among the participating 1800 managed to gain employment with companies visiting the employment fair organised by the Employment Exchange here on Friday.Only three companies- Corporate Services, Net Abit and Net Connect appeared in the fair to provide jobs to qualified unemployed youths. However, after daylong interviews and screening, Corporate Services selected 32, Net Abit picked 28 and Net Connect offered jobs to four youths only.The results of the first employment fair were surprisingly depressing for the officials of the exchange who have vowed to learn from the debacle and improve things in the next fair. The visiting companies were expected to pick as many as 500 unemployed youths, but rejected a majority of them. The unemployed youth included those holding MBA, BTech and IT degrees, but were not selected primarily because of their poor knowledge of English. Many could not pronounce words like 'zoom' and 'insurance' correctly.The exchange officials said the candidates lacked confidence and stammered while responding to questions posed by the interviewers. They said fewer unemployed youth would be called in the next fair, and even those would be taken through a two to three day crash course.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16808856", "title": "Campaign to raise awareness on rheumatic diseases", "text": "PUNE: Doctors, representatives of medical associations, patients and general public in Pune came together as part of 'Waving for World Arthritis Day' campaign to raise awareness on importance of physical activity for patients of rheumatic and musculoskeletal diseases (RMDs). World Arthritis Day is celebrated every year on October 12.Underlining the importance of physical activity Hemant Wakankar, head of orthopaedic and joint replacement department, Deenanath Mangeshkar Hospital, Pune said, \"\"Research has shown that even small amounts of physical activity can, not only benefit people with RMDs, helping them to stay mobile, independent and able to participate in society, but are also important in helping to prevent some joint problems and conditions such as osteoporosis.\"\"To highlight the vital role of physical activity, the World Arthritis Day organisers invited everyone to send in photographs and videos showing people waving their support. World Arthritis Day provides a platform for those affected by RMDs to make their voices heard and to highlight some of the issues these people face.Explaining RMD, Wakankar said, \"\"There are various forms of arthritis like rheumatoid arthritis; characterised by morning stiffness and inflammation of the joints, fibromyalgia; characterised by swelling of joints, osteoarthritis; age-related arthritis and juvenile rheumatoid arthritis (JRA).\" Highlighting the ease and availability of treatment, Wakankar said, \"Joint and bone diseases are no more that difficult to handle. With advanced techniques and instrumentation available in arthroplasty and orthopaedics the cure is so much simpler. Lack of awareness on the latest advanced treatments available and fear of complicated surgeries makes a common man suffer a life of pain. The key objective here is to bridge this knowledge gap and help these people enjoy a pain free life.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16804046", "title": "Der Aaye Durast Aaye, Modiji!", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Breaking his silence on Robert Vadra, who is in the middle of a controversy, chief minister Narendra Modi finally took a dig at Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law on Saturday at Dwarka. Modi, who never misses an opportunity to target the Gandhi family, had maintained a studied silence after Arvind Kejriwal of India Against Corruption had alleged that Vadra got favours from realty major DLF in a quid pro quo deal with Haryana government. Incidentally, the Gujarat government too had allotted prime land to DLF in Gandhinagar at a concessional rate in 2007. Congress leaders have alleged that this was done without an auction and caused a revenue loss of Rs 253 crore to the Gujarat exchequer if one takes into account the then market rates. The exchequer lost Rs 142.28 crore if the then jantri rates were taken into account.Taking a dig at UPA government for defending Vadra, Modi said, \"The Congress lacks sensitivity when it comes to expressing solidarity with victims of terrorism. But some allegations against the son-in-law of one family brought them all to their feet. The allegations are of the personal nature but the party and the Delhi Sultanate is out to save Vadra.\" Modi, however, did not mention about DLF being given land in Gandhinagar.He said that despite the allegations being personal, the entire Delhi government and the Congress was caught in a storm. He then went on to say that during a terror attack, only the party reacts, but after the personal attack everybody in the government was out to defend the 'Jamai Raja' (son-in-law).\"This is for the first time that the entire government, all its ministers are deputed to defend the Jamai Raja,\" he said at a function in Dwarka, which was recently carved out as a separate district from Jamnagar.He also took a dig at the Congress for not taking any action against the Congress MP from Porbandar Vitthal Radadia who had brandished a gun at a toll booth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16804050", "title": "Dejected girl student jumps into Futala Lake, saved", "text": "NAGPUR: Timely action by a boatman saved a 20-year-old girl who attempted suicide by jumping into Futala Lake, on Saturday afternoon. Puja Dobra, a B.Sc first year student, took the extreme step under depression after repeatedly failing to clear her exams.Puja, resident of Datta Nagar in Wadi, was not booked by police and was left with a warning. The victim is undergoing treatment at a private hospital and is stated to be out of danger.According to the family members, Puja failed twice in the first year. She reappeared for the supplementary but failed to clear. The family members informed that the supplementary exam result was declared just a couple of days back. \"Since Puja failed to clear the exam again, she slipped into depression. All our attempts to encourage failed to cheer her up and she continued to be dejected,\" said Ankul, her brother.Ankul said, \"Puja would get tense even on small things.\" On Saturday noon, Puja had been to her college, at Maharajbagh square, to collect the mark sheet. After an hour, Ankul received a call from the police informing him about Puja's attempt to suicide.Head constable from Ambazari police, Prakash Dohne, deployed at Futala Lake, informed that the girl was spotted sitting on the parapet wall for around 10 minutes. \"As soon as she jumped, people standing nearby alerted others by screaming. Meanwhile, the boatman who was sailing in the lake, jumped towards the girl and brought her out within minutes,\" Dhone explained.However, the saviour refused to be named and avoid giving any statement or details to the cops. Dohne immediately rushed her to the nearby private hospital and informed her parents by using the contact numbers mentioned on her college identity card.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "vinukonda", "code": "16802574", "title": "Big lobby behind 'fishy' move", "text": "VINUKONDA: In what could be a matter of shame for the district administration that keeps even the toughest general elections trouble-free, the elections to a small fish tank society have been abruptly postponed due to a 'law and order' situation. Guntur district collector S Suresh Kumar hurriedly signed the order to postpone the Dondapadu fisheries society elections just hours before the AP high court asked the district administration to go ahead with the polling. Sources indicated that top police brought pressure on the district police to give an adverse report on the local conditions only with a view to put off the elections.Sources said a local fish merchant lobbied with a former additional DGP to exert pressure on the state police bosses who in turn turned the heat on the district police. The trouble has been brewing over netting of fish worth Rs 10 crore in Dondapadu tank near Vinukonda for nearly a year. As per the original schedule issued last month, the elections to the controversial Dondapadu fisheries society were slated on Monday. Quashing a petition filed by a faction of the village, a high court bench headed by Justice C V Nagarjuna Reddy on Friday directed the collector to hold the elections and keep the declaration of results in abeyance till further orders.Stung by it, the rival group, which reportedly has the blessings of the police bosses, pressurised the district collector to postpone the elections on the basis of a report prepared by the DSP. Under pressure, the district collector is believed to have signed the election postponement order dated Thursday in order to avoid the HC's ire.The 1100-acre Dondapadu tank, is one of the biggest fish tanks in the state. It all began a few years ago when two groups headed by fish exporters attempted to take control of the society keeping in view the huge stocks available in the tank. Clashes took place in the past and police slapped cases against both of them. The situation turned volatile when the society opened a membership drive and took nearly 203 new members two years ago. While one group backed by police wanted only old 223 members to vote, the other insisted on the new members participating in the voting . While the group which had the support of police officers had been pressurizing the officials to conduct the elections based on the old list containing 223 members, the other group insisted that all the 426 members be allowed to cast their votes.Amidst controversies, the fisheries department postponed the elections last year and sought the intervention of HC which asked the fisheries commissioner to conduct an inquiry into the membership controversy. With the fisheries commissioner confirming all the 426 members as valid voters, the court asked the administration to conduct the electionsbased on the commissioner's report. Subsequently, the district collector appointed Tenali fisheries development officer Radhakrishna as an election officer and released a detailed schedule for elections.While the notification was issued on October, 8, Narasaraopet DSP Venkatramireddy asked the election officer to postpone the elections keeping in view the law and order situation. Objecting to the DSP's report, the election officer said police had no business to seek postponement and went ahead to conduct elections. As a last resort, the rival group once again approached HC which too struck down their petition asking the collector to go ahead with the polls. Sensing that they would lose elections, the group succeeded in postponing the elections by exerting pressure on the collector.Interestingly, a senior YSR Congress leader from Kadapa district is reported to have influenced the district police in giving a favourable report to postpone the elections. When contacted, fisheries deputy director M Balaram confirmed that the elections were postponed based on the tehsildar and DSP report. He said that they have not received the HC order yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16804280", "title": "Eye on aviation pie", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: With a view to augmenting air connectivity in the state, the Odisha government has approached the International Civil Aviation Organisation (ICAO), a Montreal-based United Nations body, to extend support in developing a roadmap.\"We have discussed our plans for developing the civil aviation sector in Odisha and requested ICAO to send a team to the state soon,\" secretary, commerce and transport, G Mathivatanan, told TOI. Mathivatanan met secretary general of ICAO Raymond Benjamin in New Delhi on Friday. \"Benjamin assured to send a team to assess the state's potential in the civil aviation sector soon and help build a roadmap for developing Greenfield airports and other infrastructure,\" Mathivatanan informed.The ICAO was created in 1944 \"to promote safe and orderly development of international civil aviation throughout the world. It sets standards and regulations necessary for aviation safety, security, efficiency and regularity, as well as for aviation environmental protection. The organization serves as the forum for cooperation in all fields of civil aviation among its 191 member states\", says the organisation's website.Official sources said the state government's top brass is keen on improving air connectivity, intra-state, inter-state and international, to meet the growth challenges in future. Odisha currently has 17 airstrips and 16 helipads.While chief minister Naveen Patnaik has been pursuing the Union government to accord international status to the Biju Patnaik airport at Bhubaneswar and also sought support for expansion of the airstrip at Jharsuguda, the state government is planning to develop at least five Greenfield airports, including at upcoming industrial centres like Paradip, Dhamra, Angul, Kalinganagar and Rayagada. Moreover, it has proposed to upgrade existing airstrips at Gopalpur, Jharsuguda, Jeypore, Barbil and Rourkela, official sources said.\"We wish to develop connectivity and domestic terminals as well as establish aviation training institutes,\" a senior officer said. The state-owned Industrial Promotion and Investment Corporation of Odisha Limited (Ipicol), of which Mathivatanan is the chief, in collaboration with various stakeholders, has already started work on facilitating investment in aviation activities to boost trade and tourism, officials added.The state government, sources noted, is hopeful of the Biju Patnaik airport getting international flights from next year. \"Once that is achieved, we might explore developing Jharsuguda into an airport. Union civil aviation minister Ajit Singh in a meeting with the chief minister in September has suggested that we consider developing it through public-private-partnership model,\" a senior officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16809417", "title": "Mumbai clubs' poor run continues in I-League", "text": "MUMBAI: After a disastrous Round One for Mumbai clubs in the I-League where all three city teams - Air India, Mumbai FC and ONGC - crashed to defeats, Round Two brought with it hope of a better show but it wasn't to be.After Air India got hammered 5-0 by United SC in the opener, it was ONGC's turn this time around with a merciless Churchill Brothers putting five past the Mumbai club.What was appalling was the fact that all the goals came in the first half. The defence was all at sea while all the attack was restricted only to the Goan side.In Pune, Mumbai FC lost their second consecutive game 3-2 after being 2-1 up when Jeje Lalpekhlua fired the winner for Derrick Pereira's boys.Coach Khalid Jamil will be as happy with his strikers as he would be disappointed with his defence that has leaked 6 goals in two games now. Air India's story was no different as their trip to Kolkata to play Pailan Arrows ended in a 2-1 defeat.Slow starts have always seen Mumbai clubs end up battling for survival more than anything and if the first two rounds are any sign to go by, then things look bleak.Mumbai FC finished 11th last season while Air India ended up at 9th position. ONGC have already tasted relegation once in 2010. The clubs can only hope that Round 3 has better things in store.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16804627", "title": "Waterlogging still prevails in Nazarbagh", "text": "LUCKNOW: Monsoon woes may be over for the rest of the city, but not for 68-year-old Raj Rani Arora, a resident of Nazar Bagh, as she continues to find her house marooned in a pool of stagnating water. The situation has turned so grim for Raj Rani that she often she requires a rickshaw to move out of her house.\"My house has three entrances from main gate, garage and drawing room but all are blocked because of waterlogging. The foul smell and mosquito breeding has made the situation worse,\" she says.And it is not only Raj Rani alone, who is facing the peculiar situation, thanks to the blocked drainage system in the locality. Residents claim that many of them have fallen sick because of the poor civic situation in the area. \"The condition has become pathetic and sweepers have refused to clean the chocked drains,\" said Sumit (28), a resident of the area..\"Additional municipal commissioner RK Srivastava said that the locality has been facing the problem of choked sewer line for quite sometime.\"The work of cleaning it is being taken up by the water works department. People may hope to get relief soon,\" Srivastava said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "the state government's decision to create a dedicated cell is an appreciable move, which will hit at the heart of what's ailing mumbai's realty", "code": "16805238", "title": "Give the new cell in Maharashtra a free hand", "text": "The state government's decision to create a dedicated cell is an appreciable move, which will hit at the heart of what's ailing Mumbai's realty: political-official-contractor nexus. The uncontrolled growth of squatters, surreptitious additions and alterations being carried out by developers with the connivance of the authorities, is not only turning the city into an urban nightmare, but also fuelling the rise of slumlords and land mafia. The state government should ensure the new cell is given a free hand, not turned into dumping ground for shunted officers. The government must also try to set up fast-track courts considering land cases always get entangled in lengthy legal battles.Related story : Govt proposes special police cell for urban development", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "16804259", "title": "PIL seeks 90 lakh damages for jumbo deaths", "text": "KEONJHAR: With rampant deaths of elephants in recent weeks due to electrocution, some animal lovers have filed a public interest litigation (PIL) at the civil court in Keonjhar against power distribution company Nesco. Advocates Jagatjit Das, Sanjukta Deo, Kusum Prusty and Shantilata Maharana are demanding a compensation of Rs 90 lakh for the death of three elephants recently, accusing Nesco of negligence. They argue, since the forest department has been unable to check jumbo deaths, the money be paid to them so that they can help contain the malaise.Sources said the three elephants, including a tusker, were electrocuted after they came in contact with live wires hanging in a cashew field in Telkoi forest range area. The PIL alleged Nesco authorities were not taking adequate precautions to ensure safety in the elephant corridor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16810464", "title": "Demand for setting up a national level Mandan- Bharati Research Centre gains momentum", "text": "PATNA: The impromptu demand for setting up a national level Mandan- Bharati Research Centre at Mahishi in Saharsa district gains momemtum in view of the CM Nitish Kumar's proposed programme to inaugurate the two-day 'Sri Ugratara Sanskritik Mahotsav' (Sri Ugratara Cultural festival) on October 17.The temple is associated with Tantrik cult where saints and other devotees from far and wide across the country assemble during the ten-day-long 'Shardiya Navratra' for penance. Although devotees from various parts of the country visit the place throughout the year, the main attraction of the temple is Dussehra in October during which more than one lakh people come here to worship the goddess.In the midst of the Durga puja, department of tourism, government of Bihar in collaboration with Saharsa district administration, is organising first ever two-day 'Sri Ugratara' cultural fest at Sarvodaya maidan, Mahishi in which several programmes including a seminar and cultural programmes are lined up. A souvenir ' Darohar' will also be released on this occasion. A galaxy of politicians including MPs Sharad Yadav, Dinesh Chandra Yadav, state tourism minister Sunil K Pintu, chairman of the Bihar State Board of Relgious Trusts Acharya Kishore Kunal and local legislators are expected to attend.A large number of local intellectuals, social activists and teachers have made a fresh demand for setting up a national level research centre to revive the rich tradition of this place. \"The tradition of should be revived as one of the greatest research centres\", said dozens of local residents of Mahishi.Saharsa MP Dinesh Chandra Yadav told TOI that he would also take up the matter related to its development to the Central government. Way back in 2010, Yadav had also raised this issue in the Lok Sabha. \" There is a strong need to declare Ugratara temple in Mahishi as a tourist place and provide adequate facilities at the site of the temple\", Yadav said.A two day exhibition is also proposed during festival showcasing the cultural treasure of Mithila like Madhubani Painting, the festivals and rituals of Mithila, auspicious paintings by ladies, \"Sama\" and \"Chakewa\", the special food items of Mithila, the historical places of Mithila and many more. Along with this, stalls of various government departments will also be put to create awareness among people about the various relief programmes running for them.Collectively the exhibition will make people aware about their forgotten treasure which is still alive in one or other form. It will also provide a platform to common people to exhibit their art, skills and specialties of them.\"Thousands of people including from entire Mithila region and Nepal are expected to attend this festival\", said an official. Recently a blackstone 'shivling' type structure was discovered barely at one-km away from 'Ugratara' temple. Mahishi has witnessed the discovery of a large number of antiquities, including potteries, in recent years. \"This entire region needs to be thoroughly explored to find out its cultural sequence ,\" said a local activist Amit Anand. Amit K Chaudhary who is based in Delhi has recently created a website Mahishi.org in order to mainly popularise it outside the country.Seventeen km from Saharsa, Mahishi village is widely known for an ancient temple of goddess Ugra Tara which is also believed to be a 'Shaktipeetha'. The legend has it that the right eye of Sati had fallen here. The temple has a three-ft-long statue of Tara, accompanied by two other deities, Ekjata and Neel Saraswati, on the two sides.Mahishi village takes pride in being the birthplace of legendary 8th century scholar and philosopher Pundit Mandan Mishra. He along with his wife Bharti made precious contributions to Indian philosophy. It is said Mandan was the senior contemporary of Aadi Shankaracharya. During his ideological conquest for the propagation of 'Sanatan dharma', Aadi Shankaracharya visited Mahishi for a philosophical debate with Mandan.CM Nitish Kumar , during his three-day 'Seva Yatra' in December last year, had visited Ugratara Mandir at Mahishi. During the visit, he had directed officials to prepare a detailed report for the proper development of the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16804486", "title": "8 SP MLAs from Allahabad, but no minister in state govt", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The city gave the ruling Samajwadi Party eight candidates during the 2012 assembly elections this year, but was left high and dry when it came to formation of the new cabinet. None of the elected MLAs finds place in the state cabinet even after seven months of the SP government in the state. On the contrary, a relatively smaller district like Pratapgarh, from where the SP could bag only three out of seven seats (two went to SP-supported independents), two have been decorated with cabinet berths in spite of their questionable credentials.Despite no such assurance from top leadership, local Samajwadi Party leader Abhishek Yadav says, \"We are hopeful the party would give Allahabad its due in the next cabinet reshuffle or in any other development, respecting the aspirations and sentiments of local voters who have reposed their faith in the party.\"Senior Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader and national co-convenor Panchayati Raj cell Yogesh Shukla says \"In 2007 elections, the ruling Bahujan Samaj Party(BSP) had bagged eight out of the 11 assembly seats in the district and in recognition of this achievement, the party appointed two of the winners cabinet ministers. A senior Congress leader who had switched over to the BSP at that time was appointed the chairman of a government corporation holding the rank of minister of state. The city, after all, occupies an important place on the political map of the state representation of local leaders in the ministry is a must.\" He adds, \"Allahabad has always been treated with reverence and dignity given its political importance. This is the first time the city has been ignored by a ruling party to this extent.\"Sharing the opinion, senior Congress leader Shyam Krishna Pandey says, \"It has never happened in any previous government in the state when Allahabad has been treated with such indignity on the political platform. How can the party ignore the city that voted overwhelmingly in favour of their candidates, scripting again the 2007 story of eight winners from the party helping it come to power in the state\".Stating that the the composition of the ministry reflects the fact that only orthdox leaders have been appointed as ministers and the party has failed to include leaders from all sections of society, Bahujan Samaj Party(BSP) spokesperson, Mohurram Ali said the cabinet compostion defeats the principle of \"sarvajan hitaay' (welfare of all) and drives home the point that SP government would continue to tread the same old path in the coming days\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16805075", "title": "Zuma using taxpayers' money to build $23m palace", "text": "A helipad with an underground tunnel linking it to the main residence; his and hers bathrooms and 10 houses for security guards are among recent upgrades to South African President Jacob Zuma's rural homestead. The Nkandla residence, in one of the poorest areas of the country, will soon have a playground, a visitors' centre and a bunker reached by twin elevators.The bill runs to at least $23m in taxpayers' money. Questions over the lavish spending in KwaZulu Natal province come as Zuma faces a fight for his political life and widespread unrest over corruption in the ruling African National Congress (ANC).Zuma's aides have responded to questions over the cost of the project, dubbed 'Zumaville', by insisting that his family was paying for the bulk of costs. However, documents leaked to the City Press newspaper show that the public purse is covering 95%.When questioned, Zuma said he was unaware of the costs and referred queries to the minister of public works. The minister said the newspaper that printed the documents should be prosecuted for revealing \"state secrets\".Zumaville presents an uncomfortable contrast with the rest of Nkandla - one of the five poorest areas in KwaZulu Natal, with unemployment at 90%. Independent", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16804248", "title": "Talented artists from Kolkata make a mark with Durga idols", "text": "NAGPUR: In a squalid by lane near Ghat Road, in the precincts of the dilapidated Bengali Association club, twelve craftsmen from Kolkata are busy giving finishing touches to Durga idols.They have an order to ready fifty sets from Bhandara, Amravati, Chindwara and other places in Vidarbha. \"We are nearly done. Only work of putting jewellery remains,\" says Ranadipta Pal who is here for the second year. His grandfather Jitendra Pal made these idols in Nagpur for fifty long years.Hailing from Kumhar toli in Kolkata, these traditional murtikaars are invited to the city for this specific purpose. \"We are here for the last three months and will stay till Diwali. After Durga puja we will get busy with the Kaali idols,\" says Pal.Attributing his demand to the good work done by him, Pal carries from his home state clay from the bed of river Ganges, brocade to drape the idol, hair and different types of jewellery.Known as saaj, the jewellery is crafted from shola, made of jute, suta saaj made of shimmering material and daakar made of wire. \"Durga puja in Bengal is very traditional and so there are few variations,\" informs the artist but says that there are two styles one typical Bangla mukh where the goddess has big eyes and a longish face and the other a round face with normal eyes preferred by non-Bangla devotees.\"Sometimes those who order show me pictures and I make it accordingly,\" says Pal. Jute threads are mixed with clay to make the idols sturdy.\"The first layer is of local clay, the second layer is of clay collected from river banks and the final smooth layer is of the clay from the river bed,\" says Pal. Pearl finish is given to idols before they are painted with lime.Mounted on chatai, bamboo and wood splinters, the idols are of two kinds.One is ek chaali where Durga, Laxmi, Saraswati along with Ganesh and Kartik are mounted together. The other style is paanch chali in which each idol is separate and kept at a distance.\"Bengal durga idol is always shown mounted on a lion as she kills the demon Mahishasur. This idol has ten hands. But the ones made for north Indians is shown sitting on a tiger and has eight hands,\" informs Pal. The later is used for Jagrans, the all night events organized during this time. \"The weapons are placed in the hands after the Mahalaya puja,\" he informs.Each Durga parivar can cost anywhere between Rs15,000 to 20,000 and weighs nearly a ton. \"My work is worship for me. Being hand crafted it does require care and devotion,\" says Pal who looks out of place surrounded by so many divine figures all gleaming with an aura despite the mess that fills the place of their creation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16804038", "title": "Information on housing societies likely to go online", "text": "PUNE: Cooperative housing societies in the state will soon get respective online accounts showing financial details, member strength and other activities, if an amendment to the Maharashtra Cooperative Societies Act, 1960 is accepted by the state government.As per the proposed amendment, there will be a separate website for cooperative housing societies in the state, which will be managed by the district deputy registrars. It is also proposed that the chairmen of these societies will have to fill up financial details of their societies at the end of every fiscal and keep their accounts updated.With rapid urbanization, an increasing number of cooperative housing societies are being formed increasing the work pressure on the office of district deputy registrar of cooperative societies.District deputy registrar Kiran Sonawane said, \"This has not only reduced the efficiency, but we have also lost the contact with societies. Hence, the department has decided to computerize its functioning, including database management, communication within the registrar offices and online information sharing to improve matters. Launching a website for cooperative housing societies is an ambitious project of the department.\"The website will provide an online account to every cooperative housing society that will have information about members, their current status, activities, monetary transactions at the society level and expenses. All societies will have to file their returns every year and get annual audits done. Currently, the information is compiled and maintained by the registrar office and it is a time-consuming process, Sonawane said.The state cooperation department has also restructured jurisdictions of its offices in rural and urban areas. A circular to this effect was issued in the first week of October to offices of district deputy registrars. Urban area will cover Pune, Pimpri Chinchwad civic limits and all the cantonment areas, while all the talukas will come under the rural offices.Earlier, one district deputy registrar used to look after an assembly constituency. The government has restructured the system and now a group of ward offices will be looked after by one district deputy registrar office.There are 13,000 cooperative housing societies in the district, most of which are concentrated in urban areas. Out of these only 30% societies have received conveyance deed of their society while rest are either facing some disputes or have not shown interest in getting conveyance deeds.The state housing department introduced the concept of deemed conveyance a couple of years ago, where consent of 60% of the total flat owners for formation of cooperative housing society was required.Total 140 cooperative societies secured deemed conveyance using this provision. Legally, it carries equal weight as a conveyance deed as it is meant for empowering flat owners, Sonawane said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16804367", "title": "Staff at National Institute of Technology Calicut to go on hunger strike tomorrow", "text": "KOZHIKODE: A section of the teaching and non-teaching staff of the National Institute of Technology Calicut (NITC) will launch a hunger strike in the campus on Monday. They are protesting against the inefficiency of the authorities in the institution in implementing various development projects and student welfare measures.The hunger strike is being launched by the joint action council of the All India Federation of NIT Teachers (AIFNIT) and the NIT Staff Association (NITSA). Members of the NITC Faculty Association will, however, not participate in it. The protesters are mainly demanding the effective implementation of various development projects, including the completion of the mega hostel project in the campus. They are also demanding that the appointments to the various posts in the institution be made transparent.The action council, in a press note issued here, has alleged that as the authorities were delaying the sanctioning of the contingency grants and other allowances of research students, some of them were planning to leave the institution. That would adversely affect the standard of the institution, they said.The protesters have also pointed out that more than 40 per cent of the 200 teaching posts were remaining vacant. This would affect the academic standard of the institution. They have also alleged that the authorities were turning a blind eye to the demand for setting up a proper drinking water facility and waste management system in the campus.The convener of the joint action council, Dr A Sajith of the chemistry department, said the lethargic response from the authorities to their demand had forced them to launch the agitation. \"The director had informed us that he will take disciplinary action against the teachers who associate with the strike on Monday. But we have decided to go ahead,\" he said.Meanwhile, Dr Sameer, secretary of the NITC faculty association, said the association did not agree with the arguments put up by the AIFNIT and the NITSA as the director had already agreed to majority of the demands of the teaching and non-teaching staff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "fuji", "code": "16809559", "title": "JRM Racing finishes second in class, achieves best result", "text": "FUJI: Karun Chandhok's team JRM Racing achieved its best result of the season by finishing second in the privateers' class and fifth overall the Six Hours of Fuji, on Sunday.The HPD ARX-03a, driven by Karun, David Brabham and Peter Dumbreck had qualified third in the privateers' class for the penultimate race of the FIA World Endurance Championship.Peter got the six hours underway for the team and had a good start, gaining a place in the first corner. He was in the car for the first two hours and 40 minutes, managing the tyres perfectly and lapping at a very consistent pace. After a double stint, the Scot handed over to David.The Safety Car had to come out half way through the race so debris on track could be cleared, but David looked after the tyres and when the race got underway again he was able to run at consistent pace, constantly swapping track positions with the 12 Rebellion.Karun drove the car the last third of the race. Minor contact with the 1 Audi was made during his first stint, and during the last minutes of the race he also had to do an extra pit stop to change the rear end of the car that had been damaged. Nevertheless he managed to stay in fifth position and even set the team's fastest lap of the race, a 1:30.907.\"Great to be on the podium! It was a good race and finishing for the team was a fantastic feeling, particularly as it's our best finish of the season so far,\" Chandhok said.\"I had a bit of contact with the Audi and there was a bit of bodywork damage but apart from that we were reasonably quick. We do need a little bit more pace to finish ahead of the Rebellion - we stick with them at some parts of the race and only need a little bit more to get ahead,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16804519", "title": "Uttar Pradesh education institutes fare poorly on NAAC grading", "text": "LUCKNOW: The higher education institutions in Uttar Pradesh fare poorly on the National Assessment and Accreditation Council (NAAC) grading. This could be gauged from the fact that many universities and colleges in the state are still using their expired ratings to woo students during admissions. NAAC is an autonomous body of University Grants Commission (UGC) meant to assess and accredit higher education institutions in the country.As per the figures revealed by the state higher education secretary, T Venkatesh, only one of the 12 universities in the state is NAAC accredited. Out of 3,553 colleges in UP, only 272 have a valid NAAC grading. The self-finance colleges, which claim imparting the best education, have, in fact, turned out to be the biggest defaulters with only 188 of 3,085 such colleges being accredited by NAAC. The government colleges too lag behind, and only 17 out of 137 having NAAC grading. Of 331 government-aided colleges, only 67 enjoy NAAC rating. Besides, 324 colleges and two universities have submitted the letter of intent for NAAC inspection. Also, 149 colleges have presented a Self-Study Report (SSR) to NAAC.In order to improve things, Venkatesh said that the state government aims to get 400 higher education institutions accredited by NAAC till 2012-13.Expressing concern over the dismal numbers of NAAC accredited institutions in UP, deputy advisor, NAAC, MS Shyamsundar, said, \"UP's performance in terms of NAAC rated institutions is not satisfactory. The state government will have to play an active role in ensuring higher education institutions undergo NAAC assessment.''Shyamsundar was in the city on Friday to conduct a workshop on \"NAAC: For enhancement and sustenance of quality in higher education\" for the principals and teachers of universities and colleges. The workshop was organised by the higher education department.Throwing light on the importance of NAAC, Shyamsundar said, \"NAAC is not a one-time affair. It's a continuous process, which tells institutions about their strengths, weaknesses, challenges and opportunities. It will also help students to make a right choice in pursuing higher studies.\" 'He informed that NAAC is to strengthen the process of evaluation in universities and colleges in order to enhance quality.On the basis of the performance, NAAC rates the institution by providing Cumulative Grade Point Average (CGPA). Institutions securing 3.01-4.00 CGPA are given grade A which describes its performance as very good. Similarly, institutions between 2.01-3.00 CGPA are awarded grade B which means good. Those between 1.51-2.00 CGPA are given grade C which mean satisfactory, while those below 1.51 CGPA get grade D which means unsatisfactory performance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16804998", "title": "It can\u2019t get bigger than the Daresi Ramleela", "text": "LUDHIANA: The Ramleela held at Daresi which is organized by Ludhiana's Sri Ramlila Committee is the oldest and biggest in the city. And unlike other Ramleela groups, which have their performances late in the night and burn one to three effigies on Dussehra, this committee has been doing something quite different for the last many decades.Here, four effigies are set on fire and that too on different days, while a vibrant \"shobha yatra\" (procession) is brought out every day for 10 days during the afternoon, which is followed by Ramleela that starts in the evening. The special attraction of the \"shobha yatra\" is a king-sized dais of Lord Rama, which is lifted by around a dozen men and is taken around in different parts of the city everyday.Preparations are already underway for Ramleela at Daresi ground. In fact the place is already decked up and residents of this industrial town are all set to soak in the myriad hues of the 10-day long Dussehra celebrations. Artistes, including musicians and dancers, are coming from Delhi and Meerut to add that extra zest to the Ramleela.\"Though we registered our committee in 1961, Daresi's Ramleela is over 100 years old. We still follow the traditional story-telling approach and have divided our performance into different episodes like \"Sita janam,\" \"dhanush lila,\" \"Sita vivah,\" \"Vanvas,\" \"Sita haran,\" \"Lanka dahan\" and \"Bharat Milan,\" said Sanjeev Kundra, general secretary of the Sri Ramlila committee. He added, \"Daresi's Dussehra is famous not only in Ludhiana but also in neighbouring towns and villages. We celebrate everyday by bringing out a vibrant \"shobha yatra.\"The big dais with Lord Rama, Sita and Lakshman sitting on it is carried by around 12 persons. We never use a truck or a trolley to take it through different parts of the city.\"Sri Ramlila committee started their celebrations on Saturday by doing a Ganesh puja at the historical Thakurdwara Mandir here.Ghanshyam Sharma, 68, who lives at Lalton Kalan village near Pakhowal Road, and who has played various characters in Ramleela said, \"People used to treat us like real gods and follow us around like we were Bollywood celebs. Though times have changed, there has been no fall in the fan-following for Dreshi's Ramleela.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "16803984", "title": "Terror hub tag haunts Marathwada", "text": "AURANGABAD: The arrest of suspected Indian Mujahideen operatives by the special cell of the Delhi police recently has brought back the focus on Marathwada region as a terror hub.Imran and Asad Khan from Aurangabad and Nanded and Sayyed Feroz from Pune were arrested by the intelligence agencies in late September and early October. All three had a role in planting IEDs on Jangli Maharaj Road in Pune on August 1.Four low intensity blasts went off when the devices exploded while two bombs were defused. The trio, caught with a huge quantity of explosives, were planning terror strikes in Delhi and Bodh Gaya ahead of the festive season.In the last one year, more than a dozen people associated with terror activities have been detained from Aurangabad, Jalna, Parbhani and Beed, while four persons were arrested from Nanded for their links with blasts in Karnataka.The anti-terrorism squad found that most of those detained had visited Pakistan for training or were trained locally by those who had been there and got trained.Terrorist outfits like Lashkar-e-Taiba have found it easy to recruit men from this part of Maharashtra. Police sources and social activists have said that lack of interaction among the people has caused a divide. Besides poverty and unemployment , scanty intelligence has led to stepped-up terror activities.Inadequate measures to root out terror activities after the 2006 arms haul from Aurangabad have escalated the situation, an IPS official told TOI recently. The first whiff of the region as a terror hub surfaced around 2006 when the names of Indian Mujahideen operative Fayyaz Kagzi of Beed, Akef Biyabani and Amer Shakeel of Aurangabad indoctrinated by Kashmiri militants identified as Aslam and Junaid, surfaced.In May 2006, a huge cache of arms was seized and the subsequent arrests in Aurangabad and Beed threw up people with links to terror groups. In a joint operation, the Aurangabad rural police, the Mumbai ATS seized a jeep laden with 11 AK 47 rifles, 2,200 cartridges and 33 kg of RDX. Many youths, including Amer Shakeel, were arrested.Another car laden with more arms and explosives that had slipped past the police dragnet was found abandoned in Nashik district. This led to a spate of arrests in Aurangabad, Beed districts in Marathwada and Malegaon in Nashik district.But one man with terror links who managed to escape the police dragnet was Syed Zabiuddin Sayed Zakiuddin Ansari alias Zabi alias Abu Jundal of Beed who was allegedly involved in the gun-running case. Jundal turned out to be the 26/11 key handler and an LeT terrorist.All the accused in the arms case, except Fayyaz Kagzi and Jundal, have been arrested and are on trial. Ansari had escaped to Pakistan after the arms haul, but was arrested by Delhi police in June 2012, after he was deported by the Saudi Arabia government. Kagzi is still at large.More arrests have followed after the entire Marathwada region was put on the ATS's and police's radar. The police arrested Mirza Himayat Baig, a suspected Laskhar man and a resident of Beed from Udgir in Latur district, for the German Bakery blast on February 13, 2010.Recently, four youths from Nanded were arrested by the Aurangabad ATS for their links with Mohammed Akram, a Nanded resident, who was arrested in Bangalore, after the Karnataka police busted a terror module that wasplanning to target Hindu leaders.The Congress-NCP government, particularly the home department led by senior NCP leader R R Patil, is concerned about the steady rise in terrorist activists in the backward Marathwada region, particularly Aurangabad, Jalna, Parbhani, Beed and Nanded districts.Muslim community members in Aurangabad said, \"A new group called the Ahle Hadis that emerged in the region used the situation to develop its base. The group sees itself as a part of slain terrorist Osama bin Laden's Salafi group and scorns at the larger Indian Muslim community for not being orthodox enough.\"According to another prominent community member, most of those arrested in the Aurangabad RDX case in May 2006 belonged to Ahle Hadis.\"It's a fact that all those arrested in 2006 arms haul case and subsequent terror related acts belonged to Ahle Hadis,'' said Navinchandra Reddy, the superintendent of police (ATS) Aurangabad. He said many youths fall prey to terror propaganda as there was no concrete mechanism to check it. Cellphones and social networking sites spread messages rapidly, he said.Increased interaction among communities and better police-public relations would help check such activities, he said. Referring to the arrest of Nanded youths by the ATS last month, he said, \"They have been saved from being ruined by propaganda machines. Otherwise, they would have fallen into the trap and would have indulged in unlawful activities.''Social activist Vijay Diwan said a national sample survey report has suggested that the gap between the poor and the rich has increased considerably in Marathwada. \"Unemployment is rising and welfare laws are not implemented. When youths do not get what they think is their right, they may resort to unlawful activities. Criminal elements take advantage of the discontent,\" he said.A big campaign for communal harmony and an increased interaction among different communities would help curb the region's links with terror, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "macau", "code": "16803525", "title": "Gaganjeet Bhullar maintains Macau lead", "text": "MACAU: Gaganjeet Bhullar continued to be in the driver's seat as he retained his overnight lead at the Venetian Macau Open after working his way to a two-under-par 69 in the third round on Saturday.In fact that lead could well have been doubled but for two missed putts from close range over the last two holes. The 24-year-old Bhullar, who has led the $750,000 Asian Tour event from the opening day, is now 13-under 200.He missed par from three feet on 17 and then failed to convert a birdie chance from a similar range at the last hole. He had five birdies against three bogeys as he stayed on course for his fourth career victory on the Asian Tour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16802511", "title": "Space crunch hits Gandhi Medical College expansion plans", "text": "BHOPAL: Lack of space is proving to be a major constraint in completion of a dozen expansion plans on the Gandhi Medical College (GMC) premises. Directorate of medical education principal secretary Ajay Tirki, who visited the GMC in the city on Saturday, spent a day to understand what really is affecting ongoing schemes and plan.When Tirki asked what prevented the medical college and government hospitals from offering the best of services, the faculty HoDs stressed the need for better human resource management and simplifying purchase process.Besides construction of 7 new wings after razing old and dilapidated wards, the state government has already sanctioned funds for construction of a 1500-bed extension wing and another super-speciality wing of 500 beds.\"We are in the process of creating an ideal hospital for meeting the demands in the state capital,\" said GMC dean Dr Nirbhay Shrivastava.\"It is not as simple as it looks. All projects hit a roadblock due to lack of space. The old has to give way for new. Razing old and dilapidated wards has to be coordinated,\" said a GMC faculty member.UK-backed nodal agencies are already working on a detailed project report (DPR) to prepare a vision document for the GMC and its associated hospitals. The DPR is likely to be finalized by December this year.GMC on MCI radarThe completion of upgradation in various departments in the GMC is likely to see an increase of 46 more seats in post-graduate courses.Here is the reality check! About 14 departments are already under the scanner. If departments fail a medical Council of India (MCI) inspection later this year, the MCI might approach the government for de-recognition of courses.The MCI objections go back to 2010, when the MCI inspection was carried out for MBBS courses. Only a few departments, including pathology, pharmacology and forensic have gone for a compliance inspection.\"Our situation is better than other medical colleges in the state. The faculty situation is satisfactory,\" said GMC dean Dr Nirbhay Shrivastava.Sources suggest failure to complete infrastructure requirement could cost dear to the college. \"A major hurdle is the lack of space and the delay in construction by the PWD,\" said a GMC official.MCI team will inspect Rewa medical college on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16810240", "title": "Mumbai National Security Guard hub building develops cracks; commandos forced to exit", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a setback to operational preparedness of NSG commandos based in Mumbai, the counter- terror unit has been forced to abandon its newly built concrete premises as cracks were found in the structure, rendering it unsafe for use.A squad of 241 'black cat' troopers and support staff, deployed at the newly created hub in the western metropolis to enable the commandos to take swift counter-terror and counter- hijack missions, has been left with no choice but to occupy \"semi-permanent and pre-fabricated\" accomodation in the same complex, officials said.The Mumbai National Security Guard (NSG) hub is located in Marol in suburban Andheri on a 23-acre land given by the Maharashtra government for stationing the crack commandos.\"The commandos are back to square one as the building has been declared unsafe for living following the appearance of big cracks. They are now living in semi-permanent structures even as they have to stay continuously alert to undertake any operation anytime,\" they said.The building, which has developed cracks, was meant for housing, training and other operational requirements of NSG commandos. The facility was inaugurated in February this year by then Home Minister P Chidambaram , three years after the hub was conceived in the aftermath of the 26/11 Mumbai terror attacks of 2008.The NSG headquarters here, according to the officials, has now rushed to Mumbai a team of engineers drawn from IIT- Roorkee, architectural experts and force officials to study the 'big cracks' that developed soon after its inauguration earlier this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16809251", "title": "Robbie Williams almost quit singing to become artist", "text": "Robbie Williams has revealed that after three of his solo albums - 'Intensive Care,' 'Rudebox' and 'Reality Killed The Video Star' flopped, he felt \"lethargic\" and wanted to go in a new direction.The 38-year-old singer said that he started painting and wanted to become a serious artist.\"Unfortunately I'm an awful painter. And I'm not good at making radical decisions. Otherwise I would've called it a day,\" the sun quoted him as saying.\"Mentally, I had already waved my career goodbye. I just felt incredibly lethargic and like I couldn't live up to the requirements of being a pop star,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16810534", "title": "Shankersinh Vaghela skips Surat visit to participate in Delhi meeting", "text": "SURAT: Congress leader Shankersinh Vaghela's last minute cancellation to visit Surat on Saturday to participate in Congress party's event created suspicion among his supporters. The supporters in Surat believe that Vaghela is being sidelined in Congress and it was planned to send him to Surat to keep him away from a meeting in Delhi.Vaghela came to know about an important meeting in Delhi to be held on Saturday and he cancelled his Surat visit scheduled during the day. Vaghela informed his supporters that he is unable to come to Surat due to poor health.Sources within city Congress informed that an important meeting was scheduled in Delhi on Saturday and Sunday. Vaghela was asked to go to Surat and conduct meeting on Saturday. When Vaghela came to know that the meeting will be starting from Saturday, he cancelled his plan to visit Surat and rushed to Delhi. When contacted Vaghela told TOI that he had fever and due to poor health he did not come to Surat. However, Vaghela travelled to Delhi on Saturday morning.On the other hand, Vaghela supporters informed that Vaghela had already handed over a list of candidates of his choice, for assembly elections, to the Congress high command. It is believed that the finalisation of candidate's name will create tension within Gujarat Congress, sources informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "etawah", "code": "16804771", "title": "20-yearr-old girl tries to kill self", "text": "ETAWAH: A 20-year-old dalit girl attempted to commit suicide in Kanshi Ram Colony in Etawah on Friday.According to the police, Radha (20) was living with her father Chandswaroop in house number 152 of Block 10.The girl was at home alone and she set herself afire. When locals saw fumes from her house they rushed inside the house and rescued the girl. Doctors in the local hospital referred her to Saifai. Meanwhile, police said that the exact reason behind this is yet to be ascertained, and probe is going on. Lately, a number of crime incidents have been reported from the city and adjoining district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16803201", "title": "3 more cases against Yesudoss", "text": "CHENNAI: The Central crime branch police have filed three more cases against I P Yesudoss, managing director of Aphro Trust. He was arrested from Bangalore on Friday on charges of cheating several people after promising them education and business loans for more than 2.5 crore.Yesudoss had collected 5,000 from more than 4,000 people, promising them loans with RBI clearance. Yesudoss is also the owner of Aphro Financial Services Private Limited, and Aphro Association. After he evaded arrest for three months, police nabbed him from a hideout on Friday. His aide S Devi was also arrested.Police have now registered three more cases based on new complaints against Aphro Trust. Police arrested his staff - A Rajesh, 35, of Manali, Yesudoss's elder brother P Selvadurai, 38, and R Gabriel, 25, of Kolathur, and N Agasthianathan, 32, of Katapadi on July 25.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "16807829", "title": "Youths who jumped into J&K; assembly well granted bail", "text": "SRINAGAR: Three youths, who created a flutter by jumping into the well of the Jammu and Kashmir legislative assembly last week, have been granted bail by a city court.The court of Chief Judicial Magistrate, Srinagar, granted bail to the three youths -- Manish Khajuria, Ambedkar Gupta and Sunny Malhotra -- after their families had moved an application in this regard.The trio made headlines on October 8 by jumping into the well of the House, demanding implementation of employment policy in the state.The court rejected the prosecution plea that the offence committed by the youth was of very serious nature and should be deemed as an attack on the highest legislative body of the state.The youths were arrested following instructions of Speaker of the legislative assembly Mohammad Akbar Lone, who termed their act as contempt of the House.Lone also ordered initiating proceedings against expelled BJP MLA Jagdish Raj Sapolia, who had facilitated the entry of the youths into the public gallery by getting the required passes.The youth were associated with a newly-floated political party, Jammu and Kashmir Democratic Front, of which Sapolia is a member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16804401", "title": "MoU signed for vehicle loan", "text": "PATNA:The state government on Friday signed an MoU with Central Bank of India to launch vehicle loan scheme for state government employees at a function in Bihar Industries Association (BIA) auditorium here.The bank, as per agreement, will provide loans to the state employees for purchasing vehicles at a low interest rate. Addressing the inaugural function of the scheme, deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi said Bihar is the first state in the country to become guarantor of its employees for taking loans for purchasing vehicles.He said the process of providing loans for house construction under house loan scheme and vehicle purchase should be relaxed and hoped the banks would take care of it. \"There had been fall of 9.43% in the purchase of vehicles in the state up to September 2012 compared to last year. That's why the government decided to launch the project with the help of the bank,\" he said.The deputy CM also urged the bank officials to provide loans immediately to micro and medium scale industries so that they can set up their units. The state government had earlier signed an MoU with the same bank for of e-Shakti project and house construction loan scheme. Modi said the e-Shakti project would be extended across the state after its success in Patna.Central Bank of India executive director BR Ayyar said that the bank had provided loans to 1,000 state employees for purchasing vehicles and there would be no hurdle in this scheme in coming days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "madhubani", "code": "16804470", "title": "Three hurt in police firing at Jainagar", "text": "MADHUBANI: A day after this district headquarters town was rocked by arson and stone pelting on Friday leading to police firing killing a student and injuring some others, violence flared up in other parts of the district on Saturday despite the government's attempts to defuse the surcharged atmosphere.At Jainagar, police opened fire on Saturday to disperse a violent mob trying to set ablaze a railway coach, resulting in injuries to three persons. Basopatti and Khajauli police station buildings and Basopatti circle office were also set ablaze by mobs protesting against the Madhubani firing. Incidents of protests were also reported from Benipatti, Harlakhi and other places. Besides, the police lathicharged an agitating crowd at Rajnagar also. Many policemen were also injured in stone pelting by the mobs at all these places.The three persons critically injured in Jainagar firing - Mohan Ram of Deodha village, Ravindra Yadav and Md Amjad - were referred to Darbhanga Medical College Hospital (DMCH). After an operation, Ravindra Yadav and Mohan Ram, who have received bullet injuries in chest and stomach respectively, were referred to Patna Medical College Hospital, according to DMCH superintendent Suraj Nayak. The third injured has received bullet injury in his right hand.Madhubani town, on the other hand, went incident-free on Saturday. However, roads wore a deserted look and shops remained closed for the second consecutive day.Meanwhile, immediately after joining on Saturday, new Madhubani DM Lokesh Singh decided to hand over the body of Prashant to his parents. With their consent, the body was consigned to flames at Jiwachh ghat near Madhubani. New SP Ranjit Kumar Mishra also joined today. Darbhanga commissioner Vandana Kini and zonal IG are also camping here.The flare-up showed that people are far from assuaged despite the transfer of DM and SP, announcement of judicial probe into the Friday's incidents and recommendation for a CBI probe into the alleged kidnapping of a girl.The genesis of trouble lies in one Prashant Kumar of village Arer under Benipatti subdivision and student of class X of local Indian Public School going missing on September 7. An FIR in this regard was lodged the next day. On September 11, the district programme officer (DPO), Jagatpati Chaudhary, lodged an FIR with the Town PS, accusing Prashant of kidnapping his daughter, Preeti Kumari, a student of class IX of the same school.Acting swiftly, the police arrested three persons, including the grandfather of Prashant.CM, deputy appeal for peaceChief minister Nitish Kumar and deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi on Saturday said the government initiated quick action following incidents at Madhubani on Friday. The government has already ordered judicial inquiry and decided to recommend the girl's kidnapping case to the CBI. In a joint statement here, Nitish and Modi said the DM and SP were transferred immediately after the incident. The youth's body has been handed over to his family and his last rites have been performed. They also appealed to people to ignore rumours and asked the students to help administration in maintaining peace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16803614", "title": "CID case against DySP, former mines director", "text": "PANAJI: The crime branch on Friday registered an FIR against former crime branch DySP Chandrakant Salgaonkar for \"carrying out a slipshod investigation\" against Congress leader Jitendra Deshprabhu in an illegal mining case. Salgaonkar is currently posted as DySP, CID security.Deshprabhu is alleged to have exported ore extracted from his property at Korgao in Pernem taluka. The FIR comes close on the heels of the Congress leader repeatedly lambasting chief minister Manohar Parrikar for \"fooling the people on the illegal mining issue\".The crime branch has also registered an offence against then director of mines Arvind Loliyekar and senior assistant geologist Hector Fernandes for the disappearance of three files from the mines department pertaining to the recovery of the value of the minerals illegally extracted from Deshprabhu's mine at Korgao.DySp Nilu Raut Dessai, who is the investigating officer, has stated in the FIR that Salgaonkar, Loliyekar and Fernandes committed offences of harbouring Deshprabhu, protecting him and also destroying evidence.Loliyekar not only failed to discharge his duties as director of mines and geology, but also, in collusion and conspiracy with the other accused, deliberately refrained from taking action in the illegal mining by Deshprabhu and his deliberate inaction protected the accused, states the daily station report (DSR) issued by the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16803452", "title": "Cops record statement of Asha's son", "text": "MUMBAI: Anand Bhosle, the youngest son of singer Asha Bhosle , told the police that his mother's licensed pistol went missing in 1991 and the family had informed the cops about it. Anand also told the police team investigating his sister Varsha's suicide that the police had reprimanded the Bhosle family at that time and produced a copy of the reprimand letter.Varsha (56) had reportedly used the same Belgium-made pistol to kill herself on Sunday midnight. Her body was discovered on Monday morning.Anand, who was not present in the country when the incident took place, told cops his mother had bought the licensed revolver but it went missing after some time. He also told cops that he didn't know how Varsha found the pistol and used it to kill herself.He said Varsha had tried to kill herself twice in the past. Cops checked Anand's gun and the licence issued to him and found that both were in his possession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16803696", "title": "Time to honour the unsung heroes of Puja", "text": "KOLKATA: When you marvel at a stunning pandal, gape in wonder at an idol or get awed by the dazzle of lights, how many times have you wanted to know the names of the creators? For the first time, an effort is being made to reward these unsung heroes of Durga Puja.The project, titled T-20, will reward these artists and celebrate Puja with people from the poorer sections of the society, who, leave aside getting new clothes for Puja, don't even have enough to cover their bodies. \"The poor artists get no recognition. In most cases, their families waits for them to come home with the money so that they can get two square meals for the rest of the year. Durga Puja, which brings joy for all, is nothing special for them,\" said actress Rupa Bhattacharjee, the brand ambassador of T-20.While our children roam around in new clothes, right beside them it is not a very unusual sight to find children without any clothes, picking leftover food from the dustbin. There are old people from the old age homes, rejected by their own family, and forgotten by the society. For them also, Puja brings no joy or hope. Abandoned children, terminally ill patients... this list can go on and on and on...It has been a trend for the last many years that the corporate houses take interest in this festival and as a part of their branding and image building exercise; they felicitate the organizers with awards and recognitions. The Artists who creates the 'Themes' of some of these pujas also get recognition in local, national and international level.We will divide the Postal area of Kolkata into 5 zones and select 20 Pujas from each zone. The selection criteria will be focused towards recognizing the best artisans of the Pandals, lights, idols, Dhakis etc. After selecting the final 20 Pujas from the list of these 100 pujas, our panel of dignitaries will visit those Pujas and felicitate the artisans. The dignitaries will also visit the lesser known old age homes, terminally ill patients, and the slum areas in and around Kolkata and will spend some time with them, give them gifts and mementoes and generally try and make this puja memorable for them, said Omar Farukh, a well known presenter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16804596", "title": "Administration firm to phase out plastic", "text": "MANGALORE: Come November 1, the use of plastic bags to carry goods of any nature will be a strict no-no in Mangalore taluk of Dakshina Kannada district. With the district administration determined to root out plastic menace, authorities here have decided to extend the ban implemented in Moodbidri to remaining areas and later roll it out to remaining four taluks in the district. Use of plastic bags for retail vending of goods is covered under the ban.At present, there is already a ban on use of plastic carrybags less than 40 microns and the Mangalore City Corporation is conducting raids on vendors and manufacturers who sell and manufacture such bags. The civic body has also slapped fines on errant traders. The administration has not shied away from involving students in driving home the message on excessive use of plastics and this move has found a supporter in district in-charge minister CT Ravi. Deputy commissioner NS Channappa Gowda told STOI that any plastic bag used to carry goods and one which could end up in the waste bins will be targeted under the ban. The retailers, who are saddled with stocks, will be given time up to 15 days from November 1 to clear the same and will have to switch over to alternatives thereafter.Most major food outlet retailers are already charging customers nominally for plastic carry bags and have prominently displayed signage urging customers to bring their own carry bags. While most shoppers now as a matter of rule started avoiding plastic bags, it is the impulsive shoppers who feel the pinch. \"I don't mind paying the fee for a plastic carry bag at times when I go to shop urgently and not otherwise,\" said Sudhindra P, a banker.The DC said various NGOs have come forward with alternatives to plastic bags. \"An NGO came to me with polyester clothe bag that can be used to carry meat and meat products, especially fish,\" the DC said, adding majority of plastic bags come into use for carrying food products. Manufacturing units in the city and self help groups who come forward to manufacture alternatives to such bags will be given subsidy, the DC said.\"Around 40% of our customers come with their own carrybags. We are also planning to start selling jute bags each priced at Rs 25 and refund the cost to customers at their next visit by taking back these bags. But given that the consumption level of plastic carrybag is high in our store, we could have done with enough notice period before the administration banned these bags,\" said an assistant store manager at a hypermarket in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16807497", "title": "Jay-Z's threatens to 'finish' Chris Brown if he hurts RiRi again", "text": "Jay-Z , who takes on the big brother, dad and bodyguard roles when it comes to Rihanna, had a quiet word with Chris Brown at one of his shows in New York last week and told him that he would \"finish him\" if he ever hurts the Barbadian singer again, it has been revealed.The 42-year-old rapper invited Brown and Rihanna as a couple to the gig and is prepared to give Chris a second chance \"providing he doesn't step out of line.\"\"Jay-Z told Rihanna that if Chris is truly making her happy then to go for it,\" the Sun quoted a source as saying.\"He invited them as a couple to his concert in New York and backstage he called Chris to one side and told him if he hurts Rihanna, whether emotionally or physically, it's over for him.\"He'll ensure it will result in the end of his career,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16802588", "title": "UK has a change of heart, hits 'Like' button for Modi", "text": "The termination of a one-decade-long no-contact policy with the chief minister of Gujarat, Narendra Modi , by the British government is a pragmatic decision with salient lessons. It illustrates the influence of commercial and diaspora elements in the UK and the rise of India's states in shaping our overall foreign policy.Despite London's boycott of Modi on human rights grounds after the 2002 communal violence in Gujarat, British companies like Cairn Energy and Shell have been doing business in the state's oil and gas sector all along. But this is a trickle compared to foreign investments pouring into Gujarat from other parts of the world. Modi's strongman brand of capitalism has wowed not only India's corporate titans but also multinational corporations from continental Europe, Australia and the US. His aggressive salesmanship in Japan and China that Gujarat is \"different\" from the rest of India in offering efficient governance, relatively lesser corruption and predictable business climate has kicked off a beeline of foreign governments and companies to get a slice of Gujarat.Modi's hyper-charged economic diplomacy has hoisted Gujarat into the ranks of the top five state magnets of foreign direct investment (FDI) in India. The UK, which is coping with a serious economic crisis and absence of business confidence at home, could not have timed its rehabilitation of Modi better. Recent convictions of many perpetrators of the religious pogroms of 2002 by India's judicial system and the absence of legal guilt affixed to Modi himself have eased Britain's choice to enter into \"active engagement\" with him. The United States , which refused a visa to Modi in the past, could be next in line to normalise relations with an Indian politician who is seen as prime minister material of the future.One crucial force in Modi's conversion from international pariah into an acceptable gatekeeper of a thriving Indian state was the intense lobbying machine of the Gujarati non-resident Indians (NRIs). A British diplomat informed this author that it was \"awkward\" for Whitehall to handle nearly 8 lakh people of Gujarati origin on UK soil, many of whom hero-worship Modi, by shunning high-level political communications with their patron in Gandhinagar. The fact that some advanced science and management institutions are also located in Gujarat, and London's interests in forging research ties with them also fed into the rapprochement.Since the liberalisation of India's economy and the almost simultaneous advent of coalition politics, the incentives for states to venture into the outside world and develop their own mini-foreign policies have multiplied. From the pioneering days of competitive bids to usher in foreign investment by then CMs like Chandrababu Naidu and S M Krishna, the decentralisation of Indian foreign policy has taken on a life of its own today. Modi is riding the crest of what the American scholar John Kincaid labels as \"constituent diplomacy\", where market liberalisation and federalism combine to create incentives for provincial or sub-national governments to engage in independent international exchanges aimed at winning welfare objectives for their respective peoples.Modi's remark after the UK's volte-face that \"Gujarat and Europe will work together and prosper\" is startling because there is no mention of the word 'India' in it, even though the British view their opening of channels to him as part and parcel of oiling the broader UK-India relationship. Some actions of Indian states have unfortunately had an adverse impact on our national-level foreign policy goals vis-a-vis neighbouring countries like Bangladesh and Sri Lanka. But the trend of more autonomy devolving into the hands of state governments to carve out foreign policies that have a bearing on themselves is irreversible. The era of a monolithic nation-state with a centralised foreign policy is passe.The next general election in India is likely to again anoint regional kingmakers who will determine the make-up of the central government, and consequently, some components of India's foreign affairs. With Modi a strong favourite to be re-elected in the upcoming Gujarat assembly elections, our country's regions will keep roaring and affecting New Delhi's foreign relations. To cite a British diplomat, London takes \"relations between the UK and the government of Gujarat\" seriously.The writer is a professor and dean at the Jindal School of International Affairs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16802658", "title": "As world gets more crowded, can IT help it run better?", "text": "For the first time in history, more people are living in cities than in villages. The UN estimates that currently about 52% of the global population of seven billion lives in towns and cities. By 2030 this number will swell to almost five billion or more than 60% of the estimated population of eight billion, with urban growth concentrated in Africa and Asia. The Asian Development Bank estimates that in five years, there will be more than 900 large cities in Asia, many with more than one million inhabitants, and nearly 20 with more than 10 million.How will we manage our finite resources under these circumstances? Today between 20 and 30% of the world's food is wasted along the chain from farm to table. Estimates say water shortages will grow 50% in the next two decades.The powerful technology used by global business has been a major factor in raising hundreds of millions of Asians from poverty into the middle class - 80 million more each year, according to Goldman Sachs- and has helped create the conditions for the rise of Asia's super-cities. Now it's time for the creators and users of IT to apply technology's capabilities to solving the manifold challenges of those super-cities and the new large cities and their people.It is no longer enough for a city to be able to handle large flows of people and goods. It also has to be efficient in its use of resources that are becoming increasingly scarce, including clean air, clean water, open space and fresh food.In Mumbai, for example, the cost of one cubic meter of clean water piped to an affluent neighbourhood is about Rs 2, while in a nearby shanty-town the same water costs Rs 50 or higher. Why the disparity? Affluent neighbourhoods are blessed with solid infrastructure monitored by sophisticated technology and managed by well-trained experts. Shanty-towns, on the other hand, receive their water through terribly inefficient means. IT- in combination with infrastructure- could change that.The UN has noted that water availability is expected to decrease over the next several decades, while consumption for agriculture is expected to increase by roughly 19% by 2050. It is estimated that world has to produce as much food in the next 40 years as humanity has consumed from the Stone Age until today. The McKinsey Global Institute has estimated that, with average economic growth, global demand for fresh water will grow from 4.5 trillion cubic meters annually to 6.9 trillion in 2030. In every part of the world, planners are under heavy pressure to improve our use of resources, and IT can help. For instance, wireless sensors placed along water pipelines and linked through technology to computers can detect leaks and breakages - as well as any pilferage. Smart metering through IT can create better efficiency is water usage - and less wastage.IT could also help urban farmers raise more food with the water they have. A company in California's Central Valley has developed an inexpensive process that gathers data from widely-dispersed weather reporting stations and then wirelessly transmits watering instructions to computerized controllers installed on customers' irrigation systems. The 16,500 subscribers to the company's data feed save more than 44.5 million litres of water and $75 million in per year, according to the company. Customers for the technology, which could easily be adapted for Asian use, include nearly 100 American cities and towns.In the industrialized West, more food is wasted by careless consumers than by inefficiencies in production and transportation to market. In Asia, by contrast, consumers waste little food once they get their hands on it, but much spoils because of inefficient production methods and poor logistics on the way to market. By making sure that perishables are tracked properly and all attendant conditions (like air conditioning) are met to reduce spoilage, IT can help greatly.The heavy traffic that clogs the streets of every megacity has been shown to have tremendous negative impacts on productivity, as well as on air quality and energy consumption. Congestion pricing can improve this situation, but so can the increasingly sophisticated IT systems that control the timing of traffic lights and the headways on transit systems. Car-pooling in offices in cities can help as well, relieving pressure on dense business districts.Carbon emission monitoring through IT of factories in urban areas can reduce greenhouse gas emissions and improve air quality. Smart grids and smart metering of electricity through IT can improve efficiency of electricity production and use. Better recycling of materials like used electronics and batteries through IT-enabled programs are better for the environment near cities.With comprehensive planning, we have the power to build sustainable cities that are bigger, cleaner, more efficient and more dynamic than ever before.The writer is the co-CEO of SAP", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "16804956", "title": "'Co-op structure dairy benefits should reach every farmer'", "text": "PALANPUR: Gujarat Co-operative Milk Marketing Federation (GCMMF) chairman Vipul Chaudhary was of the view that milk producer farmers across the country should be helped to get the benefits of co-operative structure of dairying. Chaudhary, who is also Dudhsagar Dairy chairman, said dairy co-operatives have played a key role in the maintenance of quality and quantity in milk procurement and its processing.He was presiding over the first ever national seminar 'Exploring cost effective opportunities in dairy &amp; cattlefeed plants using energy management systems' in Mehsana on Saturday. It was organized by Indian Dairy Association (Gujarat Chapter) in coordination with Mansinghbhai Institution of Dairy &amp; Food Technology.Around 250 delegates and experts who participated in the seminar made presentations on innovative technologies in refrigeration, boilers and others. Rahall Kumar Srivastava, managing director, Amul Dairy, Anand, was among those who attended the seminar. Prakash Vankani, group head, Dalkia Energy Services, was the keynote speaker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "araria", "code": "16804315", "title": "CJM move for disposal of pending FIRs", "text": "ARARIA: The chief judicial magistrate, Araria, has directed Araria police for submission of investigation reports in about 3,570 FIRs lodged by the victims with different police stations in the district which have been gathering dust for decades.CJM Sampurnanand Tiwari has got the list of all the pending cases right from 1975 to 2011 piled up at different police stations and forwarded it to Araria SP asking him to close investigation in the cases at the earliest.He has directed the police to submit separate chargesheet and case diary in accordance with the direction of the amended provision of CrPC.According to the data available in Araria court, the highest number of police case, numbering 637, are pending for investigation in Araria Town police station. Total number of police cases pending for investigation is 535 in Forbesganj, 498 in Narpatganj, 267 in Jokihat, 169 in Sikti, 129 in Kursakatta, 122 in Jogbani, 103 in Palasi, 50 in Baunsi, 30 in Fulkaha and 25 in Tarabari police stations.Acting upon the golden principle in jurisprudence \"Justice delayed is justice denied\", the CJM has sent the copy of the letter to the Purnia DIG.It may be recalled that some of these police cases are 45 years old.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "kurukshetra", "code": "16803171", "title": "Youth attempts suicide near SP office in Haryana", "text": "KURUKSHETRA: Upset over inaction by local police, a 28-year-old man tried to commit suicide by consuming poisonous substance, a few yards from the superintendent of police's office here on Friday evening.Baffled over the incident, personnel deployed at SP office rushed Mangat Singh to hospital. Having failed to set its own house in order, the police have slapped a case of attempt to commit suicide against Singh, who is lying unconscious at the hospital.Notwithstanding the fact that Mangat, a landlord from a village, was seen making rounds to various offices in SP office, alleging cheating by realtors, the Kurukshetra SP denied having received any complaint from him. \"We have checked our records and did not find any complaint lodged by Mangat Singh. We can not say why he took such a step without filing proper complaint. The police have registered case against him,\" Kurukshetra SP Rakesh Arya told TOI over phone.According to eyewitnesses, before consuming poison, Singh had said that he had approached the police on Thursday as well, but no one entertained his complaint. He had reportedly gone to SP's office to get a complaint lodged against some persons from Kaithal, who had cheated him of Rs 43 lakh in the name of land deal.Eyewitness said prior to being spotted lying unconscious in front of the mini secretariat, he was seen raising slogans against police for not dealing with his complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16804531", "title": "Hubli gets a swanky railway station", "text": "HUBLI: Broken floors or filthy platforms at the Hubli railway station are now a thing of the past. The railway station has now been given the necessary facelift under the Rs 26.78 crore project.The renovated railway station was inaugurated by chief minister Jagadish Shettar on Saturday While Rs.16.64 crore has been already spent for the new station building, and a lot more works are still pending in the station. The aesthetically laid out building complex consists of modern facilities like food plaza, cyber cafe and shopping complexes.There are 10 booking counters which include enquiry and ticket booking counters and six retiring rooms for men and women, AC waiting halls, tourist facility centre and VIP waiting rooms. For arrival and departure of trains, the number of platforms at the new railway station building has been increased from four to five and to avoid congestion during peak hours a passenger entry/ exit through subway connecting platforms number 1 to 5 to the car park, auto/taxi stand has also been provided. Passengers were an elated lot with the new building getting a swanky look. \"I am seeing enormous difference between the old railway station and the new one. There were no proper seating arrangements earlier, whereas the new station is very spacious,\" said Ramalinge Gowda, a retired official of the state government, Bangalore \"We had to wait for a long time in the queue to get the tickets earlier with only 2-3 at the old station. The new station has more counters which will ease rush. Cleanliness should be maintained at the swanky building,\" said Manikanth Joshi, Bank employee, Hubli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16804025", "title": "Test confirms dead lizard in meal packet", "text": "NASHIK: The State Public Health Laboratory, Pune has confirmed the presence of a dead lizard in a packet of Take Home Ration (THR), opened by a mother for her malnourished child. The packet was collected from Eklahara village in Dindori on July 11. The report states that the packet was 'unfit' for consumption.The fact that the THR packet contained the dead lizard came to light after Hemlata Pawar, from Dindori, found it after opening the packet delivered to her in May 2012 through the local anganwadi, as she was preparing the food for her malnourished child, delivered to her in May 2012,through the local Anganwadi. The THR is meant for malnourished children, lactating mothers and girls attaining puberty in the rural areas.\"We have received the report from the laboratory in Pune. The fact is very clear that the packet was unfit for consumption. We have therefore forwarded it to the state government for further action,\" chief executive officer of Nashik zilla parishad, Ranjit Kumar said.Prakash Wadje, ZP member from Dindori, had raised the issue in the ZP after the fact was reported to him by Pawar's family members. He had demanded immediate recalling of food packets, black-listing of the food supplier and action against the deputy chief executive officer, women and child welfare committee, Anamika Ingole.CEO Ranjit Kumar further said that all the necessary action regarding the recalling of the THR packets and advising no use of the same were ordered immediately. \"The action against the contractor is not in our domain and the same shall be decided by the government. Though it may be noted that there was no complaint from any of the beneficiaries that might have consumed the product of THR of the same batch, we still ensured that all the packets of that particular batch were withdrawn,\" Ranjit Kumar said.The beneficiary- then narrating the issue to the zilla parishad president Jayashree Pawar and chief executive officer Ranjit Kumar, during a recent general body meeting itself- had claimed that she had cut open the packet of THR and poured it into a pan preparing the food when she noticed the dead lizard along with the 'nutritious' food.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16803448", "title": "'Mandarin is next world language'", "text": "When Srimoyee's mother passed out from school in 1995, she studied French and knows it flakily. \"But say 15 years from now, it looks like Mandarin will hold a person in good stead. So I am exposing my child to the language,\" said Prema.The power of language is often perceived to be proportional to the economic strength of a country. So it seems with China too, where novelist Mo Yan was announced the literature Nobel winner on Wednesday. Dhirubhai Ambani School students Neil (9) and Nayantara Kothari (12), children of a top banker, are picking up Mandarin as their parents feel that China will continue to be an economic powerhouse.\"Apart from the fact that our kids will have a competitive advantage over others, they will be acquainted with the rich ancient culture and its language,\" said their mother Vandana Batra.For many actually, it is less about delighting in the language and more about the fact that Mandarin is becoming synonymous with the language of business. \"I am learning Mandarin because my parents told me that it is the language of the future to do business,\" a student of Oberoi International School told Lu Kong, his Mandarin instructor.The school is offering Mandarin as an after-school activity for students upwards of Class III. \"We have started offering Mandarin from this year and the response has been fine,\" said principal Vladimir Kuskovski.In August, the CBSE board offered to train teachers in Mandarin so that the language could be taught in schools. \"It is the next world language,\" said Nalini Pinto, principal of NSS Hillspring International School that offers the first level of Mandarin.Several schools like BIS and Podar International have also introduced Mandarin, with help from Inchin Closer, a firm that teaches the language. Nazia Vasi, the firm's founder, says: \"I teach several school students whose parents know that this is an important language. If you know Hindi and Mandarin, you are talking to 3.5 billion people in the world.\"The trend has caught up outside the city too. In Bangalore, Ni Hao (Hello) has had some students attend Mandarin classes with their parents. \"There are Indians who want to migrate to China and want their children to know the language. And there are some who are expatriates, who want their kids to be fluent in the language,\" said Mahesh K, coordinator of the centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16808232", "title": "More Muslim representation in police force, army and IB: AIMMM", "text": "LUCKNOW: Expressing concern over spurt in communal violence in various parts of the country, the All India Muslim Majlis-e Mushawarat (AIMMM), the umbrella body of Indian Muslim organisations in the country, has demanded increase in Muslim representation in the police force and Intelligence Bureau (IB).The Central Working Committee of the AIMMM, in a recent meeting, passed a resolution stating that it is alarmed at the spurt in communal riots in various parts of the country, especially in Uttar Pradesh after Samajwadi Party government came to power in the state. \"It has been noted that the police force either remains passive during these instances of engineered murder, loot and arson or becomes an active participant opening fire at will at Muslims with the intent to kill as happened at Masuri town near Delhi.We caution the state and central governments to be more careful in tackling acts of violence, pay adequate compensation to the victims of police fire and take quick legal action against the killers,\" the resolution stated. It also appealed to the Muslim masses to show no unnecessary and hasty violent reaction to inflammatory situations created on purpose by communal forces whose eyes are fixed on the general elections in 2014 for which communal polarization is required so that their political party may benefit.The AIMMM, in another resolution, welcomed the effort of the central government to raise Muslim representation in the police force which has gone down to as low as 2% in some states. \"Muslim representation should also be raised in the Army, IB and other security agencies to regain the lost confidence of the Muslim masses,\" it stated.The AIMMM also passed a resolution which stated that after a short respite in the wake of the exposure of the vast network of saffron terror outfits, the vicious campaign against Muslim youths has started again. Innocent youth are being arrested, from various parts of the country on the basis of fabricated stories and mere suspicion.Police chiefs were recently told during their annual conference that the biggest threat faced by the country comes from the so-called \"Indian Mujahidin\" which many in the Muslim community think is a fictitious organization propped up by the IB to harass Muslims. Eighteen youths have been arrested recently in Bangalore and other places in a totally false and fabricated case which is clear from the changing stories dished out by Bangalore police about these youths.The AIMMM demanded transparency in the matter and establishment of fast-track courts to try cases of young Muslims arrested on terror charges. Acquital after 10-15 years of trial and incarceration ruins their lives and careers. IB and police officers responsible for fabricating cases and implicating innocents should be punished and compensation to the victims should be deducted from the salaries and pensions of such officers.The meeting was chaired by the AIMMM national president Zafarul-Islam Khan and attended by Arshi Khan and Mohammad Sulaiman (general secretaries of AIMMM), Nusrat Ali, Hakim Syed Zillur Rahman, Prof Akhtarul Wasey, Prof Shakil Ahmad, Prof SM Yahya, Janab Zafar Jung, group captain (retd) M Anwar, Ahmad Rashid Shevani and Nusrat Shervani. The meeting discussed a number of organisational, milli, national and international issues including Assam violence, riots in UP, terror related arrests among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16808014", "title": "Music finds its home in Bangalore", "text": "For the past few years, the Garden City has played host to a raneg of music artists. From Lamb of God to David Guetta , the city has played host to music artists from across the world. And in a bid to keep the pub city alive to the rhythms of the world, Vladavir Rock 'n India concert will feature debut live performances by the American thrash metal band Slayer, and world famous guitarist Carlos Santana .For many, this music fest is a dream come true. \"I'm really excited to see Santana perform live. I have grown listening to his songs,\" says Anand Gopalan, a 26 year old entrepreneur.\"I will definitely travel to Bangalore to see Slayer play my favorite hits. This only confirms that India has made its mark in the music scene,\" says Arun Ramanathan, a music enthusiast from Chennai.Sources say that the guitar maestro will perform his evergreen hits like Black Magic Woman, Smooth, Evil Ways, Dance Into The Night, Oye Como Va, Maria Maria, While My Guitar Gently Sweepsand, among others.Besides the star acts, the rock festival promises to have an extreme sports zone, a Gaming Zone etc.The American band Slayer will perform on October 20, at Bhartiya City; while Santana will perform on October 26 at Bhartiya City.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "16810357", "title": "Duleep Trophy: Saurabh, Basant lead fightback as East Zone reach 187/6 on Day 1", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Jharkhand batsman Saurabh Tiwary and Orissa all-rounder Basant Mohanty scripted an impressive recovery with an undefeated century-plus stand as East Zone reached 187 for six at stumps on Day 1, of their Duleep Trophy semifinal against South Zone.While Tiwary remained undefeated on 84, Mohanty did well on his part to remain unbeaten on 51 as they put 121 runs in 32.2 overs for the seventh wicket after East were tottering at 66 for six by the 38th over.Due to overnight rain and wet outfield conditions, only 70 overs of play was possible on the day.South Zone skipper Ranganath Vinay Kumar opted to field first as he wanted to make full use of any juice that was available on a track that has always over the years been considered as conducive for batting.Skipper Vinay led from the front as he dismissed left-handed opener Dheeraj Jadhav for 1 while his new-ball partner Abhimanyu Mithun removed pint-sized Manish Vardhan caught by Manish Pandey in the slip cordon.Stuart Binny who came in as forst change also got into the act removing skipper Nataraj Behera (11) and his deputy Anustup Majumdar (4) in quick succession as East were reduced to 21 for four within first 13 overs.Tiwary, who was batting cautiously, was joined by Biplab Samantray (6) but they were pushed to the backfoot as South bowlers did a good job during that phase. In 13.1 overs, the duo could add only 17 after which Samantray's 44-ball vigil ended with an edge off Mithun's bowling which was taken by wicketkeeper CM Gautham.East wicketkeeper Shiv Prakash Gautam then joined his statemate Tiwary and after adding 28 runs became left-arm spinner KP Appanna's first victim as CM Gautham got his 3rd victim behind stumps.Tottering at 66/6, Mohanty and Tiwary joined hands as they slowly but surely resurrected the innings. Left-hander Tiwary played 162 balls for his unbeaten 84 hitting 10 fours and a six in the process. Mohanty who faced 102 deliveries hit three fours and two huge sixes.As the day progressed, the conditions became better for batting and the two East Zone players took full advantage of the situation to carry out an impressive repair job.With not much batting left, East will expect that these two carry on from where they left today in order to put some kind of respectable total which will enable Ashok Dinda and Co to atleast ask a few questions to the formidable South line-up.Brief score:East Zone 187/6 in 70 overs (Saurabh Tiwary 84 batting, Basant Mohanty 51 batting, Stuart Binny 2/40, A Mithun 2/43) vs South Zone .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16803221", "title": "Want subsidized LPG? Get your consumer card", "text": "MUMBAI: In order to get three subsidized cooking gas cylinders till March 2013 and six every financial year after that, citizens must check that the serial number on their domestic gas consumer card (DGCC) booklet matches that on the cash memo produced by delivery boy. This is to avoid any dispute over delivery of subsidized cylinders. A subsidized cooking gas cylinder costs Rs 425, while the non-subsidized one is priced at Rs 906.In a joint statement, all oil-marketing companies have requested over 55 lakh LPG consumers in the Mumbai region to ensure that they possess the DGCC booklet with a serial number and consumer number entered by the distributor. \"If any consumer has lost or misplaced his/her DGCC booklet or does not have the DGCC booklet or has a DGCC booklet without a serial number/consumer number, s/he must get in touch with the distributor and obtain a new booklet duly stamped and signed by the distributor after paying applicable charges. The serial number of the DGCC book must be entered by the distributor in his system,\" the companies said.\"Consumers have to produce the DGCC booklet to the delivery boy while receiving the refill cylinder. The delivery boy will then enter the details of delivery and sign on the DGCC booklet. Consumers must check the entry and sign the DGCC book. Consumers must also sign the copy of the cash memo as acknowledgement of receipt of the refill cylinder and handover the same to the delivery man,\" the companies said in order to ensure flaw-less delivery system.\"The cash memo will indicate the number of subsidized cylinder being delivered against entitlement i.e. one of three, 2/3 or 3/3 etc as well as the serial number of DGCC booklet. Consumers must check that the serial number of the DGCC matches with that printed on the cash memo,\" the release stated further.Even in reticulated system where consumers in apartments store cylinders below and use it through pipe, only first three cylinders will be allowed to be bought at subsidized price and rest at market price, the companies clarified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16804666", "title": "Rangotsava to bring alive Karanth\u2019s plays", "text": "MYSORE: Navarathri Rangotsava, the theatre festival to be organized by Rangayana, will bring alive the plays enacted and directed by B V Karanth, in addition to those by Rangayana artistes. The nine-day fest, scheduled here from Monday, will begin with 'Krishengowdara Ane' written by Poornachandra Tejaswi and directed by R Nagesh. On Tuesday, 'Kattale Belaku' written by Sriranga and directed by B V Karanth will be staged. The other plays are 'Chirebandi Wade', 'Yenu Hucchuri Ingyakaadtri', 'Shudra Tapasvi', 'Checkmate', 'Kindari Jogi', 'Pugalendi Prahasana' and 'Chandrahasa'. 'Kattale Belaku', 'Kindari Jogi', and 'Chandrahasa' are directed by Karanth. Prasanna has directed 'Pugalendi Prahasana' and 'Yenu Hucchuri Ingyankaadtri'.'Shudra Tapasvi is directed by C Basavalingaiah. Briefing reporters about festival, Rangayana director B V Rajaram said the repertory will stage the plays to entertain the people with plays directed and played by noted personalities. \"The young generation does not know much about such personalities and their plays. Also, Rangayana aims to refresh the memories of theatre aficionados and people,\" he said, adding that though Rangayana has the prototypes of Karanth-directed plays, the artistes have to be taught the nuances of acting.On the occasion, Rangayana will also felicitate nine artistes from different parts of the state. Some of them are folk singer Radhabai Madar, Ganga Hucchamma and M Baghyalakshmi. A doll show will also be organized by Rangayana, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16803194", "title": "Feeder service hits new low", "text": "NEW DELHI: While Delhi Metro has been running successfully and is spreading its network, DMRC's feeder services \u2014 both bus and cycle \u2014 have had a dismal run.The plan to introduce 300 new buses into the feeder service, which has always been inundated with complaints, will be delayed as the private concessionaire tries to acquire buses according to the urban development ministry norms. Adding to the list of woes is the now-dysfunctional cycle feeder service, which was run by Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) itself.Commuters have always been complaining about the absence of a robust feeder bus service. At present, DMRC runs only 119 buses, which ferry 40,000 commuters against a daily ridership of over 20 lakh, according to the Metro data.A tender for more cycle vendors taken out earlier this year has since been scrapped, with officials claiming that the service has been put on hold. Delhi Metro now says it has no immediate plan of reviving the scheme despite the fact that one of the major projects undertaken by UTTIPEC, the capital's umbrella transport body, emphasizes on cycles providing the last-mile connectivity in the 200m influence zone of the Metro stations.The project, which was to start with Chhattarpur Metro station, envisages the influence zone around a Metro station as being a seamless traffic hub with designated space for para-transit like autorickshaws and Gramin Sewa as well as non-motorized transport options for commuters like cycles.But this project is also stuck at the conceptual stage with Delhi Metro and Delhi Development Authority working out the funding issue. The work, which was to start earlier this year, will take more months as Metro has refused to fund the pilot project at Chhattarpur. The same plan, which will be replicated in Nehru Place station, lays a lot of emphasis on non-motorized transport like bicycles.The cycle scheme, introduced by DMRC in 2010 at several stations, including Vishwavidyalaya, sought to offer an eco-friendly alternative to cars and buses for commuting to the station and back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16803415", "title": "Ashwin Sundar extends lead in Formula LGB 4", "text": "CHENNAI: Ashwin Sundar of Dark Don Racing extended his lead in the Formula LGB 4 category by winning both the races in spectacular fashion on Saturday in the fifth round of the JK Tyre-FMSCI National racing championship at the MMST track on the outskirts of the city.Chennai driver Ashwin took his overall points tally to 161, with another race slated for Sunday before the championship goes into the final round next month.The highly-anticipated battle between Sundar and his fierce rival, Saran Vikram of Mars Racing, failed to materialize with Vikram suffering a technical problem with his car.Saran finished sixth in the first race and fourth in the next, garnering 20 points. The lanky driver slipped to third spot in the standings with 102 points.Ashwin was determined to maintain his lead over his competition, especially Saran who was leading until the fourth round. \"Winning a race is always a special feeling. It was tough today but I was confident of holding on to the lead,\" Ashwin told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16804026", "title": "Chemists in state to go on 3-day strike", "text": "PUNE: Chemist shops across the state will remain closed for three days from Tuesday to protest alleged harassment by government officials, said office-bearers of the Maharashtra State Chemists and Druggists Association.\"We have decided to down shutters from October 16 to October 18 to protest harassment by the Food and Drugs Administration (FDA),\" said Jugalkishore Tapadiya, secretary of the Maharashtra State Chemists and Druggists' Association. The shutdown will come into effect from Monday midnight and include even those that operate 24 hours.Pune district, including Pune city and Pimpri-Chinchwad, have around 6,000 chemists.\" All 6,000 will be closed,\" said Mahendra Pitaliya, co-coordinator of Chemists Association of Pune District.B R Masal, joint commissioner (drugs), FDA, Pune division said a meeting was held with the association on Saturday to find out their exact demands.The shops will close on Monday midnight. Medical shops that operate 24X7 will also take part in the strike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16804051", "title": "35 thousand square ft illegal construction razed in Katraj, Bibvewadi", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation's anti demolition squad razed illegal constructions spread over 35,000 sq ft in Katraj and Bibvewadi areas on Saturday.The press note issued by the PMC states that the squad vacated illegal constructions that occupied the proposed Biodiversity Park area in Katraj and also brought down constructions for industrial purpose. In Bibvewadi, illegal constructions in residential areas were demolished. Unlike the opposition put up by local residents in Dhayari during the last two days, Saturday's drive was peaceful, PMC officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-14"}
