{"city": "srinagar/new delhi", "code": "17802598", "title": "Trial run on India\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s longest railway tunnel", "text": "SRINAGAR/NEW DELHI: A day after angry villagers in south Kashmir's Anantnag blocked the trial run of a train through India's longest 11.21-km tunnel linking Qazigund to Banihal demanding halts at Hillad village in Qazigund, the railways carried out the first test run on Friday.\"Northern Railway is going to achieve one more milestone in J&K; in transportation with the completion of Banihal-Qazigund section of Udhampur-Baramullah-Srinagar Rail link project...The first track tamping machine arrived at Banihal on December 24 from Qazigund. Rs 1691cr was incurred by the railways to complete this section,\" said a Northern Railway spokesman. The tunnel constructed by Hindustan Construction Corporation will reduce the travel distance between Qazigund and Banihal from 35 km (by road) to just 17.5 km (by train).The Pir Panjal tunnel has attained the distinction of being the second longest railway tunnel in Asia, an HCC spokesman said. The tunnel section of the track was built at a cost of Rs 1691 crore, and took seven years to complete. The tunnel was built by NATM (new Austrian tunnelling method) used for the first time on such a large scale in India. The tunnel has been made waterproof. It's equipped with air quality monitoring, ventilation, communication, and fire-fighting systems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17803327", "title": "Global healthcare summit from January 1", "text": "KOCHI: The city will host a three-day global healthcare summit from January 1 to discuss innovative and cost-effective solutions in healthcare, which is affordable and accessible to all.Organised by the American association of physicians of Indian origin (AAPI), global association of physicians of Indian origin (GAPIO) and the Indian medical association (IMA), the conference will be held at Le Meridien Convention Centre. Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad will inaugurate the summit.Kerala is hosting this summit for the first time. A private-public initiative, the event aims to provide better healthcare for people of the state with the help of Indian doctors working across the globe.\"The conference will have a healthcare CEO programme for stakeholders to identify avenues for strategic alliances, share know-how, and discuss latest advancements in healthcare,\" said president of AAPI and chairman of the summit Narendra Kumar.G N Singh, drug controller general of India; Jeremy Lazarus, president, American medical association; K K Talwar, chairman of medical council of India; Jagdish Prasad, director general of health services; Eswara Reddy, device controller of India; Emmanuel Cassimatis, president and CEO of the education commission for foreign medical graduates, USA and Pratap C Reddy, chairman, Apollo Hospitals , are among those who attend the event.Non-communicable diseases and its impact on India, healthcare quality and safety, hospital infections and future of healthcare education and skills education are some of the topics that will be discussed during the summit.\"Instead of focusing on a single specialty, the summit would bring in experts from various fields. There would be effective exchange of ideas,\" said S Sachidananda Kamath, Kochi co-ordinator of the summit.AAPI is the umbrella organization for over 130 specialty societies and alumni organizations, and has over one lakh members of Indian origin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17807464", "title": "Decision on property tax postponed by Pune Municipal Corporation", "text": "PUNE: The standing committee of Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) has postponed the decision on increasing the property tax.\"Discussions on the proposal were carried out. More discussions are expected, so we have decided to convene a special meeting. The final decision on the tax hike has been postpone till that meeting,\" said Baburao Chandere, chairman of the standing committee PMC.The civic administration has proposed a hike of 8 percent in the property tax for financial year 2013-14 in the city. The proposal, which has been forwarded to the standing committee of the PMC, came up for discussion on Wednesday.The civic body, as per section 99 of the Bombay Provincial Municipal Corporation (BPMC) Act, 1949, finalises the rates of taxes every year and places the same before the standing committee. If the standing committee approves the same it becomes part of the municipal commissioner's annual civic budget. As per the BPMC Act, the General Body (GB) must approve new tax rates before February 20 of every year.The proposal for 2013-14 states: \"It is necessary to increase revenue from taxes and other sources considering the cost escalation in developmental projects and expenditure on providing civic amenities, especially projects related to water supply and sewage treatment.\"The PMC has also decided to continue to provide discounts for those property owners, who pay property tax in advance. The civic body offers 10% discount if the tax is Rs 25,000 or less, while a 5% discount is offered if the amount is more than Rs 25,001 for those who pay tax before May 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17802797", "title": "851 fined for tinted glass", "text": "PATNA: Patna traffic police, in their drive against tinted glass in vehicles over the past five days, have fined 851 vehicles. Moreover, they have also been removing the tint from windows of vehicles themselves, rather than waiting for the vehicle owners to do it.Patna traffic SP Chandrika Prasad said, \"The drive was intensified after the Supreme Court expressed dissatisfaction over the tardy implementation of its directions banning use of tint beyond the permissible limit on windows of vehicles in Delhi. Following the Supreme Court's order to the police across the country not just to fine the drivers of vehicles having tinted glasses, but to also to take measures to remove the tint, we have started removing the tint from vehicles.\"Prasad said they have decided to inspect parking lots in the city. \"On the road, traffic police officers have to fine vehicles one by one but in parking lots, we can take action against many vehicles at once,\" said the traffic SP.He said after the Delhi gang rape case, in which a girl was raped in a bus with tinted glasses as it went around the city, traffic police personnel in Patna have been instructed to be more vigilant about vehicles with tinted glass.According to the traffic police personnel, they would soon launch an awareness drive here to educate people about the Supreme Court ruling on the ban on use of dark films and tinted glasses on four-wheelers.The traffic SP said, \"Many vehicle owners cooperated with the cops while several well-established vehicle owners refused to remove the tint on glasses of their vehicles. We didn't fine the people who voluntarily removed the tint.\"Sources in the traffic police department said around 10,000 four-wheelers in the city use dark films or tint higher than the permitted percentage. \"We will also monitor the vehicles entering the city from outside,\" he said.A senior police official said according to Section 100 (2) of the Central Motor Vehicles Act, 1989, using dark, black and reflective glasses in vehicles was not permitted. However, vehicle manufacturers or car owners often flout the norm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17804646", "title": "Statistical highlights: India vs Pakistan, 2nd T20I", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Statistical highlights of the second Twenty20 International between India and Pakistan on Friday:# Mohammad Hafeez posted a 23-ball fifty - the second fastest by a Pakistani batsman in T20Is. Umar Akmal holds the record with his 21-ball fifty during his innings of 64 off 31 balls against Australia at Edgbaston on July 5, 2010.# Hafeez (55 off 26 balls) has posted his fourth fifty in T20Is - his second against India. The innings is his first fifty in a losing cause in T20Is. His strike rate of 211.53 is his best ever in T20Is.# Shoaib Malik and Mohammad Hafeez have registered two fifties as captain, sharing a Pakistani record in T20Is. In four games, he has amassed 132 runs at an average of 33.00 - the most for Pakistan against India in T20Is. He has become the first Pakistani player to record two fifties against India in T20Is.# Pakistan (181 for seven) registered their highest total against India.# The score is their second highest in a losing cause in T20Is - the highest is 191 for six against Australia at Gros Islet on May 14, 2010. Pakistan's total is their highest while chasing in T20Is.# Pakistan's 181 for seven is their seventh highest total in T20Is - their highest being 203 for five against Bangladesh at Karachi on April 20, 2008.# India (192/5) have registered their highest total against Pakistan. The said score is their third highest in T20Is - the highest is 218 for four against England at Kingsmead, Durban on September 19, 2007.# India's score is the second highest by any team against Pakistan, next only to Australia's 197 for seven at Gros Islet on May 14, 2010.# Ashok Dinda (3/36) registered his best bowling figures against Pakistan in T20Is. The figures are his second best in T20Is. Against Sri Lanka he had captured 4 for 19 against Sri Lanka at Pallekele on August 7, 2012.# Dhoni is the first skipper to have won 20 games in T20Is - success percentage 51.25.# India have won three out of five played against Pakistan (lost one and tied one) - success percentage 70.00.# Virat Kohli has taken his runs' tally to 471 at an average of 39.25 in 14 games in T20Is in 2012 - the second highest next only to the 472 (ave.47.20) in 13 matches by New Zealand's Martin Guptill.# Ahmed Shehzad and Nasir Jamshed put on 74 - Pakistan's highest for the first wicket against India in T20Is# Umar Gul (4/37) has registered his best bowling figures against India in T20Is. Gul has taken seven wickets at 8.28 runs apiece, establishing a record for most wickets in a bilateral series between India and Pakistan.# Gul is the first bowler to capture ten wickets at an average of 14.30 in five matches in India-Pakistan T20Is. He has bagged four wickets or more in an innings five times and became the second Pakistani bowler after Mohammad Asif (4/18 at Durban on September 14, 2007) to take four wickets in an innings against India.# Yuvraj's 72 off 36 balls is his highest score in T20Is, beating the 70 against Australia in 2007.# Yuvraj has equalled his Indian record for most sixes in an innings in T20Is. He is the only Indian batsman to record seven sixes in an innings twice in T20Is.# With 116 runs (ave. 58.00) in two games, Hafeez has set a record for the highest tally in a bilateral series involving India and Pakistan. He has received the Player of the series award for the first time in T20Is.# Dhoni and Yuvraj were associated in a partnership of 97 - India's highest stand for the fourth wicket in T20Is. The said stand is India's highest for any wicket against Pakistan.# Yuvraj (54) is the first Indian batsman to complete a half-century of sixes in T20Is.# Yuvraj received his sixth Man of the Match award in T20Is. He is the first Indian player to receive six Man of the Match awards in T20Is.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "nagpur/chandrapur", "code": "17800992", "title": "Naxalites fire at tea-sipping policemen; two injured", "text": "NAGPUR/CHANDRAPUR: A casual tea break proved costly for the cops as Naxals found them easy target at a snacks stall in Gatta village near Jambia in Etapalli tehsil on Friday morning. Apart from an officer and a constable, a 50-year-old widow too was hurt in the firing when two bullets hit her. The incident took place within 500 metres of the Gatta armed outpost.Sub-inspector Vijay Jadhav sustained two bullet injuries in his either legs while constable Umesh Kodape too was hurt in the lower part of his body when Naxal action team member opened fire. Krushna Dey, owner of the shop, too received two bullet injuries in the right side of her abdomen and below her right knee. The policemen were from the nearby Gatta armed outpost.The cops claimed that the police team came under the attack at the start of an operation. Superintendent of police, Gadchiroli, Suwez Haque denied that there was any lapse in the standard operation procedure despite the fact that the cops were sipping tea when the Naxals fired upon them.It was strange the way cops justified the tea-sipping stop by stating that such practice meant for mingling with the villagers.The injured were rushed to Nagpur. While the cops were admitted at the sophisticated Wockhardt Hospital, Dey was sent to Government Medical College and Hospital for treatment. It is learnt that Dey was chopping onions for the snacks when the bullets pierced her. Her relative said that the Naxals took out the firearms from a white bag before firing at the cops who were relaxing with tea.\"The cops were sitting with tea cups when Naxals started firing,\" said Jagat Dey who owns a shop in the vicinity and is relative of the injured.It is learnt that the Naxals had observed the routine outings of the cops in the Gatta village and also their habit of entering into the stalls for tea and snacks. An armed action team opened fire on the bunch of around a dozen cops accompanying PSI Jadhav and another officer of the Gatta armed outpost.\"There were three members in the attack team of Naxalites . They fired at the police party from two big trees located nearby. Jadhav and Dey were injured. Rest of the cops retaliated and the gun battle went on for 10 minutes. Thereafter the attackers fled into nearby jungle,\" said Sub-divisional police officer, Etapalli, Datta Nalawade.He said, \"The PSI sustained two bullet injuries in the legs. Fortunately both the bullets went brushing the flesh, instead of inflicting critical injury\" he said.Additional forces have been deployed in the area and combing operations have been intensified following the attack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "karachi", "code": "17807306", "title": "Irfan, Malik retained in Pak ODI squad", "text": "KARACHI: The Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) said on Saturday that left-arm pacer Mohammad Irfan and experienced all-rounder Shoaib Malik would remain in India with the national squad for the three-match one-day series, beginning in Chennai on Sunday.The PCB announced in a statement that the national selection committee had accepted a request from the tour management to retain Malik and Irfan in the one-day squad.\"These two players will now also be part of the one-day squad in India,\" the statement said.Malik and Irfan were originally only selected in the national Twenty20 squad for the two matches in India that ended in a 1-1 draw last night.But after Malik scored a match winning half-century in the first T20 at Bangalore and Irfan impressed everyone with his bowling in both the games, speculations were rife the two players would also be retained for the ODI series.Former Pakistan captain Shahid Afridi , however, could not manage to win the confidence of the team management and will return home along with those players who were only selected for the T20 series.Malik's retention for the ODI series, though could create selection headaches for the tour selection committee as the squad already includes specialist batsmen like Imran Farhat, Azhar Ali, Younis Khan and Misbah-ul-Haq.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "bishnupur (south 24-parganas)", "code": "17801672", "title": "Villagers lock up MLA over bad road", "text": "BISHNUPUR (SOUTH 24-PARGANAS): A Trinamool Congress MLA, who was returning to Kolkata after inaugurating a health sub-centre, was stopped midway by villagers angry over the bad condition of a road, allegedly locked up and manhandled on Friday evening.Though Dilip Mondal, the MLA of Bishnupur constituency, later denied that he was either manhandled or locked up, a strong force from Maheshtala and Rabindranagar police stations had to come rushing to get him released.The agitators were residents of Gangadharpur village under Ashuti panchayat in Thakurpukur block. Ashuti, which was earlier under Budge Budge assembly constituency, was included in Bishnupur assembly constituency after delimitation.Villagers said there has been a long-standing demand for re-laying the 6km road from Moinagarh to Chorial Khal. \"The road is worse than a dirt track. Even ambulances can't reach our villages because of the bad road condition. There have been several accidents because of that,\" said Shyamal Ghosh, a villager.On Friday, Mondal had gone to inaugurate the health sub-centre along with Budge Budge MLA Ashok Deb. On their way back, their cars were blocked by the villagers. While Deb came out to face the villagers, Mondal apparently stayed back in the car.This infuriated the villagers who almost dragged Mondal out and took him to the panchayat office. They demanded that the MLA initiate the road re-laying work immediately. Mondal pleaded his inability, which infuriated the villagers further. They allegedly forced Mondal into a room and bolted the door from outside. Deb requested villagers to free Mondal, but they refused.When TOI contacted him, Mondal was still under gehrao. \"Not everything is in my hands,\" he said helplessly. \"I have taken the issue up with the government. But I did not get any funds for the road repairs. I spent Rs 1.5 lakh from my own pocket for some urgent patch-work. But that did not suffice. Now we are discussing if some some urgent work can be initiated with zilla parishad funds.\"Mondal said that as an MLA, he has a limited capacity to carry out development works. \"In my kitty, there is only Rs 50 lakh for construction work. Taking into account all the panchayat areas under me, I cannot spend more than Rs 3 lakh for any area. But I have already spent Rs 10 lakh for this area,\" he claimed. The villagers, on the other hand, alleged that the MLA had not spent a penny on the road.The MLA also claimed that he had not been locked up. \"We only had a discussion,\" said Mondal. However, a number of villagers claimed that Mondal had been locked up in a room.Mondal was allowed to come out after an hour. He apparently informed police, but the arrival of a force did not deter villagers from gheraoing him. \"We won't lift the gherao till the MLA gives us in writing that the road will be repaired,\" said a villager.Mondal claimed this could be a \"political conspiracy\" as the panchayat is run by a Congress board. Locals retorted that they are neither Congress nor Trinamool supporters. \"We only understand development,\" said one of them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17805740", "title": "Madonna's charity builds ten schools in Malawi", "text": "Madonna has built 10 primary schools in Malawi during 2012, her charity has announced.Two years after abandoning a 15-million-dollar girls academy, the 54-year-old singer said on Friday that the projects in 2012 will help educate 4871 children in the tiny southern African country, News.com.au reported.The projects were carried out by the pop diva's charity Raising Malawi and the global non-profit buildOn.In a statement released by her charity, the 'Like A Virgin' hit-maker said that she was overjoyed that her commitment along with buildOn's to help educate the children of Malawi had come to fruition.She said that in a country where girls have little opportunity for education, it's additionally inspiring to know that more than half the students attending are going to be young girls.The schools, which had been scheduled to be constructed over 18 months, were completed six months ahead of schedule.The charity said that six of the schools are already in use and all 10 would be up and running in January 2013 for the first day of school in the New Year.Two year's back, Madonna had controversially stopped the construction of the state-of-the-art 15-million-dollar Raising Malawi Academy for Girls (RMAG) in Chinkhota village, 15 kilometres from the administrative capital Lilongwe, after it was mired in allegations of financial mismanagement.The academy, styled on the lines of the one built by TV host Oprah Winfrey in South Africa , was meant to offer 500 scholarships to girls from poor backgrounds and groom them into future leaders.In abandoning the project, Madonna said that the academy would not have been adequate as two-thirds of the girls were not educated beyond primary school.Instead, she said that she had wanted to reach thousands and not hundreds of girls by constructing several schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17801111", "title": "Women head 11% of Indian households, Kerala tops list", "text": "NEW DELHI: About 27 million households \u00e2\u20ac\u201d constituting 11% of the total households in the country \u00e2\u20ac\u201d are headed by females. Kerala claims the pole position, with 23% households having a female as head while Lakshadweep has the largest number of such households among Union Territories (UTs).Interestingly, the proportion of male-headed households has declined by 0.6% in 2011 compared to 2001, while that of households headed by females has increased by 0.5% during the same period.These findings have been revealed in the data released here on Friday as part of the results of the first phase of Census 2011 on \"House Listing and Housing Census\".Releasing the data, minister of state for home affairs R P N Singh said that availability of the exhaustive data would enable the Planning Commission and the government to finalize their schemes.The figures show that there are about 49 lakh single-member female households in the country, with 75% of them living in rural areas.In seven major states \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Chhattisgarh , Madhya Pradesh , Tamil Nadu , Andhra Pradesh , Maharashtra, Odisha and Gujarat \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the proportion of single-member female-headed household is more than 20%.Data also shows that more than 60% of female-headed households have permanent houses, while among SC and ST categories percentage of female-headed households dips to 55.8% and 33.4%, respectively.Around 48% of the number of female-headed households has a toilet within their premises, while 59% of such homes have facilities to take bath in their compounds.Other findings of the census are:Members in around 18% of female-headed households have to trudge more 500 metres in urban areas and a km in rural areas to access potable water.Around 45% women-headed families live in one-room premises, while around 42.5% of such houses use cooking gas/natural gas as fuel for cooking. Around 45% of these homes have TV in comparison to 47.5% in male-headed homes.Only 3.2% of women-headed homes have a four-wheeler like a car, jeep or a van, in comparison to 4.8% of homes with vehicles among male-headed homes. Around 29% of women-headed homes do not possess any asset such as radio/TV/telephone/bicycle/scooter/car. In comparison, 16.5% homes headed by men have no assets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "calangute/mapusa", "code": "17801168", "title": "Mafia wars rule drug trade in Goa's beach belts", "text": "CALANGUTE/MAPUSA: Although a number of drug mafias are said to be operating in the tourism hotspots of North Goa's coastal areas, the police have only managed to crackdown on the Nigerian cartel operating in the Calangute area. Out of the 50-odd drug raids all over Goa this year, the maximum-17-have taken place in Calangute, while areas like Anjuna, Morjim and Arambol, considered strongholds of the drug mafia, have seen only a handful of raids. Even these raids have only netted the small fish, with the Russian, Israeli and local drug lords apparently enjoying immunity, allegedly due to a police-drug mafia nexus.The Russians and Israelis deal in drugs like MDMA, ecstasy and charas, according to sources. The Nigerians allegedly control the cocaine rackets. A former police inspector at the Anjuna police station, Ashish Shirodkar, along with six other policemen, has already been arrested and suspended for his role in the drug mafia-police nexus which was first exposed around two years ago. But the nexus continues, according to sources, who claim that drug dealers provide information to the police about the tourists, mostly foreigners, who buy drugs from them. From P1The police then \"raid\" the rented accommodation of the tourists and catch them with the drugs. The tourists are then forced to pay a large amount of money, usually in euros or dollars, to the police in order to escape imprisonment. In return, the drug dealers and peddlers are allowed to operate with impunity.In drug circles, the Chapora market area is also allegedly the 'drug market' of Goa, where drug dealers and couriers meet to discuss deals in one or the other bar or restaurant there.Towards the north, the Russians have virtually taken strong control of the trade in the Morjim-Arambol belt. For over half-a-decade their presence has been strong in the area and they seem to have managed to involve some local youngsters to push the drugs. Soft drugs are easily available in the area, but for hard drugs for groups, it would take an hour-and-a-half to procure, say sources.But with Calangute police conducting 17 raids, arresting 18 alleged drug peddlers, most of them Nigerians, since the new BJP-led government took charge in March, the drug mafia comprising Nigerians and locals is reportedly on the run. Calangute police have also arrested a large number of Nigerians with fake or expired visas, all of whom are said to be involved in the drug mafia.Despite this, the police have not been able to catch the big fish.Calangute PI Nolasco Raposo said the Nigerians are well-networked over the internet and phone and even while interrogating the arrested Nigerians, it is very difficult to extract information from them about the source of the cocaine. \"The drugs are brought in by Nigerians themselves and then distributed to other Nigerians,\" Raposo said, adding that most of their tip-offs have come through local drug addicts who have been falling into the police net.Sources said that some of these local drug addicts provide police with information about the Nigerians when the Nigerians demand payment for the drugs supplied to them.Police have arrested Abel, Dilip and Tyronne-three big names in pushing drugs-in the last few months, besides some drug addicts who were caught for petty thefts. \"The drug addict needs money to buy drugs everyday. He will look for an opportunity to pounce on a tourist or snatch a bag,\" Raposo said, explaining the reason for the many petty thefts reported on the beaches. \"If you see their plight in the lock-up, when they don't get drugs, it's very pitiable,\" he added.With the Calangute police turning on the heat, the Nigerians have moved into villages like Parra and Siolim where they are still able to find rental accommodation. It is learnt that nobody in the coastal villages of Candolim or Calangute now rent out premises to Nigerians because of their involvement in the narcotics trade. Said an anti-narcotics cell official, \"The people should stop renting out accommodation to drug peddlers. They all know who the drug peddlers are, especially in Anjuna, but nobody informs the police.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "nagrakata (jalpaiguri)", "code": "17801919", "title": "Mamata Banerjee holds hush-hush meet with Barla faction", "text": "NAGRAKATA (JALPAIGURI): Taking time off from her official schedule in North Bengal, chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Friday held a meeting with leaders of the John Barla faction of Akhil Bharatiya Adivasi Vikas Parishad (ABAVP) at a tea estate near Nagrakata.Though everyone was tightlipped about the meeting, it was understood that the subject of discussion was the possible alliance between Trinamool Congress and the John Barla faction in the upcoming panchayat polls.At a public meeting at Nagrakata earlier in the day, the chief minister announced that Alipurduar would soon be turned into a separate district. \"The high court has granted our proposal and the process is on,\" she told the gathering that contained many people from Alipurduar subdivision.The meeting with the Barla faction was held at the house of ABAVP's labour wing Progressive Tea Workers' Union president Sukra Munda, where Barla was also present. Munda, however, claimed that the CM had been to his house at Ghatia tea estate on \"an informal visit\". \"She interacted with my daughter. Nothing on the panchayat election was discussed. There is quite some time for the polls and we expect something to come up by then,\" he said.Apparently, secrecy was maintained so as not to antagonize the ABAVP. The Parishad's Dooars Terai Regional Unit secretary Rajesh Lakra was unaware of the meeting.The John Barla faction was expelled from ABAVP after Barla joined hands with the Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) to demand the formation of a Gorkhaland and Adivasi Territorial Administration comprising the Hills, the Dooars and Terai. Since then, the faction has maintained good rapport with GJM.Observers said it was likely that Trinamool would join hands with the John Barla faction rather than the official ABAVP in the panchayat polls as the ruling party wanted to keep GJM in good humour for the sake of peace in the Hills. Earlier, ABAVP had decided to boycott a public meeting of the chief minister at Nagrakata as she was giving more importance to the Barla faction. After a meeting held on Thursday with Mamata's lieutenant in North Bengal, Goutam Deb, the ABAVP leadership withheld the boycott decision. The Trinamool is keen on having a tie-up with either of the ABAVP factions in the panchayat polls to get a foothold in the tribal belt of Dooars.At the public meeting held at the European Club field in Nagrakata, the CM was expectedly focused on the panchayat polls, announcing some major tourism projects in Dooars and distributed land pattas among 2,476 tea workers. She announced that her government had identified 500 acres adjacent to different tea gardens in the Dooars which will be distributed among 8,000 tea workers within a year. Each worker will get three cottahs. \"Once you get the land, we will try to include you under Indira Awas Yojna (IAY) or Gitanjali Awasan Prakalpa (GAP),\" she said. This will be done under the Nija Bhumi Nija Griha scheme.Mamata also announced that every family belonging to the primitive Toto tribe would be provided a house under the GAP. \"Our government has launched this scheme to provide housing to everybody in the state,\" she said.The CM said the government was giving special significance to Dooars as it had huge potential as a tourist hub. \"We are spending Rs 72 crore to develop tourism in the Dooars. A Rs 46-crore mega circuit is on the cards. We are also making two separate tourism circuits for eastern and western Dooars,\" Mamata said.The CM gave a list of the proposed industrial activities in North Bengal, including a plastic processing cluster at Rajganj, a garment cluster at Paharpur and Jaldhaka, an industrial hub at Ambari Falakata and an industrial estate at Dabgram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17802788", "title": "Ports on power saving mode to cut down costs", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: When the going gets tough, the tough get going. In the times of recession and power shortages, ports like Gangavaram Port and Visakha Container Terminal Private Limted (VCTPL) are turning to energy efficient systems to cut costs.Gangavaram Port has been able to save nearly 15% on its energy bills by using solar panels and LED navigation lamps. VCTPL has managed to save nearly 40% energy by improving energy efficiency in illumination and investing in equipment that guzzles less power.\"We have been able to reduce power consumption by investing in around Rs 120 crore in technologically-advanced, energy efficient equipment, includeslike specially-designed cranes to do away with dead weight, which leads to increase power consumption,as well as cranes that can regenerate power. When a crane hoists a container, it uses a lot of energy. But when docking it, a lot of power is released that is connected back to grid,\" VCTPL COO Capt Sriram Ravi Chander said.Referring to the savings at VCTPL, energy consultant Deepa More said that light pipes and induction lamps used during the last six months have resulted in savings of 15768 kWh per year and 105,996 kWh/yr respectively. \"Assuming that per unit cost of power is Rs 5, VCPTL has saved Rs 78,840 through light pipes and Rs 5.29 lakh through induction lamps during the last six months. This is equivalent to carbon sequestered by 2,140 tree seedlings grown for 10 years or saving on producing 92 tonnes of carbon dioxide,\" said More, who is also the founder of Greenfeathers Advisory Services.Light pipes capture natural sunlight and route it through specially designed piping system resulting in 100% saving on artificial lighting during the day and 50% reduction on energy bills during a 24-hour operation. Induction lamps equipped with photo sensors automaticallypositioned on 40-metre masts provide improved visibility and have reduced energy bills by a massive 40%.Gangavaram Port, on the other hand, has, in the first phase of its energy saving drive, installed 18 solar-powered street lamps and nearly 35 LED navigation lamps to reduce dependency on conventional power, said Visweshwara Rao, assistant vice-president (electrical). He pointed out that the initiative had helped reduce total lighting costs by 15%. The port is now trying to explore other alternatives including wind-based mills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17800748", "title": "Tainted station master gets plum posting at Ballarshah station", "text": "NAGPUR: In the railways, a train ticket examiner (TTE) if caught with even an excess cash of one rupee is removed from service if charges are proved. However, a station master with Nagpur Central Railway is enjoying premium posting at an earning station like Ballarshah even after vigilance has indicted him of committing irregularities.Documents procured under the RTI Act show that the station master Susovan Nayak when posted at Butibori was charged with misusing and overspending imprest cash provided for general and diesel expenses, besides misusing official quarter in 2011.An inquiry conducted by the vigilance department against Nayak proved all the charges. The probe revealed that imprest cash was not spent on general account.\"On comparing the monthly bills it gains ground that Nayak is producing fake purchase bills and pocketing the imprest cash,\" the disciplinary authority has said in the report.Further, the vigilance noticed that expenditure from the general imprest after the date of check had reduced up to almost 50 per cent. Nayak was charged with purchasing costly items repeatedly but use of these items at small station like Butibori does not look feasible.On irregularity about the use of the railway quarter, the probe revealed that his predecessor Sadanand Bodas had vacated the railway quarter on December 17, 2008. Nayak who had used the same quarter for five months till April 30, 2009, did not officially declare that he had occupied it. He, thereby, caused loss to the railways by claiming house rent even while he was using the quarter. He only showed it on record on May 5, 2009 when the vigilance probe was conducted.The vigilance did not accept Nayak's contention that he had not occupied the quarter for five months because it was under repairs. The RTI reply by vigilance says that Nayak failed to maintain absolute integrity, devotion of duty and acted in a manner unbecoming of a railway servant under Railway Service Conduct Rules 1966.The vigilance inquiry recommended directed the senior divisional operating manager (SrDOM) Satyendra Kumar to take strict disciplinary action against Nayak. However, Nayak was demoted from a grade pay of Rs4,800 to Rs4,200 for one year.Instead of dealing strictly with tainted staff, they are given prime postings. Official sources say that after such serious charges are proved an employee is either removed from service or downgraded to new assistant station master (ASM) grade pay of Rs2,800.According to sources, Nayak's transfer orders had been issued two months ago but orders have not been implemented. When contacted, P D Patil, Central Railway public relations officer (PRO), justified departmental action against Nayak saying he has already suffered a huge financial loss.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17802237", "title": "German in Chennai for Christmas drowns in sea", "text": "CHENNAI: A 38-year-old German software engineer drowned in the sea near Pazhaverkadu, 55km from Chennai, on Thursday evening.The German national, M Neontt Ardivich, went to the beach with his friends and was engulfed by a huge wave while he was playing in the water.Ardivich came down to Chennai with his friends Rollant Setlousky, 37 and girlfriend Christiana, 36, all German nationals, on December 19, to celebrate Christmas. Setlousky's mother, Jernet Saplow, 67, lives in a bungalow near the beach in Karungali village near Pazhaverkadu.Ardivich and his friends stayed at Saplow's house and celebrated Christmas. Saplow owns a house near the beach and named it as 'German House'.They planned to leave the country after the celebrating New Year. While Neontt Ardivich was swimming in the sea, his friends sat on the beach sands and were watching him playing. Suddenly a huge wave swallowed him into the sea and he disappeared.Setlousky and Christiana searched for Ardivich and even sought the help of some fishermen. They ventured into the sea in search of him. Later, Rollant Setlousky approached the Kattur police station and lodged a police complaint. However, fishermen alerted the police after Ardivich's body washed ashore at around 8pm. Police sent Ardivich's body to the government hospital in Ponneri for an autopsy. Further investigations are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17800775", "title": "Even-bounced track for Indo-Pak ODI in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: The Chidambaram Stadium wicket for the ODI between India and Pakistan on Sunday promises to be even-tempered and will offer consistent bounce, according to the groundstaff at Chepauk.The centre wicket had last been used for India's T20 International against New Zealand in September which marked the return of Yuvraj Singh after the southpaw successfully battled cancer. The adjoining pitches used for domestic matches over the last three months, though, had come under criticism for being low and slow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17800895", "title": "Gas based power plant near Pune stayed, Vidarbha leaders asleep", "text": "NAGPUR: Politicians of Vidarbha are protesting in a token manner even as large number of coal-fired power plants are coming up in the region posing a grave threat to environment and farming in the region. On the other hand, farmers of Pune, with the support of local politicians, have been able to get a gas-based power plant virtually scrapped. In contrast, nearly 132 coal-fired power plants are proposed to come up in Vidarbha.A gas power plant requires far less water than a coal-based one and the pollution is significantly lower. Many European countries generating electricity are using gas only due to this reason.Sudhir Paliwal of VEAG said the residents of Navlakh Umbre and Badalwadi villages located near the plant had moved the Bombay High Court stating that apart from various environmental violations, the project would seriously hurt the supply and availability of surface water for villagers. The public interest litigation (PIL) filed by them claimed that the permissions were granted on the basis of reports whose authenticity and research were questionable.A single judge bench of Bombay HC scrapped all approvals necessary for the launch of the project and sent it back to get permissions from scratch. The judge tersely observed that the decision of State Environment Impact Assessment Authority (SEIAA) did not reflect application of mind.Paliwal said the local politicians had extended all possible help to the farmers. \"Unfortunately, many times it does not happen here. Many times the politicians do not have full knowledge of the issue or do not take it seriously. That is why power companies choose Vidarbha as their destination\".Other than the 132 plants, there are eight plants where work is already in progress and another three which are at the commissioning stage. If the proposals are accepted, together the proposed plants would produce 86,407MW and turn the region into an environmental graveyard.Ironically, Vidarbha has always been power surplus region and by 2014 Maharashtra too is expected to become a power surplus state. The new power plants won't cater to the state but only other parts of the country.In 2010-11, the number of proposed power plants was 85. However, the list has touched 132 now. Several are in the process of acquiring land, permission for water and coal blocks, and have applied for letter of assurance (LoA).So far the leaders of Vidarbha have opposed these power plants in a cosmetic manner. Many power plants have obtained various clearances by falsification of facts. It is only a few environmentalists and a section of media which have been raising these issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17801680", "title": "Yearend party wins landslide", "text": "AHMEDABAD: They are known for their entrepreneurial zeal, interest in stock market and money saving skills. But hidden inside all Amdavadis is the spirit to celebrate - to party hard. As the dawn of a new year approaches, the city is gearing up yet again, to shed its inhibitions and ready itself for the biggest gigs in town. From belly dancers to fire breathers, candle-light dinners to Halloween parties, lake side to pool side and golf courses to five-star resorts, the city will host bashes to suit all tastes and ages.Adding to the party spirit is the fact that the city faced a long spell of strict policing during the election period, when streets and shops were closed much before midnight. \"The only music we heard over the last two months were anthems and advertisements of political parties. New year parties in the city, which have scaled every passing year, will ring in a welcome change,\" said city-based DJ Kash Trivedi.Apart from the run-of-the-mill parties, this year, Ahmedabad will witness parties on themes of movies like 'Gangs of Wasseypur', casinos, famous discotheques and dress-codes. However, like every year, for private and underground parties, one will need to be in the right circuit to get invited. \"If there is one place that knows how to party hard even sans liquor, pub, discotheques and an active music scene, it is Ahmedabad. This year, am spoilt for choice as I can't decide whether I should go for a farmhouse party or one at a famous hotel,\" said Shraddha Sethi, student of a city-based designing institute.However, rising inflation will burn a hole in the pockets of party goers as the cost of couple passes in many dine and dance parties will cost around Rs 15,000. But the best of gatherings will happen on the streets where thousands of revelers will move around on popular streets like CG Road and SG Road. City-based businessman Shalin Majehtia, who plans to hobnob between parties this year, said, \"Party scene in Ahmedabad has two sides, one at hotels and restaurants hosting theme dance parties and other at farmhouses which people organize for close friends and relatives. This year, the number of parties on both sides has doubled.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17801335", "title": "Girl lied about gang rape as she had not studied for school exam", "text": "MUMBAI: The 17-year-old deaf and mute girl from Trombay who alleged to have been gangraped has reportedly told the police that she lied to her parents as she had not completed her studies and had spent three hours with her boyfriend instead. Her father had asked her to prepare for the school exams, which start on December 29, said the Trombay police.On Friday, the police recorded the girl's statement again. \"We did so because we wanted to get a clear picture. She is under the supervision of doctors at Rajawadi Hospital in Ghatkopar and nobody is putting any pressure on her. She maintains that she lied about the gangrape because she had not completed her exam preparations. We are trying to find out if there was another reason that prompted her to allege gangrape,\" said additional commissioner of police (east) Quaiser Khalid. \"Investigators have detained a youth to find out more about the case. A source said the girl's boyfriend has told the police that he last got intimate with her in October.The girl's father appreciated the Trombay police, saying they have been \"very helpful and understanding\". \"We fear she was assaulted a few months ago, but couldn't confide in us then. So, when we chided her for returning home late on Thursday, she told us about the assault,\" the girl's father, who works at the Tata Institute of Fundamental Research, told TOI. He said that girls, including his daughter, have been harassed in Sainath Nagar, where they reside. \"We will pursue these complaints and ensure that the culprits are punished. After all, smaller crimes lead to bigger ones,\" he said, adding that the girl may go home on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17803216", "title": "Cop assaults bus conductor, union jams road", "text": "LUCKNOW: Commuters were forced to face hardships on Friday morning, as members of the bus union parked buses around Mahanagar, thereby blocking a major portion of the road during peak morning hours. The union members gathered in large numbers opposite Mahanagar police station after hearing the news of assault on their colleague by a cop, who allegedly threatened a bus conductor by brandishing a revolver.In the said incident Chandrabushan Dubey the conductor of a city bus asked for the ticket amount from Surendra Pal Singh, a constable deputed at UP Police's Intelligence and Security wing. Singh refused to pay up saying that he is a staff member. On being asked to produce his identity card Singh threatened Dubey, allegedly, with dire consequences. He later on brandished his service revolver at the conductor and said he would be taught a lesson at the nearest police station for misbehaving with a cop. He allegedly assaulted the conductor.\"Singh, who was in plainclothes, had boarded the bus near Rahimnagar crossing around 8.00 am to reach his office at Gokhale Marg and picked up the fight over bus fare of Rs 10,\" said Veer Singh, in-charge of Mahanagar police station. Singh on his part maintained that Dubey had abused him instead of asking for money and also tried to snatch his revolver.Both Singh and Dubey gave their complaints to the police about the incident and cases were registered under sections 504 and 506 of the IPC against the two according to their versions.Earlier in the incident, the driver stopped the bus at the Rahimnagar crossing when his colleague was being manhandled. Singh tried to flee but was overpowered by Dubey and few more men and taken to Mahanagar police station who had arrived at the spot on being informed about the incident. The police tried to play down the incident, reportedly, and other members of the union were also informed. Within 40 minutes several buses were stationed haphazardly around Mahanagar crossing and commuters had a hard time negotiating the jam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17802158", "title": "Tight security, traffic diversions in place for India-Pakistan one-day cricket match", "text": "CHENNAI: A five-tier security ring will be thrown around MA Chidambaram stadium ahead of the much-anticipated India-Pakistan one-day cricket international on Sunday and fans will not be allowed to bring anything into the stadium except mobile phones, police said on Friday. Some traffic arrangements had also been made in connection with the match, police added.At a press meeting, joint commissioner of police (north) K Sankar and joint commissioner (traffic) R Dinakaran said there were no security threats for the match. \"We have decided to allow cell phones inside the stadium following requests,\" they said. Cameras, fire crackers, cigarettes, match boxes, food packets, water bottles, liquor and banners will not be allowed, they said. Officials instructed fans to use the cafeteria facility in the stadium. \"No ticket counter will be opened on Sunday. Entry will be permitted only after 6am.\" Officials said Bells Road would be made one-way from 7am to 11am, with no entry from Walajah Road and entry from Bharathi Salai. From 4pm to 6pm, the road would be made one-way with entry from Walajah Road and no entry from Bharathi Salai. Canal Road will also be one-way during these times with entry from Bharathi Salai.Police urged vehicle owners with passes to use the specific parking lots allotted. Those without passes should park their vehicle on service roads along Marina beach.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17800691", "title": "Four more Central Railway employees shifted in TVI Express scam", "text": "NAGPUR: In a face-saving exercise, three movement inspectors (MIs) and a lobby in-charge were shifted on Thursday evening for their involvement in the TVI (Travel Ventures International) Express scam which involved collecting Rs 15,500 by promising air travel around the world and handsome commission.With this the number of MIs who have been transferred has gone up to 5. There were complaints against the lobby in-charge. On November 1, two MIs - P D Raut and Komal Gajbhiye - both kingpins, were shifted to Chiconda and Hinganghat stations respectively.On Thursday, DK Soni, SS Karnale and SK Jaiswal, all MIs, and CP Varshney, the lobby in-charge were shifted. Central Railway PRO P D Patil did not go into the details and termed the transfers as routine. Interestingly, it took over 15-20 years to shift these tainted employees who were occupying sensitive posts.The transfers seem to be cosmetic as all those shifted have been posted in Nagpur only. \"It will defeat the basic purpose of employees getting justice. These people being in Nagpur will continue to scare their victims,\" employees said.Soni, who is said to be close to the bosses and made maximum TVI members, was shifted as deputy station superintendent (DySS) at Nagpur. Varshney has also been posted as DySS. Jaiswal and Karnale were posted as cabin ASMs at Ajni. Karnale is mostly involved in diverting pointsmen for household work in Sr DOM's quarter.Orders to replace two MIs - Raut and Gajbhiye - were also issued. Sanjay Gupta will replace Raut and P M Gandhi will replace Gajbhiye. Similarly, Abhijeet Samat will succeed Jaiswal.On October 27, TOI had exposed how operating department officials controlled the TVI membership scam in the entire city. At least 500 railway employees were made members by doling out fake promises of air travel and doubling of invested sum. Railway officials misused their official position to make members even after the networking firm had closed down its operations.Meanwhile, the transfers have caused resentment among the operating department employees who had registered in advance for getting posted in Nagpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17801540", "title": "Cold weekend awaits Ahmedabad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Brace yourself up for a cold weekend. Weather officials said that they have issued a 48-hour warning of a cold wave in isolated places of the state. Ahmedabad was one of the coldest places in the state with the minimum temperature of 9 degrees recorded on Friday. The temperature was three degrees below normal and is likely to fall further by a degree or two on Saturday.Senior meteorologist of the Indian Meteorology Department (IMD), Gujarat, Manorama Mohanty said that a western disturbance had passed over Gujarat under the influence of which the state was expected to experience cold wave conditions for the next two to three days.\"Cold wave conditions will prevail in isolated places in the state on Friday, Saturday and Sunday and temperature may fall four to five degrees below normal,\" said Mohanty. \"Temperature will gradually begin returning to normal from Monday onwards.\"Meanwhile, officials said that Naliya in Kutch was the coldest place with 8 degrees while Ahmedabad was the second coldest. \"The normal temperature in the city during this time of the season is 12 degrees,\" said Mohanty. \"If temperature dips four degrees below normal, it is termed as cold wave condition.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17803739", "title": "Harihara Varma murder: Cops claim vital clues", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The probe into the Harihara Varma murder case has made huge progress, with investigating officers claiming to have evidence that could help them nail the suspects. The police have found that the suspects had purchased mobile phones and SIM cards from a shop in Ernakulam and they have secured CCTV footage from the shop. Police sources said the latest development could provide a breakthrough in the case.In another major development, the police on Friday recorded the statements of Varma's wife Vimaladevi. She has, according to sources, told the police that she had received a call from Tamil Nadu a month ago, wherein the caller had threatened to jeopardise Varma owing to some failed business deal. She has also reportedly handed over the phone number to investigators. She reportedly told the police that she knew that Varma had 2,000 acres in Kambam and Theni but she did not know about the precious stone business of her husband.The police who checked the mobile phone details of the deceased have found that Varma was in contact with some gold and precious stone traders in Karnataka. A probe based on the call records has also returned with findings that Varma allegedly owned some gold mines in the Kolar Gold Fields in Karnataka.A squad who visited Mamam near Attingal, where Vimaladevi had a house, has found that Varma often used to meet strangers in the uninhabited house. The residents told police that most of whom who came to meet Varma spoke Tamil.Another police team met the woman with whom Varma allegedly had a relationship in Palakkad and recorded her statements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17802610", "title": "No entry for stags at parties", "text": "MYSORE: After Delhi's rape incident, New Year party organizers in Mysore are concerned about the safety of woman revellers. They are leaving no stone unturned to ensure the safety of women this season.Hotels and pubs in Mysore are ensuring the safety of party-goers late in the night on the eve of New Year. Managements are considering saying no to 'stags' (men without a partners).Moureen Taylor, representative of a hotel, said: \"We will have extra security on the eve of New Year. This time, we are not allowing stags. We are also making arrangements to drop the guests back home, if they demand so.\"Like every year, engineering student Namitha Alva is hitting a party with her friends. She said: \"It's difficult to party alone anywhere in India, be it Mysore or in any other city. You will feel safe when you party with friends.\"Sumana Roy, a spokesperson of another private hotel which has organized a DJ night, said: \"We have never entertained stags. Security will be present at the party, so that no untoward incident takes place.\"Young girls in the city are planning to attend parties with groups of friends, while the event organizers have put security on top of their priorities.Boys, the caretakersRecently, India reported several physical-abuse cases, but girls in Mysore feel safe to attend late-night parties with a group of trust-worthy friends.Party-goer Mrudula Bairappa said Mysore is a small and safe city. According to Mrudula and her friends, it would be unsafe for any girl to go on a blind date. \"But it is safe to go out with friends, including boys, who take care of us,\" they say.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "17803287", "title": "Giridih girl claims 4 youths raped her", "text": "DHANBAD: A student of Class XI was allegedly gang-raped in Giridih. The incident came to light after the girl from Mokamah village brought her complaint to the deputy commissioner of Giridih on Friday.The girl alleged in her complaint that four youths, who live in the same village, kidnapped her on the night of December 21 and raped her in a field near her house.The girl then tried to lodge a complaint with the Sariya police station but the police refused to take it. She then decided to meet the DC on Friday.While an official complaint will be lodged only on Saturday, DC D Prabha Lakra has asked civil surgeon Dr Chandraprakash Vibhakar at Sadar hospital to run necessary medical tests on the girl.A team of three doctors have been formed for medical examination.\"Investigation has started and action will be taken after the medical reports,\" said police inspector of Giridih Sadar station Shankar Dayal Pandey.The girl was accompanied by her mother who told the DC her husband was in jail following a dispute with his cousins.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "jehanabad", "code": "17802434", "title": "CM to inaugurate Arwal bridge on December 30", "text": "JEHANABAD: The long-cherished dream of people of Bhojpur and Magadh regions will come true on December 30 when chief minister Nitish Kumar inaugurates the 2.4km-long bridge over the Sone at Arwal. The CM had also laid its foundation stone on December 7, 2008.Built at a cost of Rs188.78 crore, this is the first bridge built by the Bihar Rajya Pul Nirman Nigam on turnkey basis. The two-lane, 12-metre wide bridge has 1.5km of approach road, 1km of which is on the Arwal side and half kilometre on Sahar side. It has altogether 34 spans of 60 metres each and connects NH-98 (Patna-Aurangabad-Nabinagar) and NH-110 (Arwal- Biharsharif) on the Arwal side.Arwal DM R C Prasad and SP Vimal Kumar are busy overseeing the arrangements for the CM's visit. Finishing touches are being given to the approach road on the Arwal side.The mood of the people on both sides of the river Sone is upbeat as they had been demanding for a bridge between Arwal and Sahar for a long time. Jabbar Ali, a middle schoolteacher of Diniya village under Sahar police station in Bhojpur said, \"Apart from making possible the meeting of two cultures - Bhojpuri and Magahi - the new Sone bridge will give a new fillip to important sectors of rural economy, such as agriculture, horticulture, dairy and agroforestry, in the Bhojpur and Magadh regions in the days to come.\"The residents of Arwal, in particular, are hopeful of a turnaround in the economy of this fledgling district town. A social activist, Bhagwan Das Sharma, said, \"With the opening of the bridge, the economy of Arwal district is sure to get a boost.\"Though majority of the people feel that economy of both the regions will improve, there are some sceptics who think there would not be much improvement unless the connected road network on both sides of the Sone is strengthened.D N Chaudhary of Belaur village in Bhojpur district said, \"Roads are vital for rapid economic growth of a region. No doubt, the bridge on Sone is a welcome step but the state government must focus on strengthening and upgrading the road network on both sides of the Sone.\" According to Chaudhary, the roads on Sahar side are in real bad shape. The Sahar-Ara road is comparatively good but the Sahar- Nasriganj-Dehri-on-Sone, Sahar-Sandesh-Sakaddi and Sahar-Piro roads are in bad shape.Similarly, the NH-110, which links Arwal with Biharsharif via Jehanabad, is in a dilapidated condition. In its present shape, it is not at all in a position to cope with the sudden rush of traffic after the opening of the new bridge over the Sone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17802388", "title": "Chargesheet filed in Nazir Ahmed murder case", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Police have filed chargesheet in the case related to the murder of Nazir Ahmed , the secretary of Malabar Chamber of Commerce who was found dead on the roadside at Pachakkal near here on September 26. There are a total of nine accused in the case.According to police, V P Hisham, the first accused in the case, had enmity towards Nazir after he developed proximity with a woman, who is Hisham's relative. Nazir was the member of the governing body of the school in which the woman was a teacher.Hisham sought the help of four persons from Mambad in Malappuram, his native place. The gang went to Chevayur after they came to know that Nazir had gone to the flat to see the woman. Nazir was waylaid and was forced into the vehicle when was returning from the house in the night.Nazir was taken to the used car shop at Eranhipalam where he was brutally tortured. He died at the shop and the body was taken in a vehicle and was thrown on the roadside.While seven persons have been charged for murder and conspiracy, one person is accused of destroying evidence. Another person is charged for hiding the information from police that Nazir will be killed though he had prior knowledge about the murder plan.There are 139 witnesses in the case, including the woman from Chevayur, Nazir's wife and the office-bearers of the Malabar Chamber of Commerce.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17807472", "title": "Trisha's getaway for New Year!", "text": "As the year comes to an end, just as most of them travel away from home to celebrate the New Year, Trisha has gone out on a quick getaway. Her upcoming film 'Samar' in which she stars with Vishal, was supposed to release for Pongal and now has been postponed due to a controversy.She informed it through her micro-blogging site. She expressed her gratitude towards everyone for being a part of her life and also wished for New Year. Trisha krishnan tweeted \"Off for a quick getaway. C u all in 2013.Advance New Year wishes 2 each n evry one of ul.Thank u fr bein part of my life. Cheers.\"This year marked the completion of a decade since she made her debut with Mounam Pesiyadhe in 2002, on the other hand her father Krishnan passed away following a cardiac arrest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17801191", "title": "Licence blues dampen Mumbai\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s late-night dos", "text": "MUMBAI: New Year's Eve parties don't seem to be evoking much enthusiasm among the city's hospitality establishments this time compared to previous years. Applications from bars, pubs, clubs and restaurants this year to extend their closing time from the usual 1.30am to a special timing of 5am is only around 30% of total applications made last year.\"Against nearly 7,500 applications last year, this year the number is only about 2,500. The refusal of permission for extending closing timings on December 24 and 25 and several conditions such as NOCs for private parties in banquets and video-shooting have already discouraged patrons and hoteliers,\" said AHAR general secretary Shashikant Shetty.\"For any event, 30-40% of the money goes into taxes, that too after taking so much pain in getting different licences and permissions for the event. If any individual, hospitality establishment or organisation has to hold an event it becomes highly unviable due to double taxation on food and drink services. High cost of events and such restrictions then result in people not turning up thus putting pressure on the tourism and hotel industry which is struggling to come out of financial slowdown,\" said Pradeep Shetty of HRAWI's legal cell. He said the applications could be even 1,500, much lesser than around 2,500 as claimed by Ahar.Dinesh Advani, HRAWI president said, \"So many NOCs and permissions are a sign of the licence raj. We have been requesting that a tourism -friendly state should allow the industry to freely organize attractive events. In the present scenario, hotels are not able to even allow private parties.\"Aroonkumar Menon, an entrepreneur said, \"I can't believe that as a citizen of the largest democracy in the world, I have to get an NOC from the collector to hold a private gathering of friends and family to celebrate the occasion. It is not a commercial exercise for pecuniary gain that has to be taxed and monitored. It is just a joyous occasion being celebrated amongst our own. We are infringing no laws and breaking no rules. It is unbelievable that the collector's office and the law have granted themselves the right to enter such gatherings and video record the proceedings under the guise of security concerns, proof for judiciary etc while trampling completely upon our privacy. Which age are we living in?\"Another entrepreneur, Jayesh Shivdasani, said, \"Does this mean I have to run to the police for an NOC every time I have a gathering at home? Also, filming it is encroaching on my right to privacy. Mumbai police should have a rethink instead of becoming professional videographers!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17800728", "title": "Wagh Utsav to commence on February 16", "text": "NAGPUR: Wagh Utsav, festival for tiger conservation, tourism and uplift of forest local communities, is set to kick-start on February 16 next year. Unlike last year, the 2013 edition will be an eight-day affair. The inauguration and concluding ceremony will be held in Nagpur while other programmes will be held in the forests of central India.The main attraction of the utsav will be the first of a kind Tiger Country Adventure Rally for both, two and four-wheelers across the central Indian terrain and also the programmes at Pench, Kanha and Tadoba with the help of local resorts.\"This time, Wagh Utsav is being jointly organized by Vidarbha Economic Development (VED) Council, Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC), Madhya Pradesh State Tourism Development Corporation (MPSTDC) and South Central Zone Cultural Centre (SCZCC). After the utsav last time, we saw an increase of 200% in the tourism flow,\" said Devendra Parekh, president of VED.He said for the inauguration ceremony they are expecting Union minster for tourism Chiranjeevi as the chief guest along with guardian minster Shivajirao Moghe. \"And for the concluding ceremony we have roped in actor Vivek Oberoi,\" Parekh said.Speaking about the rally, Mehernosh Mavalwala, president, Vidarbha Automotive Racing Association (VARA) said, \"We have divided the event into two parts. One is adventure rally which is a competition and the other is adventure safari. Forms can be downloaded from the official website of VARA, .\"The rally will pass through a 2,000km route in various forests of central India and will start from Kasturchand Park on February 17. It will be a seven days, six nights event. The first destination will be Pachmarhi, followed by Bandhavgarh, Kanha, Pench, Melghat and Tadoba through Bor.At Pench, Kanha and Tadoba, tribal dances and exhibition of their handicrafts have been organized to promote cultural and economic well-being of the local communities. \"We are also organizing workshops and seminars for the locals at these tiger reserves. \"With the rally and these programmes we hope to bring the forests of central India on the tourism map of people,\" said Parekh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17802586", "title": "Wakf Board plans to sue real estate firm for property damage", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a rare case, the AP State Wakf Board (SWB) is going on the offensive to protect its properties from encroachment. Sources in the board revealed that they are going to claim damages for property destruction from a real estate firm which allegedly encroached upon some wakf properties in Lakdi-ka-pul.GHMC accorded sanction to construction of a G+4 commercial structure with cellars near Mumtaz Mansion in Lakdi-ka-pul. Sanction was granted to an extent of 2125 square meters in May this year. The builder had subsequently taken up foundation works at the site.After it came to light that some graves were damaged during foundation laying some denizens made representations to the chief minister and the board.The SWB carried out inspections and determined that 621 square meters of wakf property which include some area belonging to a mosque and a graveyard, was encroached upon by the builder. The board informed the matter to the GHMC in September this year. GHMC officials inspected the site and later sought an explanation from the builder in November. When the corporation did not get a representation from him it cancelled the permit accorded earlier.While cancelling the order, the commissioner of GHMC accused the builder of fraudulently obtaining permissions. The order stated that the builder at one point in the proposed plan submitted to the corporation, shownthe memorial site for the graves along with approach plan. But at another place the grave sites were not shown.Sources in the board said that while many properties of the board are under encroachment, it was shocking to learn that a property was being encroached in the heart of the city. They said that usually the ownership of wakf comes to light only after completion of construction by the encroacher but this is a case where they have been able to move in before construction could be completed. This they said made it easier to salvage the property.The SWB has been named in a petition filed in the court against the GHMC orders by the builder. Well placed sources in the board added that they will present their case and press for damages in their deposition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17803330", "title": "Clear sky may say goodbye to 2012: Meteorological department", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Chilly winds will continue to sweep the city on Saturday and with weather clearing up, New Year's Eve is likely to be foggy, though the last day of the year will have clear skies. Fluctuations in maximum temperature continue with a mix of cloudy and sunny weather.Friday was windy, making it very difficult for two-wheeler drivers to commute. The Meteorological department predicted a windy Saturday as well. Maximum temperature rose by five degrees to 19 degrees celsius on Friday from 14 degrees celsius on Thursday. Minimum temperature dipped by two degrees to 7 degrees celsius on Friday from 9.4 degrees celsius on Thursday.However, the wind nullified the effect of rise in temperature. Sector 22 resident Sushant Sharma said, \"If there was a rise in maximum temperature, we did not notice it with such a strong wind blowing.\" The wind also made driving difficult. \"I could not see properly with dust entering my eyes. It was dangerous,\" Rajesh Ghai of Sector 15 said.MET department director Surinder Paul said while strong winds will continue to blow on Saturday, December 30 and 31 will not be overcast. However, he said there were chances of fog. Meanwhile, many trains were delayed due to fog.The Shatabdi Express was late by one hour and 15 minutes whereas Unchahar from Allahabad was delayed by 14 hours and 19 minutes. Himalyan Queen came in 45 minutes late and the Jan Shatabdi was delayed by 31 minutes. The Lucknow Chandigarh Express was delayed by 4 hours and 20 minutes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17799847", "title": "Body &amp; soul", "text": "For the soul there is neither birth nor death at any time. The soul has not come into being, does not come into being, and will not come into being. The soul is unborn, eternal, ever-existing and primeval. It is not slain when the body is slain.Bhagwad Gita 2.20 *Know the Self to be sitting in the chariot, body as chariot, intellect as charioteer, and the mind as reins. The senses are horses; objects of the senses, their roads. When the highest Self is in union with the body, senses and mind, then wise people call him the Enjoyer.Katha Upanishad *Your soul isn't in your body; your body is in your soul.Alan Watts *", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17803610", "title": "Court orders power firm to pay local body tax", "text": "AURANGABAD: The Aurangabad Bench of Bombay High Court has recently ordered the power franchise GTL Limited to pay Rs 1.25 crore to Aurangabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) against the outstanding payment of local body tax (LBT) payable to the civic body. The court has ordered the power franchise to pay the amount within four week from the day of issued order.The franchise had not paid the outstanding due of local body tax for the past nine months. GTL Limited (GTL) was appointed by MSEDCL as a distribution franchise in the city for 15 years.The corporation has levied LBT on the power sold by the franchise to the customers. There are specific guidelines under which the power distributor has to pay LBT.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17800917", "title": "Low cotton rates worsen farmers' plight", "text": "NAGPUR: It's turning out to be the worst year for cotton growers all over the country as almost 14% of the total crop reaching market yards has been sold at a minimum support price (MSP) to Cotton Corporation of India (CCI). As against the arrival of 74 lakh bales in markets throughout the country so far, 11 lakh bales have been purchased by at MSP. Last year, there was no MSP purchase by CCI.MSP is the last resort and 14% is a fairly high percentage, say observes. The current market rates range between Rs4,000 and Rs4,200 a quintal and the MSP is fixed at Rs3,900. It is meant to ensure the least possible rate to the grower so as to prevent a loss. Although there have been demands to increase it to Rs5,000 to Rs6,000, it has gone up by Rs500 as against the last year.Realizing that the rates may crash further, CCI has set up a special MSP cell to monitor the market support operations in the country. In Vidarbha, where cotton is linked with the agrarian crisis, CCI has made purchases mainly in Wani.Even as CCI is the nodal agency which intervenes in the market when rates crash, certain state government bodies like Maharashtra Cotton Marketing Federation also buy at MSP. So the total number of MSP purchases, including the state agencies, can be higher.In the state, CCI has so far purchased around 1 lakh quintals cotton while the state federation 4,000 quintals, said a source. This comes to 20,000 and 800 bales respectively.Currently, most of the CCI purchases have taken place in Andhra Pradesh which covers the neighbouring districts of Maharashtra too. The CCI has 55 centres in Maharashtra which will get operational as soon as the rates tend to crash below the MSP. So far, the situation remains under control, said an officer involved in the process.The rates are low due to abysmal international demand. In the US, cotton output is more than the demand as well as the production capacity of the textile industry. China, which is one of the major buyers, has not gone for bulk imports as yet. The Chinese textile units, facing shrunk margins, are buying on day to day basis.Farm activists are however demanding a higher MSP. Kishore Tiwari of Vidarbha Jan Andolan Samiti said MSP has to be enough to cover the cultivation cost, leaving 50% margin of profit. The current MSP of Rs3,900 is too less to meet the cost which has almost doubled this year. Last year, there was no need for MSP operations as the rates were at a comfortable Rs4,400 to Rs4,500 level, Tiwari said.Vijay Jawandiya, a veteran farm activist, said soybean, with rates around Rs3,000 a quintal this year, has somewhat compensated for the farmers' loss on cotton. However, there are chances that the rates may come down so the government should hike the soybean MSP which is at Rs2,200 a quintal to Rs3,300.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17802409", "title": "Lethal force? There are gentler, Next-Gen ways of crowd control", "text": "For anyone who remembers watching the 2006 blockbuster Rang De Basanti, police using brute force to break up the anti-gang rape protest at India Gate must have had given a feeling of deja vu. The movie had a scene where Delhi Police and Rapid Action Force personnel led a truncheon charge at India Gate against peaceful protesters who had assembled there to demand an inquiry into the MiG 21 crash that killed Flt Lt Ajay Rathod (played by actor R Madhavan). The RAF had objected to the \"false\" portrayal of the riot force back then and had claimed the movie had \"summarily besmirched\" the force's image. But six years later, on December 22 and 23 this year, the force did exactly what the movie had depicted.Two incidents this week reinforced the image of the police being inept at crowd control in India. In the first case, which was reported widely, the Delhi Police used baton-charge, tear-gas and water cannon on people who had gathered at India Gate to protest against Nirbhaya's gang rape.In the second, the police in Imphal opened fire at protesters who were demanding the arrest of an NSCN (IM) commander. A journalist was killed in the firing. Why do the police in India turn brutal to control crowds?Experts say the issue could be about not putting the right people in charge. \"Training has always been a lacuna, but it's also about putting the wrong people on the job. Units trained in hardcore anti-insurgency operations are put in charge of crowd control all of a sudden. These men are trained to use their firearms, not batons. The policeman does what he is trained to do; he may not always know what he is supposed to do under the given circumstances,\" said a senior officer of Assam Police, requesting anonymity.The crisis at India Gate could have been averted by using mounted police, aver police officials from other forces. But additional DCP and PRO of Delhi Police, Rajan Bhagat, clarified, \"We didn't use our mounted unit as that would have put our animals at risk. The crowd was violent and hurling stones and brickbats. Many of our colleagues were injured and one of them died.\" An officer in the elite President's Bodyguard added that the presence of a horse \"may deter a crowd from getting violent; but if a crowd does become violent, the horse could get fidgety and bolt, resulting in a stampede. You don't want that in a civilian situation, do you?\"Cops abroad, though, use their mounted units to break up protests. They have also been taking lessons from history. The 'shield wall' or 'phalanx formation', a battle tactic used by the Persian Sparabara, Greek hoplites and Roman legions in ancient times, has been a favourite among riot police in advanced countries. London police, in particular, experimented with the Anglo-Saxon shield wall, which had troubled the Vikings at the Battle of Stamford Bridge in 1066. In a simulation attack, cops found that even heavily armed protesters couldn't break past this wall.They are also looking for 'less lethal' weapons of riot control. For instance, the British Home Office is focusing on a new chemical called 'discriminating irritant projectile' or Dip, which would be loaded with CS gas, pepper spray or another irritant. Another interesting weapon is referred to as \"skunk oil\" - it involves foul-smelling liquids being fired in the form of pellets. So intense would be the odour that anyone hit by such a pellet would want to go home and change, while anyone standing close to such a person would have to move away.Perhaps it's time police in India followed their example. But there are major hurdles here. \"Many proposals for modernisation got caught in red tape. Our riot gear isn't anything to write home about. That's why so many policemen were hurt in Delhi. We are still using archaic rubber bullets or baton rounds and are yet to use plastic bullets. We are hammered from all ends when the government isn't doing anything to improve our way of functioning,\" said an IPS officer in charge of riot training.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17801703", "title": "Schmidt Memorial a tippler's haunt", "text": "CHENNAI: Visitors walking towards Schmidt Memorial on Elliot's Beach to get a whiff of pre-independence history are greeted by the disrespect the city and its authorities have for heritage structures.Built to commemorate a Dutch sailor's act of saving a girl from drowning, the memorial now doubles as a urinal and a drinking spot. With K A J Schmidt's 82nd death anniversary coming up on Sunday, a few residents have taken up the job of remembering him and reminding the authorities of the only heritage structure on Elliot's Beach. The memorial stone reads, \"To commemorate the gallantry of K A J Schmidt who was drowned near this spot on December 30, 1930 while helping to save the lives of others.\"City-based historian K R A Narasiah has pieced together the story of Schmidt from several sources. \"He was a Dutch sailor who had gone to the beach. He saw an English girl get into the water. She soon started struggling. He saved her, but lost his life,\" said Narasiah.The English girl attended a ball the following evening as though nothing had happened. \"The governor was apparently very angry with her. He built the memorial to mark Schmidt's brave act,\" said Narasiah.As a gesture, similar heroes from the 21{+s}{+t} century will hold candles and place a wreath at the memorial this Sunday. K Gopi and four others from Urur Kuppam got awards from CM J Jayalalithaa for saving sailors from the ship Pratibha Cauvery during Cyclone Nilam in October.\"The memorial is also a reminder that the sea is dangerous and one needs to exercise caution while going in,\" said Gopi. A few Besant Nagar residents are trying to get the government to repair the structure. \"I contacted the corporation, public works department and Archeological survey of India but none of them are taking responsibility for the monument,\" said Kamakshi Subramaniyam, a resident of Besant Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17802096", "title": "'Defence' daaru could be deadly", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The 'For Defence Personnel Only' tag on a bottle of liquor is a sign of reassurance as one expects the booze to be of high quality. However, abusing the trust, some bootlegging cartels are using such seals to peddle spurious liquor at a high price.Welcome to the yearend, Ahmedabad style. While the spike in booze price is not a new phenomenon, this year, it is the harmful mix that partygoers are wary of. As the state police sharpen vigil at borders connecting the state to Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh, the gap between demand and supply has prompted bootleggers to mix-and-match liquids.According to sources, many places around Sardarnagar are brewing country-made liquor with Mahuva flowers and then mixing the brew with an essence to give it the sharp flavour of liquor. The brew differs from the traditional country-made liquor as it is stronger and hits the consumer after a few pegs. Patrolling by the city and state police has not deterred bootleggers.\"The worrisome part is, the brewed liquor is packed in empty bottles of IMFL and then sealed meticulously after which it is difficult to ascertain whether it is real or fake without opening it,\" said a city police official. \"The crafty bootleggers even stamp the bottles with 'For Defense Personnel Only' label. Such bottles are peddled in the market for anything between Rs 600 to Rs 1,500 against the cost of Rs 150. The bootleggers even order the bottles when the demand is high.\"The only instance when the modus operandi of mix-n-match of the liquor came to light was earlier this month when a team of Zone II had raided a godown in Madhavpura.\"A team of striking force of Zone II deputy commissioner of police seized 200 bottles of various brands from Galaji ni Chali. Manzar Khan Pathan, a delivery boy, was arrested from the spot with 40 bottles of various brands,\" said a Zone II official. \"He later led the team to a flour mill that worked as a liquor den. In our investigation, we found that the bootleggers would mix two brands of liquor and procure bottles for Rs 100 to Rs 300. They would sell the products for anything above Rs 1,500.\"Mohit Shah, who works with a private company in Ahmedabad said that three out of the four times over the past month he has been supplied spurious liquor. \"Earlier one would know from the cap that the bottle has been tampered with,\" he said. \"However, now suppliers neatly pack bottles after mixing and one knows about the spurious drink only after the party begins.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17805815", "title": "Silent protests over death of Delhi gang-rape victim", "text": "NEW DELHI: Scores of people on Saturday mourned in silence the death of the 23-year-old gang-rape victim and demanded stringent punishment for the culprits.People started gathering at Jantar Mantar here at around 10am and sat in silence.Aam Aadmi Party leaders Arvind Kejriwal, Manish Sisodia and Kumar Vishwas also joined the protest along with some of their supporters with their mouth tied with black cloth.Aam Aadmi Party national convenor Arvind Kejriwal tweeted, \"her death is a matter of shame and sorrow for all of us. Let's resolve that we will not let her death go in vain.\"Aren't we all responsible for her death? Can we all now do something so that half of humanity starts feeling safe amongst us?\" he said.The mourners protested against the security lock down of India Gate and Raisina Hill where violent demonstrations were witnessed last weekend over the rape.\"The government is not even allowing mourning of the death. This is insensitivity. There is complete lock down. You have the metro stations shut. You have a road completely blocked. This is undemocratic,\" a protester Sunil said.Sisodia said the government was muzzling the voice of people by shutting Metro and closing down India Gate.In a statement, AAP said the girl, who became the symbol of women's insecurity and their courage, is no more.\"This is a moment of national grief. This is also a moment of national shame. We, as a nation, have failed to provide conditions in which women can lead a normal life without being subjected to indignities. We, as a society, have failed to evolve a culture of respect and equality for women.\"This event and the subsequent developments have no doubt generated widespread outrage and justified anger. But today we must convert this into a positive resolve. Let us all resolve that we shall convert this moment into a movement to end all forms of violence against women. Let No Violence Against Women be our national new year's resolution,\" it said.In tweets, activist Kiran Bedi said, \"today is a day of reflection and personal audit on the way we as parents and teachers are grooming boys in this country.\"Today is day of mourning on lives we have lost because of failure of our criminal justice system and resolve to not fail it in future. Today is a day to also reflect the way we project our women in media,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17801904", "title": "Park Street case no rape, but \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcdeal\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 gone sour: MP Kakoli Ghosh Dastidar", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17801368", "title": "Nirbhaya was shifted on medical advice: Khurshid", "text": "NEW DELHI: Denying that the decision to fly Nirbhaya to Singapore was a political move, foreign minister Salman Khurshid on Friday said the government had considered sending her to Germany, US and UK before they zeroed in on the Singapore hospital she is undergoing treatment in. Khurshid also said the air ambulance which took her to Singapore was fully equipped to handle any high-altitude emergency.\"We considered taking her to hospitals in Germany, US and London before the decision to fly her to Singapore. It was purely on medical advice,\" Khurshid said.\"The doctors must have looked at travel time to these destinations before finalizing the hospital in Singapore. I can say that there was no political interference,\" he added.Home minister Sushilkumar Shinde too said doctors wanted her to be flown to Singapore. \"The doctors treating the girl at Safdarjung Hospital, along with Dr Naresh Trehan of Medanta, were consulted,\" he said.Khurshid said a majority of doctors consulted by the government suggested that she needed to be taken abroad. \"There were some doctors who felt that hospitals here could handle the patient but there were others who said she had to be taken abroad,\" he said.Following the decision to shift her, passport and Singapore visa for the girl and her family members accompanying her in the air ambulance were expedited by the external affairs ministry and the Indian high commission in Singapore arranged for her to be received at the hospital there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17803553", "title": "70 attend poultry training workshop", "text": "LUDHIANA: The department of veterinary and animal husbandry extension education at Guru Angad Dev Veterinary and Animal Sciences University, Ludhiana, organized a two-week poultry training workshop.Dr Harish Kumar Verma said, \"Around 70 participants including two ladies from different parts of the state participated in the training programme. The complete capsule training programme on poultry was provided to the trainees on all aspects starting from selection of land, procurement of feeding, management of poultry birds, schedule of vaccination, handling of eggs, marketing of poultry birds including preparation of project report and loan facilities.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17802344", "title": "Police round up members of quotation gangs", "text": "KOCHI: City police on Friday rounded up a few history-sheeters, known to be members of quotation gangs, in connection with the murder of real estate businessman Imtiaz Khan (36) whose body was found dumped inside his car in the city.Police officials said that they took into custody a group of suspects who have been earlier charged in cases of extortion, kidnapping and attempt to murder. \"We are yet to get any leads in the case. We are collecting certain details from persons in custody,\"olice said.Officials added that they were also cross-checking certain rumours that a few persons wearing masks of Santa Claus were found standing on the road leading to the house of Imtiaz Khan on Wednesday night. \"We also found a similar mask from the car,\" officials added. As per the post-mortem, the death of the victim occurred due to bleeding. He was also strangled using a cloth. Police said that they were also trying to get details of the real estate and business deals of Imtiaz.On Thursday morning, the body of Imtiaz, residing in House No-5, Divine Home Colony, Chittoor was found inside his car parked on the main avenue of the colony. City police claimed it was a planned murder carried out by a quotation team. Imtiaz was said to be an associate of the notorious goon Bhai Nazeer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17800822", "title": "Civic administration, municipal commissioner again at loggerheads", "text": "NAGPUR: The civic administration and BJP-ruled body are once again at loggerheads after municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane sent the Bhandewadi sewage treatment plant (STP) project proposal to the state government for its nod under public-private partnership.Standing committee chairman Dayashankar Tiwari alleged that the commissioner had approached the government without any reason when it is being set up on built-operate-and-transfer basis by NMC. All the formalities, including tender, have been finalized for setting of STP that will treat 210 MLD sewage water.Tiwari pointed out that when mayor Anil Sole had advised the municipal commissioner to make some changes in the tender conditions so as that the civic body can get revenue by generating power from methane gas while treating sewage water, the latter rejected the proposal reasoning that NMC had already submitted all the documents of STP to the high court which was hearing a petition pertaining to releasing untreated sewage water in Goshikhurd.\"As per commissioner, the change in terms and conditions of tender will further delay the project,\" said Tiwari. How the civic administration can send the proposal to the government for PPP when it is already being sanctioned under BOT basis. In fact, the commissioner tried to mislead the civic body by giving reference of an old government resolution and the move seems to a deliberate attempt to delay the project.Meanwhile, the standing committee meeting on Friday gave its nod to civic administration's five proposals which include tabling of 2011-2012 annual accounts report for its nod and road widening of three major roads worth Rs2.27 crore.The panel also gave its nod to the health department's proposal to deploy 72 civic cops after suggesting some changes in the mode of payment to them.KEY PROPOSALSRs 89.69 lakh for widening of road from Patel Chowk to Mahavir Kirana Stores in Ward number 50Rs 77.75 lakh for widening of road in Timber Market area in Ward number 50Rs 26.99 lkah for widening of road from Rameshwari Chowk to Bhagwan Nagar in Ward number 66", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17802667", "title": "Heritage lectures at Allahabad Museum", "text": "ALLAHABAD: In the run up to the New Year, the Allahabad Museum is organising select lectures by its curatorial officers on the themes of heritage, archaeology and collection management.City-based architect Pragya Mehrotra has been invited to deliver a lecture on the \"Architectural heritage of Sangam city\". On Friday, Sunil Gupta, assistant keeper, delivered a lecture on \"Polmyrena conference and possibility of an Indian institute of classical studies and archaeology in Greece\".Gupta was on a visit to Athens in December in which he discussed the possibility of Greece and Indian scholars working together in the future to revive the ancient connections between the two great civilizations. Gupta also showed exclusive pictures of the Parthenon or the Temple Zeus built by the Roman emperor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17803609", "title": "Development charges to go up from January 1", "text": "AURANGABAD: The Aurangabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) has announced new rates for development charges and betterment charges with effect from January 1, 2013. The hike in the development charge is due to the change in rates of ready reckoner which will come into effect from New Year.\"The government will increase rates of ready reckoner from January 1, 2013 and thus it will increase the development charges,\" said deputy mayor Sanjay Joshi on Thursday.The residential clients have to pay 20% of the basic rate of ready reckoner applicable in that area in the form of development charges. For commercial clients, the charge is 40% of the basic rate of ready reckoner.For the betterment charges, both the clients - residential and commercial have to pay 10% of the basic rate of ready reckoner. However, AMC had changed the basis rate of betterment charge from Rs 130 per square meter to Rs 430 per square meter. This will make significant hike in the charges.The general body of the corporation had already approved the hike in the charges.The corporation had calculated the betterment charges based on the expenses it has to bear to provide basic facilities in that area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17801969", "title": "Fliers hit, Met sounds fog alert", "text": "KOLKATA: Even if the mercury rose marginally on Friday, the fog factor forced the Met office to issue a fog warning for the state in next two days, reducing the surface visibility to less than 500 netres.Heavy fog in the region gave Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar a tough time on Friday, when his flight to Patna had to be diverted to Kolkata. He was returning from Delhi after attending the national development council meeting. After waiting in the city airport till 8.40pm, his flight was cancelled. He then reached Howrah station to board the Danapur express, but missed the train. Then a first class AC seat was booked for him on the Shalimar-Patna Duronto Express, which finally departed at 10:05pm.Meanwhile, the Met office said the cold days are far from over. \"Though the day and night temperature is expected to rise further in the next two days, both will be below the normal mark and hence the cold feeling is here to stay,\" said Met office sources.At 10 degrees Celsius on Thursday, the mercury had plunged to a record low in last one decade. It rose to 10.4 degrees on Friday, which was four degrees below normal. According to Met office forecast, it will hover around the 11-degrees mark on Saturday and rise further to around 13 degrees on Sunday. The maximum temperature on Friday at 18.2 degrees Celsius was eight degrees below normal.At the city airport, no flights could take off till 8.30am. A flight from Qatar was diverted to Yagong while another from Bangkok was diverted to Nagpur as the aircrafts could not land due to poor visibility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17802200", "title": "Kharif onion crop fetches about Rs 1,150 per quintal", "text": "NASHIK: The rabi crop of onions harvested in summer has been almost exhausted, but the arrival of kharif (monsoon) crop in Nashik's onion market has almost doubled in a month, due to which the average wholesale prices of onions have settled between Rs 1,000 to Rs 1,150 a quintal in the agriculture produce market committees in Nashik district.In Lasalgaon's APMC, the largest onion market in the country, the quantity of onions auctioned daily, which is around 15,000 quintals a day in average, have reached in the range of 20,000 to 25,000 quintals a day during last one month.The average wholesale prices of onions in Lasalgaon APMC were recorded at Rs 1,175 per quintal on Friday. Around 20,000 quintals of onions were auctioned in Lasalgaon APMC on Friday.\"The arrival of new kharif crop, which begins in October and November, was delayed this year due to the late monsoon. The arrival of rabi (summer) crops, harvested in April and May with a shelf life of around six months, continued in the market. Thereafter, the regular arrival of kharif crops began in the district APMCs from the first week of December. As a result, there was no shortage as it was earlier expected due to delay of monsoon. Generally, daily arrival in Lasalgaon APMC, which is around 15,000 a quintal, has reached around 30,000 quintals a day. The arrival of late kharif is also expected by January-end. Hence, supply will be good in the market in the next two-three months,\" a senior official from Lasalgaon APMC told TOI.Satish Bhonde, additional director, National Horticulture Research and Development Foundation (NHRDF), said, \"There will be no onion shortage as the supply of onions is good in the market and the average wholesale rates have settled between Rs. 1,000 to Rs1,100. Earlier, it had been projected that there would be shortage of crop, but this could not happen as the productivity of onion was good though the acreage were reduced to some extent.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "sydney", "code": "17807303", "title": "ICC mourns demise of Tony Greig", "text": "SYDNEY: The ICC has offered its deep condolences on the demise of former England captain and celebrated commentator Tony Greig , who passed away after losing his battle with lung cancer on Saturday.ICC chief executive David Richardson expressed his sadness on hearing the news and said, \"This is an extremely sad news for cricket and the ICC send their condolences to Tony's family and in particular his wife Vivian.\"\"Tony played a significant part in shaping modern cricket as a player in the 1970s and then provided millions of cricket lovers with a unique insight as a thoughtful and knowledgeable commentator - primarily for the Nine Network in Australia,\" Richardson added.Richardson said that Greig's wise words will be missed by cricketers, administrators and spectators around the world.\"I met with him on several occasions during the recent ICC World Twenty20 in Sri Lanka where he was a senior commentator for our broadcast partner ESS. He was also a regular visitor to the ICC offices in Dubai when commentating for Ten Sports. I am sure that I will not be alone in saying that he and his wise words will be missed by cricketers, administrators and spectators around the world,\" he said.The ICC CEO described Greig as one of the leading all-rounders of his generation.\"His figures in Test matches show that he was one of the leading all-rounders of his generation with a batting average of above 40 and a bowling average around 32.\"The 66-year-old Greig breathed his last at a hospital here after being brought in a critical condition.He was diagnosed with lung cancer in October this year after undergoing treatment for what was initially thought to be bronchitis in May.He underwent tests after the World Twenty20 Championships in Sri Lanka and it was revealed that there was a small lesion at the base of his right lung.In his 58-match Test career, Greig scored 3,599 runs at an average of 40.43 and picked up 141 wickets. He slammed eight centuries during his Test career. In 22 ODIs that he played, Greig scored 269 runs and managed 19 wickets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17803083", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcBabysitter\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 gadgets up speech problem in kids", "text": "LONDON: The number of children in the United Kingdom with speech difficulties has leapt 70% in six years and the growing use of screen-based gadgets is being blamed for it, according to a new study.As many as 1.2 million young Britons struggle with speech and half of pupils in some areas start school not being able to put sentences together . The rise is being blamed on the growing use of screen-based gadgets as convenient\"babysitters\" and a trend for hard-working parents to spend less time with their children, the 'Daily Mail' reported.The findings from a new government-funded study show the number of schoolchildren needing expert help for speech and language difficulties rose 71% between 2005 and 2011. The analysis found that 2.25 of youngsters aged five to 16 were classified as having difficulties in 2011.However,the figures do not capture pupils who are identified as having speech difficulties and are helped within their schools without recourse to specialists.The children's charity 'I CAN' said other studies had suggested that 1.2 million youngsters of all ages across the UK have some form of communication problem.They include children with specific conditions that lead to speech problems and others whose environment may play a part in their language difficulties.As many as 50% of children in some parts of the UK \u00e2\u20ac\u201d particularly areas of social disadvantage \u00e2\u20ac\u201d start school with delayed language, the charity said.The sharp rise in cases of speech difficulties was likely to be down to 21st century living , as well as better identification by parents and schools, said Jean Gross, former government speech and language tsar and a trustee of I CAN.Gross warned that screenbased technology \u00e2\u20ac\u201d including TVs, games consoles, smartphones and computers - was increasingly used to occupy children instead of traditional family activities such as learning nursery rhymes.\"Head teachers are telling me they are seeing a real increase in the number of children who struggle to string words together,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17801660", "title": "Driver jumps off bridge after knocking down woman, fractures legs", "text": "CHENNAI: In an unusual incident, a car driver who fatally knocked down a 46-year-old woman, wife of a CPI leader, jumped off the Kathipara flyover while being taken to the Guindy traffic investigation office on Friday morning. He fractured both legs and is undergoing treatment in a private hospital in Guindy.Police said the driver, Gopi (26) of Pudupet, had earlier smashed his car against two women in Sholinganallur, killing one of them on the spot and leaving the other seriously injured.Vijayalakshmi and her sister Nandhini of Lal Bahadur Sashtri Nagar in Sholinganallur were returning from a temple when the accident occurred. Police said the two women, after completing their 'darshan,' were walking home along the service lane when two cars whizzed past them at great speed. Before they could pave way for the third car that was following closely behind, the car was upon them. The two were thrown to the side of the road and the driver sped off. Hearing their cries, a few passing motorists and local residents rushed to the spot. While some of them attended to the women, the others turned their attention to the one who had knocked them down.The car driver had by then gone ahead and was trying to take a U turn in a bid to escape in the same direction in which he came. The passers-by and others ran across and blocked the car. They pulled him out and gave him a sound thrashing.In the meantime, the two sisters who had sustained serious head injuries were rushed to a private hospital where Vijayalakshmi died. Nandhini is undergoing treatment. Vijayalakshmi's husband Dhanapal is the CPI district secretary of Sholinganallur, police said.Soon, officers of the Guindy traffic investigation police, under whose jurisdiction Sholinganallur comes, came there and arrested Gopi. He was asked to drive his car to the Guindy traffic investigation wing office while and a police patrol vehicle followed behind. When the vehicle was on the Kathipara flyover, he suddenly stopped. When the escorting police personnel demanded the reason, he told them he wanted to check the if there was enough air. Pretending to bend down to check the tyre, he ran towards the parapet wall of the flyover and jumped down from there. The police party, which was caught unawares, could not do anything but watch helplessly.The police personnel then took him to a nearby private hospital where he is undergoing treatment. A case has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17807125", "title": "Salman Khan praises Shah Rukh on Bigg Boss", "text": "Bollywood superstar Salman Khan defended his rival Shah Rukh Khan on Bigg Boss after Imam Siddique, a contestant on the show, claimed he was the one who made SRK a star.Siddique, a casting director, got into an argument with host Salman last night after he nominated the house's captain Niketan.The actor told Siddique to nominate someone else as Niketan was the captain of the house but Siddique stood by his decision, saying he knew what the audience want.After Salman mocked him, Siddique replied, \"I cast Preity Zinta and Shah Rukh Khan for ad films that worked very well with the audiences.\"Losing his cool, Salman said, \"Shah Rukh is in the industry because of his hard work and the support of his fans. It is because he has pursued his career with determination that he is a big man and not because you cast him in an advertisement.\"The 47-year-old \"Dabangg\" star also revealed that Siddique was desperate to be a part of the show and would text him everyday begging to be a part of ' Bigg Boss'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "17802641", "title": "Tuki bats for reopening of Stilwell Road", "text": "ITANAGAR: Arunachal Pradesh chief minister Nabam Tuki has pleaded the Centre to consider reopening the historic Stilwell Road for establishing border trade between India and south-east Asian countries for economic development of the region as part of the 'Look East Policy.\"The pre-requisite for a meaningful Look East policy is land connectivity and reopening of this road will help the region in manifold ways,\" Tuki said, while addressing the National Development Council (NDC) meeting in New Delhi on Thursday.The Stilwell Road was built during World War II by the allied forces to supply the Chinese an alternative to the Burma Road, which was cut by the Japanese in 1942. It connects Ledo in Assam to Kunming in Yunnan province of China through Arunachal Pradesh and Myanmar.It has been almost two decades since the Look East Policy was adopted and subsequently the 'Look East through North-East' doctrine was conceptualized. However, the progress on various aspects, which were originally envisioned, like border trade and commerce, controlling cross border movement of underground elements, increase in flow of information, cultural exchanges and people-to-people contact has been minimal, he said.\"In the absence of such progress, there hasn't been any tangible benefit for the northeast region in particular, though several years have passed since we adopted this policy,\" he said.The chief minister added, \"Most of the 1,726-km road is now in a usable condition and only about 160 km in Myanmar needs renovation.\" Opening of this road will provide direct connectivity to Yunnan province of China. It is in national interest that the 160-km portion of the road in Myanmar should be repaired through an agency like BRO and opened for trade and commerce at the earliest, he said.In addition, he said the border trade at Pangsau Pass must be formalized on a priority basis. The major items of trade from Myanmar will be valuable timber (teak), precious gems, medicinal plants and other agricultural products.\"Tourist circuits with south-east Asian nations have to be opened. As an instance, a Buddhist tourist circuit from Thailand to Myanmar and Arunachal Pradesh could become commercially viable within a short span of its launch,\" he said. The NER Vision Document 2020, adopted by all the northeastern states in 2008 has identified the Look East Policy as the cornerstone for development of this region, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "jabalpur", "code": "17802986", "title": "Mayor proposes sale of Jabalpur Municipal Corporation building", "text": "JABALPUR: Advised to generate his own resources at last JNNURM review meeting in Delhi, city mayor Prabhat Sahu hit upon a novel idea. He drafted a proposal to sell off 5,60038 square feet of land housing the 120-year-old Jabalpur Municipal Corporation (JMC) building to private builders and had it hurriedly passed by the house on December 26.The part of campus on sale incidentally also includes the mayor's residence. And as Congress corporators, staging a sit-in the house since that day, threaten to take the matter to the court, an unperturbed Sahu, whose move has left his own partymen and seniors red-faced, is busy giving final touches to the blueprint of a multiplex by changing the land used to \"full commercial\".There is no other option to raise funds for the cash starved cooperation, Sahu declared. \"We are required to dole out matching grant for a number of centrally-funded projects and this is a perfect solution\".Talking to TOI on Friday, Sahu dismissed the three-day-old dharna by opposition as a mere drama. \"Former Congress mayor Vishvanath Dubey had floated the proposal 10 years ago but it was shelved as Dubey failed to strike a \"deal\" with the builder, he declared and blamed his detractors of duplicity. If they do it, it is a business venture, if I do it, it is corruption, he fumed.The Congress corporators- 30 against 40 BJP corporators - are openly accusatory. Vinay Saxena, the leader of opposition in the house says \"there are 10 spots owned by JMC which have been identified and brought on record by them. Two of then are adjacent to JMC. \"However one near the city bust stand is now the unchallenged property of MLA and speaker of the state assembly Ishwardas rohani who parks his fleet of buses there. The other one near Jabalpur club is captured by minister for animal husbandry Ajay Vishnoi. and now Sahu is eyeing the JMC ...\" he allegedCharging the mayor with underselling the prime property, Pankaj Pandey another Congress corporator said that in its feasibility report Crisil had assessed the value of the same land at Rs 155 crores a decade ago.\" The land price in the city is skyrocketing but, Sahu declared on the floor of the house that the proposed sale will yield Rs 155 crores. Either his maths is poor or worse\" he saidCongress MLA Lakhan Ghanghoria emphasized that the calculated sell out defied logic. \"This very month, 54 new villages have been included within the JMC limits. This means more visitors to the complex and further expansion. Mayor selling off the municipal corporation complex under the pretext of raising funds is just like the Prime Minister selling away the parliament to fill in the government coffers. The very idea is ludicrous.\"Sahu is beyond caring. My job is to perform and their job is to create impediments he declared. Asked to comment on the Congressmen plan to seek judicial intervention the mayor chortled.. oh sure, he remarked \"this is what courts are meant for.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17803104", "title": "'Witness' cops avoid probe", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two cops who could buttress police's account of how constable Subhash Tomar was fatally injured during last Sunday's protest at India Gate have surprisingly stayed away from the investigation. In the two days since the crime branch took over the case, it has been unable to trace both cops who are seen near a limp Tomar in TV footage as well as photographs.The reluctance of these personnel to shed light on the events leading to a colleague's death has raised questions. Investigators on Friday spoke to several policemen in Karawal Nagar and elsewhere in the northeast district to identify the men. \"We wanted to convey to them that it is the duty of the two men to visit the crime branch office in Chanakyapuri and record their statement,'' said an officer.The crime branch has made progress in the case by zeroing in on the spot where Tomar was supposedly hit by a stone. \"We now have an idea of the spot. We are scanning CCTV footage made available to us by ECL through the C4i network (set up for the Commonwealth Games ) to confirm our fin8d8ings,'' said a source, adding, the spot would not be disclosed to prevent fake witnesses from confounding the case.The crime branch has also recorded the statement of a physics student, Paulene, who had tried to help Tomar when he collapsed on Tilak Marg. \"We sent a team along with a woman inspector to her residence in Mukherjee Nagar and recorded her statement. We have found her account useful. However, we also need to find out what transpired before she arrived at the spot,'' said an officer.Police said the medical superintendent of RML, Dr TS Sidhu, had responded to their notice and sent all the medical documents related to Tomar's treatment at the hospital. \"But The final postmortem report records six external injuries besides a broken rib and contusion in the lungs. All of this cannot have resulted from trying to give Tomar CDR. We are forming a medical board and if we find negligence on the part of RML, we will take legal action,'' said the source.Dr Sidhu had earlier stated that Tomar \"had no external injury marks, except some cuts and bruises\" and that \"there are no severe internal injuries recorded but the postmortem will tell everything.\" DCP-crime SBS Tyagi said, \"The postmortem report shows that the constable suffered six external injuries and had multiple contusions in his lungs. His three ribs on the left side were broken\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17807209", "title": "Radhika Gandhi heads to Bollywood", "text": "While the Gandhi family might not have been in the news for the right reasons - what with Pooja Gandhi calling off her engagement with Anand Gowda - this time around they are doing it right. In fact, the younger Gandhi, Radhika, who has acted in quite a few Kannada films including the forthcoming Akka Pakka, seems to have landed herself a role in a Bollywood film.In fact, the actress will soon be making her way to Mumbai with her mother for the shoot of the film. However, the family doesn't want to reveal the name of the project that Radhika will be seen in.It is interesting to see that the actress who made her debut in the Chikkamagalurina Chikkamallige a couple of years ago making her way to the Hindi film industry. Radhika will now join the league of other actresses like Nidhi Subbaiah and Deepika Kamaiah who have landed themselves Bollywood films too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17802917", "title": "Concerted efforts by doctors &amp; health dept to prevents a tragedy", "text": "JAIPUR: From late Thursday to Friday early morning, nearly 163 patients with stomach ailments were transported in ambulances from Bassi to Jaipur. They had fallen ill after attending a religious feast at a temple in Bassi on Thursday.For the city doctors, it was a challenging situation as patients in large numbers kept pouring in till wee hours at SMS and J K Lon hospitals. Prompt action and timely treatment ensured that there were no casualties.Health department officials claimed nearly 310 cases of food poisoning were brought to the Bassi community health centre. Of these, 163 were referred to the hospitals in Jaipur. By Friday evening, 50% patients were discharged by the hospitals.Health department officials too played a vital role by responding quickly to the situation and ferrying the patients to Jaipur.As soon as the department got the information that a large number of patients were coming to the Bassi CHC, it deployed 18 ambulances from the 108 emergency service and 18 other vehicles to take the patients, in serious condition, to Jaipur.Also, government doctors from nearby areas including Sanganer, Chaksu and Bhakrota rushed to Bassi to provide treatment to the patients. Within a few hours, 14 doctors and 40 nursing staff were administering Intravenous (IV) fluids and other medicines to the ill.Bassi CHC in-charge Dr Dinesh Mittal said, \"Around 150 patients were admitted to the CHC with complaints of diarrhoea, vomitting and stomach ailments. Now, all of them have been discharged.\"Meanwhile, health minister A A Khan visited the patients at the SMS and J K Lon hospitals. \"Directions have been issued to provide free treatment to all the patients,\" he said.J K Lon hospital superintendent Dr S D Sharma said 67 children were admitted to the wards while 37 were admitted to day care centre. \"The children are being provided with proper treatment. They all are out of danger,\" he said.SMS hospital officials said all the 59 patients admitted to the hospital were out of danger.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17803611", "title": "Bag snatchers grab Rs 2.35L from man", "text": "AURANGABAD: Unidentified robbers snatched a bag containing Rs 2.35 lakh on Thursday around 2.30 pm at Akashwani signal on Jalna Road from a contractor who had withdrawn the cash from a bank and was trying to cross the road.Police said the complainant Jaisingh Mohan Adhe (35) of Deolai Chowk on Beed bypass parked his vehicle on the other side of the two-way Jalna Road near Akashwani and went into a bank to withdraw cash. After withdrawing Rs 2.35 lakh, he was crossing the busy road, when two unidentified robbers riding a motorcycle snatched the bag from Adhe's hand and fled.According the description of the accused given by the complainant, the duo seem to be the same persons who have committed various cheatings, bag lifting and chain snatchings in the city, police said.Thursday's bag snatching bears resemblance to the one on December 12. Two unidentified robbers riding a motorcycle had snatched a bag containing cash Rs 2.25 lakh from two employees of Watan Textiles, who had withdrawn the cash from the company account with a private bank. They were carrying the cash in a bag. Police are expecting CCTV footage of the accused from the cameras installed on the road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17802940", "title": "Chandrabhan leads Cong in declaring poll war on BJP", "text": "JAIPUR: Congress declared a full-blown election war on the opposition BJP, targeting prime ministerial aspirant Narendra Modi and state chief ministerial hopeful Vasundhara Raje , at the ruling party's foundation day rally here on Friday.Calling BJP a party of corrupt leaders and coining sobriquets like 'Bharat Jalao Party' for it, the Congressmen asserted they would keep the saffron party out of power, both at the Centre and in the state in the coming Lok Sabha and assembly elections.The event was organised to celebrate the party turning 128 years on Friday, but its mood was more of a first politically rally in the run up to the assembly elections due in later half of 2013. It was called a 'Sakalp Rally' to signify party workers' vow to keep Congress victorious.There also seems to be a change in stance of the party, as the attack on BJP was singly led by Congress state president Chandrabhan, while chief minister Ashok Gehlot was mild in hitting at the opposition. Gehlot barely mentioned Raje, who has been his favourite target at public assemblies. The party's Rajasthan in-charge Mukul Wasnik, too, said hardly anything impressive to match the party tone of declaring an election war in the state.Chandrabhan's scathing attack on Raje and Modi, on the other hand, left even the Congress workers happily surprised.Party state president Chandrabhan blew the election trumpet by declaring that Modi's 'war horse' to Delhi would not be allowed to cross even Banswara (Rajasthan's southeastern district bordering Gujarat). \"Theirs is a horse in the air and we will not let it touch the ground,\" Chandrabhan said.Stressing that BJP was having \"delusions\" about Modi becoming the PM and Raje becoming the Rajasthan CM, Chandrabhan said, \"Only he who gets (Congress president) Sonia's blessings will be the PM and the CM.\"In a blunt attack on Raje, the party president said, \"How can the people accept her as a leader when even her party is not accepting her as one?\" Chandrabhan was referring to the bitter infighting within the BJP in opposition to Raje.He claimed that Raje was voted to power in 2003 as people here did not know her well. \"This time, no one is going to vote for someone who is not found here but in London and whose government used bullets and batons to silence people's voices,\" Chandrabhan said. \"If elections are held today, BJP won't get even 50 seats,\" he claimed, while urging his party men to secure at least 128 seats in Congress's 128th year.Chandrabhan alleged that BJP had the most corrupt leaders in the country. \"Of the 118 BJP legislators in Karnataka, 80 are booked for corruption charges,\" he stated. Extolling Congress for checking corruption, the party state president said, \"Everyone knows about Gehlot's properties, but does anyone have any idea about Raje's wealth?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17801420", "title": "Bad bugs\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 rate 40% higher in Indian ICUs than general wards", "text": "NEW DELHI: Intensive Care Units (ICUs) - believed to be the safest part of any hospital \u00e2\u20ac\u201d are teeming with bad bugs.Contrary to popular belief, scientific evidence shows that Indian ICUs are a hot bed for bad infections.This was also the primary fear of doctors treating the 23-year-old gang-rape victim Nirbhaya.Deputy medical superintendent of Safdarjung Hospital Dr T K Bhowmick said infection rate in Indian ICUs are almost 40% higher than even general wards. \"That's why our primary focus was to wheel out Nirbhaya from the ICU into a general ward at soon as possible. ICUs can cause serious life-threatening infections. The primary reason is that patients admitted in ICUs have multiple tubes inserted into them like the ventilator, IV lines or catheters, all of them being major source of infections.\"He added, \"Besides, ICU patients are usually more serious and immune compromised since they are on heavy doses of antibiotic. Pathogens in the ICUs are more resistant to these antibiotics. Patients are more prone to catching even the slightest infections.\"Experts say that although ICUs account for fewer than 10% of total beds in most hospitals, more than 20% of all infections are acquired in ICUs. Infections are the leading cause of death in non-cardiac ICUs and account for 40% of all ICU expenditures.A recent Indian Intensive Care Case Mix and Practice Patterns (INDICAPS) study with a sample size of 4,209 patients admitted in 124 ICUs across 17 states found that one out of every eight patients in India die from infections contracted in ICUs.Sepsis that infected Nirbhaya is one of the primary threats. INDICAPS found that 26% of the patients in ICUs contracted sepsis with 42.2% of them dying of it.Dr Narendra Rungta, president of Indian Society of Critical Care, said, \"Hospital Acquired Infections (HAIs) are very common in India. Only one in 10 ICUs observes practices that are vital to keep it infection free. Hand washing with alcohol-based solution for 90 seconds is the single most important intervention that can cut down 90% of HAIs.\"Dr Ramanan Laxminarayan, director of the Center for Disease Dynamics, Economics &amp; Policy (CDDEP), said antibiotic resistant infections are difficult \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and sometimes even impossible \u00e2\u20ac\u201d to treat.\"They lead to longer hospital stays, increased treatment costs, and in some cases, death. Research estimates that of the approximately 1.9 lakh neonatal deaths in India each year due to sepsis, over 30% are attributable to antibiotic resistance. HAIs should be the highest public health priority in India.\"The World Health Organization (WHO) says that of every 100 hospitalized patients at any given time, seven in developed and 10 in developing countries will acquire at least one HAI.\"At any given time, the prevalence of HAI varies between 5.7% and 19.1% in low and middle-income countries. Frequency of overall infections is as high as 42.7 episodes per 1,000 patient days \u00e2\u20ac\u201d almost three times higher than in high-income countries,\" it said.While urinary tract infection is the most frequent HAI in high-income countries, surgical site infection is the leading infection in India, affecting up to one-third of operated patients \u00e2\u20ac\u201d nine times higher than in developed countries. Device-associated infection densities in India are up to 13 times higher than in the US.According to a recent European study, the longer a patient stays in an ICU, the more s/he is risk of acquiring an infection. On average, the cumulative incidence of infection in adult high-risk patients is 17 episodes per 1,000 patient days.CDDEP research on HAI in India has revealed several concerning trends.In Indian ICUs, the rate of vancomycin-resistant enterococcus (VRE), a dangerous hospital infection, is five times than the rest of the world.Rates of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus are also high, with one study finding over 80% of samples positive for resistance to the antibiotic methicillin.A study of 71 burn patients at PGI, Chandigarh, found that up to 83% had HAIs. Another six-month study conducted in the ICUs at AIIMS found that 11% patients had over 150 different HAIs. A separate study of 493 patients in a tertiary teaching hospital in Goa also found that 21% patients admitted in ICUs developed 169 different HAIs.The INDICAPS study also found that it wasn't those who had undergone surgeries weren't the prime sufferers, which is a common myth. Around 27.6% of the patients who died of sepsis were not operated upon and were in hospital for non-surgical treatment. The percentage of deaths in surgical cases was around 14.4%. Common sites of infection in patients that resulted in sepsis included bedsores, intravenous lines, surgical wounds and surgical drains.Dr M C Misra, chief of AIIMS Trauma Centre, said prolonged and inappropriate use of invasive devices and antibiotics and long stay in ICU makes every patient admitted in it prone to HAI.Misra said, \"Every patient in ICU is at risk. The trend now is therefore to segregate patients in ICUs. Patients therefore should not stay in ICUs more than required.\"Annual financial losses due to HAIs are also significant. WHO says 7 billion are spent in Europe due to HAIS that result in 16 million extra days of hospital stay.The Global Antibiotic Resistance Partnership (GARP) recently issued several key recommendations that aim at reducing the prevalence of HAIs, including increased hand-washing, use of isolation rooms for infected patients, increased availability and uptake of diagnostic tests, reminders to limit catheter use and use of gloves and gowns.Dr Anita Arora, head of microbiology at Escorts Heart Institute and Research Centre, had earlier told TOI that most of the bugs are spread through contaminated hands, air conditioners, contaminated surfaces and devices used on patients.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17800711", "title": "Principal skipping hearing leading to delay: Women Cell secretary", "text": "NAGPUR: Revelations in Nagpur University's alleged sexual harassment case is making it murkier. Sources claimed that the principal of Saoner-based Dr Haribhau Admane College Virendra Jumle failed to turn up for the hearings despite many notices. This is causing delay in the preparation of the report.Member secretary of women's cell Nilima Deshmukh confirmed the findings stating that he only turned up for one hearing and then skipped them despite repeated reminders. \"He keeps on giving excuses that he didn't get the notice. How it this possible that the accused is failing to get notice while the victim residing in the same town gets it on the same day? He is lying as the victim, under an RTI query, had given proof that the principal had also received the notice on the same day,\" she told TOI.Deshmukh, also a senior academician, added that her subordinate had called the principal for the hearing about a week before the actual date. He kept on insisting that since he failed to get the notice he would not attend the hearing. \"The hearings are delayed only because of him. We can't make reports without his deposition. Moreover, some of our members, who are doctors, come from places like Chandrapur and it is very difficult to fix their dates. On other hand, the victim is regular during the hearings,\" she informed.She was also disappointed over the fact that two representatives on the women's cell - commissioner of police and director of higher education - failed to turn up for the hearing despite repeated reminders.Jumle however categorically refuted all charges stating that he was indeed present during both the hearings. \"They should check their records as I was present for two hearings. I could not go for the third hearing because I received the notice very late. During the first hearing the chairman of women's cell had resigned and therefore, it failed to progress. At the second hearing also, nothing happened. Why should I skip the hearings when I am not guilty of anything?\" he said, adding that even a court case was going over the same issue and he was regular there.TOI had reported about the non-serious approach of NU administration and members when the issue came up for discussion during the management council meeting on Thursday. The newspaper had reported the issue in detail in its July 17 issue exposing NU's lethargic administration led by VC Vilas Sapkal which was sitting on the lecturer's complaint of alleged sexual harassment since more than a year.The aggrieved victim was made to run from pillar to post. NU even failed to adhere to the orders of Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court, sources informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17807737", "title": "State sugar factories produce 240 lakh quintal sugar", "text": "PUNE: The private and cooperative sugar factories in the state have produced 240 lakh quintal sugar after crushing 234 lakh tonne sugarcane. Among all the divisions, Pune has reported production of close to 100 lakh quintal, which is the highest in the state.Sugar factories in the state had crushed 228 lakh tonne sugarcane to produce 221 lakh quintal sugar during the same period of 2011-12. This year, the crushing capacity of the sugar factories has slightly increased from four lakh tonne per day, said an official from the state sugar commissionerate. The 51 cooperative and private sugar factories in Pune division have so far crushed 97 lakh tonne sugarcane and produced 100 lakh quintal sugar. The second position is secured by Kolhapur division, known for higher sugar recovery rate.There are 32 sugar factories that have crushed 46 lakh tonne of sugarcane and produced 51.47 lakh quintal sugar. In Ahmednagar division, there are 25 sugar factories currently crushing sugarcane. The division produced 33 lakh quintal sugar from crushing 34 lakh tonne sugarcane. There were 118 cooperative and 49 private sugar factories functional in December 2011. The number changed to 103 cooperative sugar factories and 55 private sugar factories that are crushing sugarcane in this period.The highest sugar recovery rate so far is achieved by Asurle-Porle private sugar factory in Kolhapur. The factory has reported 12.11% followed by 12.06% of Gurudatt sugar factory, another private factory from the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17801131", "title": "Police\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s party favour: 30,000-strong bandobast", "text": "MUMBAI: The police say they are ready with bandobast for Monday, New Year's Eve. About 30,000 police personnel will be deployed across the city, especially on beaches, outside five-star hotels and pubs, at places of gathering like the Gateway of India and Shivaji Park, and also malls and multiplexes. Vital installations like consulates, too, would be under extra security cover. The personnel will include plainclothes women cops. The State Reserve Police Force and the Home Guard will be part of the arrangements.At the Gateway, there will be separate entry/exit gates for women and men. \"This segregation will not be applicable on families or couples. Police personnel will frisk people who look suspicious. Watchtowers may be erected temporarily,\" said a police officer.At the beaches, police teams will be present at all entry and exit points. \"Footage from CCTV cameras will be monitored regularly. We have asked several shop owners near the beaches and other crowded places to monitor footage from their own CCTV cameras and inform the police if they find any suspicious activity or evidence of misbehavior with women,\" the officer said.Women's safety is the priority, he said. \"Cops have been asked to not be still and keep patrolling to make sure police presence is felt at all times and women feel safe. We are deploying women cops so that they can monitor the situation and extend help to women and children,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17803525", "title": "Probe into student's death hits a dead end", "text": "Ten days back, the city was rocked by the death of a 21-year-old college student due to heroin overdose.The Chandigarh police arrested three persons in 2-3 days. However, enthusiasm has fizzled out as there has been no further headway.After six days of interrogation of the accused, cops have failed to establish even the source of drugs and arrest others involved.Gagandeep Singh and Saurabh, accused of supplying drugs to Radhika Vashisht, were sent to judicial remand as their police remand ended on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "parvathipuram (vizianagaram)", "code": "17802879", "title": "Another Maoist dump unearthed in Odisha", "text": "PARVATHIPURAM (VIZIANAGARAM): The security forces unearthed a Maoists dump between Kumbari and Narikeluva village of Narayanapatna block in Koraput district in Odisha, a bordering area of Vizianagaram of Andhra Pradesh, on Friday.The dump included a tiffin-box landmine with 12 kgs explosive material, 54 bullets of 303 weapon, 12 watts batteries, wire bundles, 9 audio cassettes, pencil cells, revolutionary literature and Maoists banners.The dump was unearthed while the security forces were conducting combing operations in the forest areas of Narayanapatna. This was the sixth dump to be unearthed by the security forces in the Maoists stronghold area of Narayanapatna block in the last two months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17807471", "title": "Graceful Namita in U-15 &amp; U-13 quarters", "text": "MUMBAI: Lanky Namita Shetty, a seventh standard student from Mulund's VPM school, made terrific impact as she stormed into the under-15 and under-13 singles quarterfinals in the Maharashtra State junior badminton championships, held at North India Association, Kings Circle.What was most remarkable about her victories in both the age groups, was her tenacity, which helped win her both the singles. Shetty first defeated her namesake Sakshi Shetty 30-28 in the girls' under-13 singles and then scored another closely contested 30-26 win over Parddhi Bajona in the under-15 singles.Another girl to share the day's honour with Namita was Aditi Kute from Nashik. Like Namita, Aditi too had to battle hard to get the better of Ulka Shirdkar before she won at 30-26 in the girls under-15 singles. Later, she overpower Archita Malgaonkar with a 30-26 win in the girls' under-13 singles. However, there was no stopping top seeded Riya Arolkar, who routed Isha Mugul 30-9 to make the last eight grade in the under-13 section.Resuts:Girls U-13 singles (Pre-quarterfinals): Namita Shetty bt Saakshi Shetty 30-28; Aditi Kute bt Archita Malgaonkar 30-26.Girls U-15 singles (Pre-quarterfinals): Rya Arolkar bt Vanita Mulay 30-17; Aditi Kute bt Ulka Shirdkatr 30-21; Nivedita Rao bt Divya Hegde 30-9, Namita Shetty bt Parddhi Bajona 30-26; Pooja Devlekar bt Akanksha Dhamadekari 30-4; Radhika Ganpati bt Devyani Vibhute 30-14; Simran Singhi bt Sai Gulhane 30-20; Archita Malgaonkar bt Anushka Deshpande 30-25, Kareena Madan bt Divya Vaidya 30-9; Sanika Walwalkar bt Manvi Mehta 30-24; Radhika Pagaonkar bt Anjana V.R. 30-22; Kalpita Sawant bt Nida Memon 30-9.Boys u-15 singles (Pre-quarterfinals): Deep Rambhia bt Chetan Wagh 30-18; Pratik Tiwari bt Digesh Udayawar 30-17; Yash Salian bt Giden D'Souza 30-9; Akshan Shetty bt S.Rangavithai 30-14; Srikanth Balakrishna bt Apoorva Dikondawar 30-19; Nihar Thakkar bt Sham Kulkarni 30-18; Sukrut Boporikar bt Raghav Deshmukh 30-17; Rajesh Sule bt Vadant Kolekar 30-9; Prtik Kishore bt Kolesh Jagtap 30-10; Sohil Sheigh bt Jaideo Menon 30-26; Aman Farogh Sanjay bt Pranav Nambiar 30-18;Sharang Garud bt Navid Kagalwalla 30-18; Nikhil Wadekar bt Ashish Jena 30-11; Suyog Kokhande bt Yash Chalek 30-18; Ameya Mangaonkar bt Aman Dhiman 30-7.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17800962", "title": "ONGC aiming to finish in top half", "text": "NEW DELHI: ONGC's new coach Santosh Kashyap is not willing to read too much into his side's resounding 3-0 win over Shillong Lajong in the last round ahead of their crucial 12th round encounter against Baichung Bhutia-led United Sikkim Football Club at the Ambedkar Stadium on Saturday.\"Our aim is to finish in the top half of the table, maybe 7th. So we should not bask in the glory of one emphatic win for too long. The win definitely boosted our confidence. But we consistently need to perform at that level,\" Kashyap said.The win over Lajong helped ONGC leapfrog to 11th position with 11 points. USFC remained in the drop zone with eight points in their kitty after failing to turn the tide against Mumbai FC despite appointing a new coach.However, club chairman Baichung Bhutia can hope for light at the end of the tunnel as under 27-year old Australian Nathan Hall, Sikkim's performance was encouraging against Mumbai FC.\"USFC are a good team and it will be a good match. No team in the top tier can be taken lightly. If you notice the gap at the bottom is very less so one bad day can cost us big,\" Kashyap added.A win on Saturday can help the youngest outfit wriggle out of the relegation zone. And if ONGC midfielder Eric Brown - nursing an ankle injury - is ruled out for the game, the visitors' chances will be enhanced. The Nigerian was the wrecker-in-chief along with Yusa Katsumi in the previous game.\"It's true that he is down with an ankle injury at the moment but I expect him to be fit for Saturday. We will take a call after assessing his state before the match,\" Kashyap confirmed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17805490", "title": "Experience helps Cruise do his own stunts", "text": "Actor Tom Cruise says with years of experience behind him, he can confidently do the action stunts himself.The 50-year-old made his debut in Hollywood with 1981 movie \" Taps \" and went on to star in many action flicks like \" Mission Impossible \" series, \" Ghost Protocol \", \" Minority Report \" and \" The War Of The Worlds \".All the years in industry has helped him and being an actor he believes in giving his 100 percent to the character, reports dailymail.co.uk.\"People do say no, but as an actor you bring everything, physically and emotionally, to a character,\" Cruise said on a British chat show.\"I'm able to do them (stunts). I've trained for 30 years doing things like that,\" he added.Cruise does accept that stunts do go wrong sometimes.\"I don't get scared. It's quite technical but sometimes things go wrong,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17807543", "title": "RIP Nirbhaya: Google, Twitter lead online agitation", "text": "NEW DELHI: In an era when social media has given a voice to everyone, those who grieved over the death of the Delhi gang rape victim Nirbhaya, the symbolic name given to the girl by The Times of India, took to Facebook and Twitter to express themselves.RIP Nirbhaya is the top trend on Twitter India, where hundreds of tweets condemning the rape, grieving the death and demanding reforms could be seen. Google India posted its own tribute to the deceased with a post on Google+.Here are some of the top tweets speaking of the girl's death:@wildpepper: In a real sense, India has died a thousand deaths today. In her death, she lives. In her death, India lives with shame. RIP #nirbhaya@AbbySonam: I cannot explain how deeply saddened I am. RIP nirbhaya. We shall remain indebted to you. You're a true hero@raghuvamshi: RIP Nirbhaya - I hope instead of just talking, GOI will finally do something!! Wakeup!!@CaffeineDoLL: I never saw her, I didn't knw who she ws, she ws just a gal fighting d battle for her life &amp; she lost it, It cud be u &amp; me too #RIP NirbhayaApart from expressing their sadness and outrage at the death of the girl, many on Twitter demanded a justice system that could help avoid such instances.Blaming the political class and the ruling elite, @a20nitin tweeted: Welcome to Great Indian Culture where women are still living without dignity because we elect politicians with dirty mindset RIP NirbhayaOn the other hand, @AroraRavi said: Night bans, chilly powder and karate is not a solution. Good police and courts are. RIP Nirbhaya.@ambrishtyagi: all our education has given to us is unscrupulous politicians ... we chose them to rule; ... how many of them really deserve || RIP Nirbhaya@AshuLall: RIP Nirbhaya. nt jst words, it wud be a greater homage to her if we, as a nation can promise n pledge that no such case happens after today.@richasingh31: So many Big Statements coming in.. Where are the #BigActions? RIP Nirbhaya@CrunchyDough appealed to the government: You're elected for a reason. You're the people's voice. LISTEN TO THE PEOPLE. Don't let her die in vain. #RIP NirbhayaCommenting on the absence of Congress youth icon Rahul Gandhi , @maypan18 tweeted: BTW where is \"cute dimple wala\" for many bimbo girls,youth icon for congi swines and future PM of India.. Mr Rahul Gandhi?? #RIP #Nirbhaya@ShraddhaVadodar showed her lack of faith in the government by tweeting: RIP Nirbhaya YOU WILL ALWAYS STAY ALIVE IN MY HEART BUT FOR ME TODAY THE GOI IS DEAD. Lnkg at their attitudes I have no hopes@cumgetsumhny's tweet went like: RIP NIRBHAYA SHAMELESS GOVT. STILL BUSY HIDING THEIR AS**S. Y DON'T SHUT DOWN THE WHOLE COUNTRY.@HarshChauhan__: Law is Blind, Police is Deaf and PM is Mute. RIP Nirbhaya, GOI, #Delhi, Jantar MantarSpeaking of the lack of morality in the society, @sushantJha tweeted: Shastri resignd aftr a tragic rail accident,owning moral responsibility. Y has dat ethical standard vanished in our public life? RIP Nirbhaya@arpitlpshivhare tweeted about protesting the rape and eventual death of Nirbahaya: Born in this country was not your fault, not bringing a change to this country is! Let's protest peacefully! #JantarMantar RIP NirbhayaBlack Saturday, as the day of her mourning her death is being called, saw many Twitter users have uploaded black images to show their solidarity to Nirbhaya.His thoughts resonated in the tweet of @abadhya, who said: I do not have words since morning, what to do, how to react, All I can say now is #StandUp &amp; Bring the Total Change. RIP Nirbhaya!Facebook users posted statuses like \"The Girl hasn't died. Instead she's moved to a better world where no Rapes happen,\" underlining that national capital, and indeed the country, is still not safe for women.Some other posts on Facebook, where 60 million Indians are active, are below:\"Woke up to the news of gangrape victim's death. Are rapists the only ones who should be punished? Hasn't the state failed her? Haven't we? Does she deserve prayers or justice?\"\"And the victim passes away.. Not only the woman in me but the human in me is shaken.. May her soul rest in peace and I just pray that there is some justice out there!!!\"\"There will be no justice... i hav no hopes at all.. all politician shud party nw.... as demons don't give justice... RIP to her... good for her as god nvr wanted her to face such cruel ppl around...\"\"Indian govt took her 2 Singapore, to show their fake care about woman in d country. With conservative leaders like Abhijit Mukherjee, India wil b a paradise for rapists. Come on, don't wait 4 d govt 2 save u. B brave n save urselves...\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17801696", "title": "Eight years on and still no trial in rape case", "text": "CHENNAI: Eight years ago, Aruna (name changed) was a nursing student with bright career prospects. Today, she is trying in vain to get justice for a rape case she filed six year ago against a doctor. It took her three months to get an FIR registered and she is still waiting for the trial to begin.When Aruna went to the district SP's office to lodge a complaint, she says she wasn't taken seriously. \"I was asked to file a case at the local police station. But they did not take him in for questioning,\" she said.Aruna then moved Madras High Court, which directed the police station to accept her FIR. \"It went to the district headquarters, but from thereon to move the enquiry to the police station near my village, it took them three months,\" she said.What followed next was a campaign of harassment. \"In the last six years, I have been getting regular threats, from his family, friends and government doctors who examined me,\" she said.Although shaken, Aruna continued to frequent the courtrooms, beseeching them to begin the trial. \"By this time, wherever I went there were people he hired following me to see what I was up to,\" she said. \"Some of his friends threatened to rape me if I did not withdraw the case. The locals all suspected that I was in love with him and only filed a case when I got pregnant. But that was not true at all.\"Her nursing career is now on hold, while she does odd jobs to support herself. \"I no longer have friends,\" she said. Even if she wanted to move on in life, she dare not move from the village for fear of losing the case. \"Last month, a lady judge asked me to give details of the incident in writing and promised to hold a trial in December this year,\" she said. \"But December is practically over, and I haven't got any summons.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17807315", "title": "Delhi gang-rape case: 6th accused sent to 12-day judicial custody", "text": "NEW DELHI: One of the six accused in December 16 gang-rape of a 23-year-old paramedical student, who died on Saturday, was remanded in judicial custody for 12 days by a Delhi court.Akshay Singh alias Thakur, who was the last one to be arrested in the case, was produced before additional chief metropolitan magistrate Lokesh Kumar Sharma after expiry of his day-long police custody.\"He (Akshay) is remanded to judicial custody. Let he be produced on January 9,\" the court said after the police did not seek his further custody.Akshay had been remanded in police custody on Friday for a day to recover the remaining case property and clothes which he and other arrested five co-accused were wearing while allegedly gang-raping and brutally assaulting the victim in a moving bus here on the fateful night.After the day-long custody, the police did not seek his further remand as they recovered the articles, which had not been recovered earlier.The investigating officer in the case told the court that they have seized the clothes of the accused worn on the night of incident and also the mobile of the girl and ATM card of her male friend and other valuables at the instance of accused Akshay.It also said the victim's male friend, a 28-year-old software engineer had identified the valuables, which were robbed from them after the incident.The police told the court that the boy had even identified the ring, which his female friend was wearing on that night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17800994", "title": "Railway girls rout Delhi in Senior National Basketball Championship", "text": "LUDHIANA: The 63rd IMG-Reliance Senior National Basketball Championship is being promoted by the Basketball Federation of India with a tag line 'Eight Days of Excitement'.Well, there was enough dose of excitement on the opening day of the tournament as Maharashtra women put up a fine display of grit and character to prevail over Andhra Pradesh 78-70 before Geethu Anna Jose fired 51 points to give a rousing start to Indian Railways at the Gurunanak Dev Stadium here on Friday.Unmindful of the freezing temperatures around the court and despite being forced into a cat-mouse situation in the dying stage, Maharashtra women riding high on the deadly combination of Pune's duo of Sneha Rajguru (29) and Shireen Limaye (23) scraped through to an 8-point victory. Maharashtra men, however, made a false start going down fighting to Madhya Pradesh 75-82.Defending champions in both the sections sent out an early warning to all and sundry. While Railways women eyeing an historic 11th title on trot thrashed Delhi by 50 points in winning 107-57. Holders in the men's section and hosts Punjab were just too good for Kerala, winning 90-66.Having won the crown in the last 10 nationals in a row Railways women now have an aura of invincibility around them. Giving a fine display of the talent and experience and riding high on the herculean 51-point effort from country's best bet at the post play Geethu Anna Jose who also pulled down 22 rebounds Railways made an emphatic start to their campaign.It was a comfortable start for the home team in the men's section. After taking an early 12-point advantage in the first quarter Punjab cruised their way to open their campaign with a 23-point victory in the end.Though Kerala won the second period 19-15, they failed to keep the momentum going as Punjab after taking a handy 8-point lead at the halfway mark dominated after the change of ends. Punjab won the third and fourth quarters 21-15, 27-17 respectively.For the winning side, Talwinderjit Sahi and Ranbir Singh netted 33 and 17 points respectively.Results:Men: Services (Narender Grewal 27, Gopal Ram 21) bt Karnataka (Srinivas Naik 25, M Sridhar 13) 73-64 (23-17, 17-12, 18-15, 15-20); Indian Railways (Prakesh Mishra 25, Carmel Joseph 12) bt Andhra Pradesh (Shiv Kumar 11) 85-51 (18-20, 19-10, 19-13, 29-8); Chhattishgarh (Shyam Sunder 21, Kiran Pal 15) bt Himachal Pradesh (Dilip Kumar 27) 93-69 (20-21, 26-16, 27-18, 20-14); Madhya Pradesh (Akash Bhasin 19, Amit Kanarjee 16, Ankit Pangrahi 13) bt Maharashtra (Jai Singh 16, Amit Gahlot 15, Raj Kalbhor 13) 82-75 (16-18, 27-11, 21-24, 18-22); Punjab (Talwinderjit Sahi 33, Ranbir Singh 17) bt Kerala (Euderic Parera 12, Monish 10) 90-66 (27-15, 15-19, 21-15, 27-17); Chandigarh (Balraj Singh 16, Ashutosh 16, Sandeep 15) bt West Bengal (Varun Pillai 10, Sagar Joshi 10) 63-50 (26-14, 7-7, 12-20, 18-9)Women: Indian Railways (Geethu Anna Jose 51, Manisha Dange 12) bt Delhi (Raspreet Sidhu 15, Madhu Kumari 10, Pratima Singh 10) 107-57 (31-20, 29-10, 18-15, 29-12); Maharashtra (Sneha Rajguru 29, Shireen Limaye 23, Anamika Rai 12) bt Andhra Pradesh (M Meshram 21, S Sam 19) 78-70 (23-12, 24-20, 20-19, 11-19); West Bengal (Varsha Verma 19, Sukurmoni 16) bt Haryana (Anju 10) 54-32 (16-4, 14-13, 14-9, 10-6).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17800819", "title": "Bharti Infratel plunges over 13% on market debut", "text": "MUMBAI: Shares of Sunil Mittal-led Bharti Infratel, which raised over Rs 4,118 crore in the biggest IPO in two years, plunged over 13% in its stock market debut on Friday. After falling over 14% during the day, shares of the company finally ended at Rs 191, down 13% from its issue price of Rs 220 per share on the BSE. At NSE, the stock settled 13% lower at Rs 191. Intra-day, the scrip hit a low of Rs 189 and a high of Rs 201.The telecom tower company currently commands a market value of Rs 36,110 crore. Bharti Infratel fixed the issue price at Rs 220 per share for institutional investors, while giving a discounted price of Rs 210 for retail investors. With the sale of 18.89 crore shares, the company had raised Rs 4,118.01 crore, including about Rs 1,388 crore from retail investors and Rs 2,078 crore from other investors such as QIBs and HNIs.It had said it plans to use the proceeds from the IPO to fund its expansion and future acquisitions. From 18 anchor investors, Bharti Infratel had raised Rs 651.7 crore. It allocated 2.83 crore shares at a price of Rs 230 apiece to them. The IPO of the Sunil Bharti Mittal led-company was subscribed 1.3 times. The issue was open from December 11 to 14.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17801581", "title": "Central Railway services to be hit on weekend", "text": "MUMBAI: Suburban and long-distance train services will be hit during the weekend as the Central Railway (CR) will operate special traffic blocks due to the Thane yard remodelling, commissioning of the new route relay interlocking (RRI) system and test-charging of Kalyan-Thane-LTT route with 25 KV Alternating Current (AC).The first set of blocks will begin on the Down fast line from 9.15pm on Saturday. It will go on for 11 hours and 45 minutes till 9am on Sunday. The second block will begin on Sunday between Kalyan and Mulund on the Up and Down slow lines. It will last for 16 hours from 10am on Sunday to 2am on Monday.On Saturday, all Down mail/express trains will be diverted on the fast line as well as the slow line between a few sections. The authorities have also decided that all mail/express trains will be given double halt at Thane on platform number 2. CR will also suspend Kalyan-Karjat services in both the directions for around two hours after midnight on Saturday.A CR spokesperson said, \"We have decided to run shuttle services with conventional coaches with diesel engines on both sides on the Kalyan-Karjat section in lieu of the cancelled suburban trains.\"On the second day of the block, suburban services between Kalyan and Kasara will be cancelled from 11.30am to 3.40pm in both directions. However, CR will run five shuttle services with conventional coaches in this section during the block period. CR will also have carry out diversion of many trains between Mulund and Diva due to test-charging work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17801636", "title": "All Delhi police stations to have women officers: Shinde", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Police will launch a special drive to recruit women personnel in order to make city police stations more women-friendly. Union home minister Sushilkumar Shinde on Friday said he had told the police to post at least one woman officer in each of the capital's 166 stations.Concurrantly, police personnel will be sent for special training sessions in handling cases dealing with women. The department will send 80 to 90 men and women cops for 'advanced training' on investigation of rape cases, handling a woman victim, following guidelines and collecting evidence in such cases.Sources said the training would be imparted by judges, lawyers and other experts as well as NGOs. \"We have been training officers in the past too but this advanced training will be geared towards improving the force's approach towards crimes against women,\" a top Delhi Police officer said.The strength of women police officers (of additional sub-inspector rank and above) in Delhi is 974, much higher than the sanctioned strength of 646 officers. However, it appears that a majority of these women officers are deployed in non-police station postings.In order to correct this anomaly, the home ministry has now suggested that Delhi Police focus more on posting women in police stations. This is expected to instill confidence among people to report crimes against women.\"I have directed the Delhi Police to launch a special drive for recruiting women. We will hire more women in the Delhi Police,\" Shinde told reporters.\"Every police station should have women police personnel. I have also suggested that each of the 166 police stations in Delhi should have at least one woman police officer. But we do not have that many police officers. But I told them whatever possible should be deployed till %we recruit more women,\" he added.On sensitization of the force, sources said henceforth investigating officers will have to strictly follow the rule. They would not be permitted to call a woman victim/accused to the police station during night hours and recording of her statement would be done the presence of her family members.According to various court guidelines and a Delhi Police circular, every police station needs to have a woman police officer (not below the rank of a head constable) available round-the-clock for dealing with crime involving women. In cases of alleged rape, a 'rape crises cell' needs to be informed immediately and victims escorted for medical examination.According to statistics compiled by the National Crime Records Bureau ( NCRB) as on December 31, 2011, Delhi ranks only behind Maharashtra and Tamil Nadu in terms of strength of women police personnel, including officers and constables.Delhi has a total of 5,180 women police staff, covering both the civil police as well as the district armed police. This is above the total sanctioned strength of 4,411 such personnel.Delhi ranks way above other Union Territories, cornering the lion's share in sanctioned and actual strength of women police personnel. Among other states, Maharashtra leads the pack with 24,218 women police personnel, followed by Tamil Nadu (11,956). The actual all-India strength of women police personnel stands at 83,829, which includes 8,906 officers.Meanwhile, Home minister Shinde dismissed reports suggesting that doctors at Delhi's Safdarjung Hospital, where Nirbhaya was treated till Wednesday, were not invvolved in the decision to send her abroad. He said it was the opinion of the Safdarjung doctors to send her abroad.\"Doctors of Safdarjung and other government hospitals were called. They were also consulted along with Dr Naresh Trehan of the privately-run Medanta Medicity before taking the decision,\" he said. Shinde said the government was ready to send the girl anywhere in the world - be it Singapore, London or the US - for the best available treatment. Singapore was, incidentally, chosen for its proximity, given that the girl's medical condition did not allow her to be airborne for too long.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17802524", "title": "New Year promises treat for stargazers", "text": "HYDERABAD: The year 2013 will witness a series of celestial events. Starting with a rare meteor shower in January and winding up with comet Ison coming closest to the Sun and appearing 15 times brighter than the moon to the naked eye, 2013 promises to be a treat for star gazers.January has other treats in store with many planets appearing brighter than usual, informed the officials at GP Birla Observatory and Astronomical Research Centre. he planet Jupiter can be seen high in the eastern sky in the early part of the night and planet Saturn can be seen in the eastern sky at dawn. \"This month is ideal for viewing Jupiter through a telescope,\" the research centre officials informed in a press release. Avid star gazers can also enjoy the rare sight of the Quadrantid meteor shower in the first week of January. \"This year the conditions for viewing the meteor shower are quite favourable,\" said the press release.The earth will be 'at Perihelion' on January 2 and 3, which means that the distance between the sun and the earth will be least. Despite the nearness to the sun it will be winter for the northern hemisphere. \"This is because the amount of sunlight we receive does not depend so much on the distance as on the tilt of the earth's axis,\" the research centre officials explained in a statement.The planet Venus, also known as the morning star, will shine brightly in the east before sunrise while the red planet Mars will be seen low in the western skies after sunset.This year, India will celebrate Maha Kumbh, which is marked by the entry of the planet Jupiter into the constellation of Aquarius or Kumbha Rasi , from January 13. Considered to be the world's largest religious meet attended by some 40-50 million people, the famous Kumbha Mela will begin in Allahabad on the banks of the river Ganges and the celebration will last for two months. The biggest religious extravaganza takes place once every twelve years or so, keeping in with the revolution of Jupiter.Later in the year comet Ison, which will also be 'spectacularly bright', will be visible even in daylight from some parts and is being touted as one of the main astronomical treats. It is predicted to end a year of 'celestial treats' for 2013. Some other comets like the '2014 L4' can also be seen in April.To encourage interest in astronomy, the GP Birla Observatory and Astronomical Research Centre is also beginning its amateur astronomy course from January 16 with lectures, sky observations and planetarium visits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17802470", "title": "Osmania University, Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University postpone exams", "text": "HYDERABAD: All examinations scheduled for Saturday at the Osmania University (OU) have been postponed after the OU Telangana Students' Joint Action Committee (OU-TSJAC) called for a day-long educational bandh after the Centre deferred by a month a decision on the separate Telangana state.Several schools also declared holiday in view of the bandh call, while Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University (JNTU) postponed the ongoing examinations.In support of a general strike called by the Telangana Rashtra Samithi (TRS), in protest against Centre's dilly-dallying on the statehood issue, the Osmania students will take out a rally from the Arts College.\"The new dates for post-graduate and under-graduate examinations will be announced soon,\" an official release of the university stated.In what seems to be a novel form of protest, the TSJAC has also given a call to \"taint\" the politicians who have taken an anti-Telangana stand.\"We have started an SMS campaign where students from across the region have been asked to smear politicians with ink starting Saturday. The students' JAC has christened this form of protest 'ink-pen' rebellion. And this would continue till the declaration of the new state,\" said M Krishank, spokesperson, OU-TSJAC.OU-TSJAC members said that students will be in the forefront of demonstration starting next Thursday.\"The state government has not been negotiating earnestly with the Centre on the Telangana issue. This dilly-dallying has to stop. We want the Centre to declare formation of separate state immediately,\" said Kailash Neta, an OU-TSJAC leader.The Union government on Friday said a decision on Telangana would come after a month.OU's teaching and non-teaching staff have also extended their support to the bandh. \"OU Teachers' Association (OUTA) has given their support for the bandh. The teachers are planning a pen down strike in January in support of the T cause,\" said an OUTA source.Students said that after deliberations they would chalk out their agitational programmes for the coming year.\"The state government will have to face many educational bandhs in the future if they do not give consent to the T people's demand. The people of the region have waited for decades hoping to breathe free in a separate state and they will not wait anymore,\" said Pidamarthi Ravi, a TSJAC leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17803288", "title": "Class I girl falls into pot of hot pulses in Bokaro", "text": "BOKARO: A Class I student of Government High School Manjura under Kasmar block sustained burns after falling into a vessel containing cooked dal, which was ready to be served as mid-day meal. But not a single teacher or school staff came to her rescue.It was only after she reached home that her family members rushed her to the nearby Primary Health Centre (PHC). Seeing her condition, the doctors referred her to Bokaro General Hospital (BGH). The victim, Anjali Kumari (7), is daughter of Bhuneshwar Mahto, a resident of Manjura village of Kasmar.Kumari is being treated in the Intensive Burn Unit (IBU) of BGH. She sustained burn injuries on her back and hand. The villagers expressed strong displeasure over the insensitiveness of the teachers and school staff.Purender Vikram Sahi, deputy superintendent of education, Bokaro, has suspended the headmaster of the school, Krishna Kumar Mandal. Sahi also visited BGH and met the injured student.\"It was shocking for me to know that the school with a strength of 22 teachers, headmaster and staff was not able to provide treatment to the child after she got injured in school. Finding carelessness on the part of the headmaster, I suspended him on Friday,\" said Sahi. The incident occurred around 1 pm on Thursday when students were queuing up for mid-day meal. Kumari who was standing in front of the pot of hot pulse fell into it, after being pushed from behind.Kumari stood there in tears for half an hour, but seeing no one coming to her help, she rushed back home. Following the incident, the block education officer of Kasmar visited the school and hauled up the teachers for being so insensitive to the student. The teachers, however, said that they went to the hospital to visit the injured student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17803040", "title": "Did govt really \u00e2\u20ac\u02dccancel\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 permit of bus used in rape?", "text": "NEW DELHI: The transport department's claim that it had \"cancelled\" the permit of the bus used in the Nirbhaya gang rape came under scrutiny on Friday after police hinted the bus may not have had a valid permit at the time. A day after the rape, the CM herself had announced that the bus' permit had been cancelled.The traffic police have dug up court records to show the same bus was impounded thrice each in 2011 and 2012. When it was last impounded \u00e2\u20ac\u201d on July 21 this year \u00e2\u20ac\u201d it was being driven by Ram Singh, the main accused in the gang rape case. \"When our men asked for the permit papers and the fitness certificate, he could produce neither. Later, bus owner Dinesh Yadav sent Ram Singh to court to pay the fine of Rs 2,200 and get the bus released. But Singh could not produce either document in court,\" said an officer.The revelation is being seen as a new front between chief minister Sheila Dikshit and police. While Dikshit wants the police made accountable to the city government, her son and MP, Sandeep Dikshit , has called for the removal of police commissioner Neeraj Kumar.Joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg fired the first salvo on Friday, using the traffic police's Facebook page to highlight how the bus had repeatedly returned to the road over the last two years.\"Bus involved in ghastly gang rape had been challaned eight times and impounded six times in the years 2011 and 2012. Could harsher penalty structure have prevented this inhuman crime: Well, on 21st July 2012 the most infamous man in the country, Ram Singh, the prime accused in this gang rape case, was apprehended by traffic police doing exactly the same violations which he did on the fateful day, namely, picking up passengers unauthorizedly in the same chartered bus (DL1PC 0149) and the bus was impounded,'' said Garg. Sources said the bus' permit had expired on March 8.The bus was impounded this year on February 14, May 18 and July 21. Last year, it was impounded on March 18, May 21 and November 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17803571", "title": "Road safety week to be held in first week of January", "text": "PUNE: The ministry of road transport and highways has observed that over one lakh people get killed every year in road accidents. There is an urgent need for adopting various road safety measures. As part of the awareness campaign, a 'road safety week' will be observed throughout the country in the first week of January.The ministry has stated that the theme for this year's road safety week - 'Stay Alive, Don't Drink and Drive' - focuses on the risks to road users because of drunk driving. Last week, the traffic police along with various citizens groups and NGOs distributed cards at various road junctions to create awareness against drunk driving.Suggesting various activities during the road safety week, the ministry said that public transport system needs to be upgraded and that special bus ways or bus lanes should be created. There should be rationalisation of all routes and a plan for optimum use of public transport.Emphasising on better management of traffic system, the ministry said that traffic flow at major intersections needs to be evaluated, and that measures for traffic signal synchronisation and redesigning on intersections should be done.Parking on arterial roads and primary roads should be banned. There should be separate provision for cycle tracks, and parking facilities. Sidewalks should be properly designed and maintained. Focusing on motorcycle riders, the ministry said that only one pillion rider should be allowed on two-wheelers and that all riders should wear helmets.The ministry has emphasised the need for better road infrastructure, construction of truck terminals and creation of grade separators to avoid mixing of fast and slow moving vehicles. Strict action should be taken against overspeeding, unauthorised parking and overloading of vehicles. School buses, the ministry said, should have adequate safety measures and awareness programmes should be held in schools and colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17801612", "title": "Brace for a sunny yet chilly weekend", "text": "NEW DELHI: The dense blanket of fog which had enveloped Delhi for the past few days lifted on Friday morning but there was no respite for shivering Delhiites with the minimum temperature dipping to 6.3\u00c2\u00b0C.The Met office attributed the chill to easterly winds blowing from neighbouring Uttar Pradesh, which is reeling under cold wave conditions. Lucknow recorded 2.8\u00c2\u00b0C and Agra 2.9\u00c2\u00b0C. With the cold winds from UP expected to blow during the weekend as well, there's little chance of fog over Delhi now. On Friday, Ayanagar was the coldest area in the capital at 4.4\u00c2\u00b0C.Although easterly winds, which normally cause an increase in temperature, blew over Delhi, both maximum and minimum temperatures remained on the lower side. Met officials said this was due to cold wave conditions in neighbouring Uttar Pradesh, from where the wind was blowing. \"Friday's minimum temperature in Lucknow was 2.8 degrees Celsius, it was 2.9 degrees in Agra and 4.8 degrees in Bareilly. This is a departure of four to 10 degrees from the normal for this time of the year. Because of this, the winds are colder and have brought down the temperature in Delhi as well,\" said a Met official.With similar wind conditions expected on Saturday, sources said formation of dense fog \u00e2\u20ac\u201d visibility below 50m \u00e2\u20ac\u201d was difficult. RK Jenamani, director in-charge of IGI Met, said dense fog had formed over the airport between Thursday night and Friday morning but the runway visual range fell only up to 225 metres, hence there were no flight disruptions.\"Very dense fog had already formed over Amritsar and Lucknow by 8.30pm on Friday. However, the wind over Delhi will ensure that even if dense fog sets over the city, visibility will not drop enough to disrupt air traffic. It is difficult to say what the fog situation will be in the coming days as it is based on the wind pattern, which is not clear so far,\" he said.Delhi's maximum temperature on Friday was 19 degrees Celsius, two degrees below normal. Jafarpur and the Ridge recorded the lowest maximum temperatures at 15.3 degrees and 15.4 degrees Celsius, respectively. Ayanagar had the lowest minimum with the temperature down to 4.4 degrees Celsius.\"Cold day conditions existed in some places in Punjab, Haryana and Delhi, and are likely to continue for another day or so. Mist or shallow fog is also possible during the morning hours,\" said a Met official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "17803424", "title": "Villagers talk of NREGS woes", "text": "KORAPUT: Commissioner-cum-secretary of panchayati raj department Aparajita Sarangi was flooded with complaints related to non-payment of wages under MGNREGS, misappropriation of funds under Indira Awas Yojana (IAY) and absence of officials at the block headquarters during her two-day visit to Koraput, which concluded on Thursday.\"Though eight months have passed since completion of at least five road works under the MGNREGS at Kumargandha panchayat in Lamataput block, the labourers are yet to get their wages. We had approached the block officers but to no avail,\" said Lamataput sarpanch Purnima Khemundu.Along with Khemundu, about 15 sarpanchs of Lamataput block alleged of non-payment of wages under the central employment scheme in the block. \"The block is without a permanent block development officer since a long time and people coming to the block headquarters are facing problems with most officers remaining away from their seats,\" alleged Khemundu.While at least 33 IAY beneficiaries from Atanda panchayat of Nandapur block alleged misappropriation of funds, farmers of Bhusangaguda in Kundra block complained that they are being ignored by the agriculture department .\"I have directed the collector to inquire into misappropriation of funds under the IAY and submit a report by January 5. The project director of DRDA has also been asked to inquire into the allegations of non-payment of wages under MGNREGS in Lamataput block. The officers have been directed to pay wages within 10 days to the labourers,\" said Sarangi, who is also the nodal secretary of Koraput.Taking stock of various development works in the district, Sarangi instructed the BDOs to tour villages for at least 15 days in a month. \"Concerned departments have been asked to spend the MGNREGS funds before the completion of the current financial year,\" she said in the review meeting on Thursday. She instructed the officers to put up the helpline telephone number of the panchayati raj department at all panchayat offices in the district.Sarangi along with officers of her department reached Koraput on Wednesday. The officers divided into eight teams and visited 12 out of 14 blocks of the district and submitted their reports to the secretary. Sarangi visited Laxmipur, Koraput and Lamataput blocks and reviewed various poverty alleviation programmes launched by the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "17802473", "title": "Bandh peaceful in coastal region", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: The coastal region remained peaceful and calm with the all-party meeting chaired by Union home minister Sushilkumar Shinde on Telangana ending inconclusively on Friday. Although educational institutions observed a bandh following a call given by the Students' Joint Action Committee, no other activity was seen anywhere in the region after the all-party meet. Reacting on the development, senior TDP leader Kodela Sivaprasada Rao said it was now in the hands of the Centre to take a final call on the issue.He found fault with the TRS chief K Chandrasekhar Rao for targeting the TDP even though the Congress was the main hurdle for taking a decision on Telangana. Sources said Seemandhra region leaders decided not to overreact on the Delhi developments as the meeting had ended to their satisfaction.\"The meeting clearly showed that the Centre is not keen on the bifurcation of the state and hence we can wait for some more time before reacting,\" Congress legislator Malladi Vishnu said. He said the Centre would consider all the issues before taking a decision on Telangana.Political Joint Action Committee led by Acharya Nagarjuna University (ANU) professor C Narasimha Rao expressed serious displeasure over the Centre dilly-dallying on the issue. \"Neither the Centre nor political parties from the state is ready to end the stalemate. Everyone is just playing a political game at the cost of the state's interests,\" he criticised. He warned the Centre of serious consequences if at all it wants to split the state as no one in the Seemandhra region is for the idea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17802320", "title": "Federal Bank offers stock options to employees", "text": "KOCHI: Aluva-based Federal Bank offered stock options to its employees for the second time since the bank had implemented the scheme in 2011. This time, the bank is offering 24 lakh shares to its staff at Rs 474 per share.The scheme covers the bank's permanent employees - from the junior most staff to the managing director - giving them an opportunity to own stocks.\"While the spirit of the scheme is to enable all employees to become owners of the bank in which they work, it is worth noting that the market has displayed faith in the bank's performance and its potential to grow and remain profitable,\" the bank said in a statement.The maximum permissible number of options that can be granted as per shareholder approval is 5% of the total paid-up equity share capital, presently equal to 85,51,650 shares.In 2011, the bank granted 34,72,020 shares at Rs 420.65 per share.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17806241", "title": "Karan Kashyyap talks about Zindagi Jalebi!", "text": "Film maker Karan Kashyyap chose the platform of YouTube to promote his double meaning song 'Fat Gai' from his upcoming film which is interestingly titled 'Zindagi Jalebi'.Those who are not aware of Karan Kashyyap, he is India's only director who shot his film 'Six Hour's With Terrorists' in only one take. The film is based on 26/11 terrorist attacks and was mentioned in the Guinness Book of World Records 2011. 'Six Hour's With Terrorists' is enjoying it's Film Festival runs, Meanwhile, Karan is ready with his first-ever debut satire comedy called 'Zindagi Jalebi' which will have some new faces such as Avinash Bhargava, Leena, Samarth Chaturvedi.\"I am very happy that my film Six Hour's is being appreciated in Film Festivals and my next film Zindagi Jalebi which is also my first debut feature film is ready for release. Six Hour's is totally a dark film which was made keeping International Viewer's in mind, While, Zindagi Jalebi is a comedy about situations in a common man's life,\" said Karan Kashyyap.The director has launched the song 'Fat Gai' on the internet. The song draws extreme similarities from Delhi Belly's song 'Bhaag D.K.Bose' which was taunted to be the most notorious double-meaning song in the history of Indian Cinema. Karan adds, \"The song Fat Gai is not a dirty or a double meaning song. In fact it's a bold song that speaks about problems faced by a common man in his daily life.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "bellary (karna)", "code": "17805771", "title": "Ten injured as Hyderabad-Kholapur Express collides with goods train", "text": "BELLARY (KARNA): Ten passengers were injured when the Hyderabad-Kholapur Express collided with a goods train near here on Saturday morning, police said.The passengers, who suffered minor injuries, were given first aid, police said.According to preliminary reports, failure of a signal was stated to be the reason for the mishap.Two bogies behind the engine of the Express train have been damaged due to the impact of the collision.The goods train was bound for Andhra Pradesh with mining material.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17803613", "title": "Grand plans when financial health is precarious", "text": "AURANGABAD: The Aurangabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) had set tasks for 2012 that would change the life of citizens. Be it solid waste management, streamlining the congested traffic or improving the drainage system, the civic body has set high targets.It had planned round-the-clock water supply, construction of wide roads and new drainage system and new garbage management plan. The year also witnessed joint efforts from officials and non-officials to include the civic body in the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM).However, low recovery of taxes and mounting pressure of fiscal deficit will pose tough challenges fpr the civic body. Besides water scarcity, shortage of manpower and poor response from the tax payers will also add to its woes.The civic body is all set to give water management of the city to private players from January 1, 2013. Under the public private partnership (PPP) model, the operation and maintenance of water will be done by a concessionaire for a period for 20 years. The corporation has signed an agreement recently with a special purpose vehicle - Aurangabad City Water Utility Company Limited.Under the agreement, first six months will be allotted for various developmental activities while three years are scheduled for construction of infrastructure. The agency will be responsible for construction of pump house at Jayawadi, laying of 42 km long water pipe line, construction of water treatment plant at Faroda, construction of water tanks at eleven different places in the city, laying of internal pipelines, modernisation of Harsul water supply project and so on. The private agency will also develop parallel pipe from Jayakwadi to the city in different phases. The agency will also install water meters at every household.At present, citizens do not pay water charges as per the meter. The total project cost is Rs 792.20 crore of which the AMC will contribute Rs 399.53 crore while the special purpose vehicle will arrange for the rest. The civic bosy will pay Rs 63 crore per annum to the private agency for operation and maintenance work. At present, the AMC's annual expenditure of operation and maintenance is close to Rs 50 crore.It has also proposed underground drainage pipeline in the city under the 'Nagarothan scheme'. However, the scheme will not be carried out in localities under the 'Gunthewari development' where residents had not regularised their plots.The civic body has planned to offer free cremation in the city. Deputy mayor Sanjay Joshi had announced that the civic body would launch the scheme on the occasion of birth anniversary of late Shiv Sena supremo Bal Thackeray from January 23, 2013.Members of the Aurangabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) have passed a resolution on Monday to install a statute of their departed leader in the city. The statue would be installed at Amarpreet Square on Jalan Road in the main area of the city. The general body also passed a resolution to give Thackeray's name to the railway over bridge (ROB) being constructed at Shahnoormiyan Dargah near Shivaji Nagar. The construction work of the ROB is going on in full swing and would be completed by May 2013.EmbarrassmentsThe long list of dishonoured cheques issued by the AMC during the Diwali season had caused deep embarrassment to the officials and non-officials. The list of such cheques returned by the bank on account of insufficient balance had also exposing the financial mismanagement of the corporation at that point in time. Non-availability of fund for a cheque of meagre amount of Rs 700 displayed the AMC's pitiable financial position.The burgeoning financial loss on water supplied through tankers and water shortage in the region have made it impossible for the Aurangabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) to arrange additional tankers in the city. Despite of rising demand for tankers from people's representatives and large number of affected citizens, the corporation has expressed its inability to solve water problems.EffortsA delegation of the corporation had met Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, union urban development minister Kamal Nath and Union Minister for Housing and Urban Poverty Alleviation, Ajay Maken in New Delhi and gave a memorandum requesting them to include the civic body in the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission - II (JNNURM - II).AchievementsIn the field of education, the civic body had appointed 38 new headmasters at its school. Earlier, there were only six headmasters in the total 77 schools. 82 shikshak sewaks were regularised by the corporation in the year. Salaries of 139 balwadi teachers were hike from Rs 1,800 per month to Rs 3,000 per month. Similarly, the monthly salaries of balwadi sevikas was also increased.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17803623", "title": "Women log in to show they care", "text": "LUDHIANA: Moved by the horrific Delhi gang rape, a group of six women from the city have come together to create a Facebook page, \" Ludhiana cares\" to enhance security for women through social networking. They will meet the police commissioner to formulate a set of rules in this regard.The group, which met at Ivanna Institute of Fashion Technology includes chairperson of the LMA Women's forum Harpreet Soin, senior vice-chairperson, FICCI-FLO and Punjab Thalassemia Welfare Society president Komal Agarwal, BCM Arya School, Shastri Nagar principal Paramjit Kaur, chairperson, FICCI- FLO Rashmi Bector, Kitty Bakshi and Navneet Kaur who are associated with Nirdosh School, associate director, INIFD Amardeep Lall and director, Ivanna Institute of Fashion Technology Manmeet Sodhia.Institute director Manmeet Sodhia said with women being involved in professional activities, steps need to be taken to provide them with a safe environment. \"Since women in Ludhiana are actively involved in all spheres of social and professional life, they need full support of the administration and the society. Marginalization on the basis of gender is outdated and should be discouraged,\" she asserted.Group member Kitty Bakshi questioned the huge security accorded to VIPs when women constituted a vulnerable group. \"We will actively promote this cause. It is strongly felt that VIP security must be scaled down to free police personnel for the security of city residents,\" she said.Besides other steps, members also plan to spread awareness by putting up posters at women's restrooms at malls.Keep safeInstalling surveillance cameras at parks, parking lots, food jointsDistrict police women cell to have at least one helpline number for women, operational at all timesBan on public or private vehicles with dark glasses and curtains24-hour deployment of a woman officer by the PCRSafety articles like pepper spray to be made readily availableGirls to be trained in self defence and boys to be made gender sensitiveHelping girls and women understand how to handle harassmentEmployability of underprivileged, imparting of professional skills and facilitating employment through various trade bodiesTo encourage schools and colleges to make sex education part of the curriculum", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "singapore", "code": "17804846", "title": "Family hopes girl's death will make India safer for women", "text": "SINGAPORE: The distraught family of the young gang-rape victim hopes her death will contribute to making India a safer place for woman, an Indian diplomat said on Saturday.Indian high commissioner TCA Raghavan said the family was \"deeply affected\" by the death of the woman who was brutally raped and tortured in a moving bus in Delhi on December 16 and left to die by a roadside.But the family was also moved by a large number of messages of support they had received from everywhere, Raghavan told the media.\"They hope that the death of their child will lead to a better future for women in Delhi and India,\" he quoted them as saying.The gang-rape victim was shifted out of Delhi's Safdarjung Hospital to Singapore on Thursday in a desperate bid to save ber life after she suffered multi-organ failure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17802512", "title": "Assam to host international tourism mart", "text": "GUWAHATI: After the Asean-India Car Rally flag down ceremony, Assam will host an international tourism mart with the participation of representatives from Southeast Asia , Saarc, Asean and European countries here from January 18 to 20 next year.The objective behind the event is to showcase the northeast as a tourist destination to Asean, European and Saarc countries.Tourism ministers, diplomats and representatives from tourism sectors of Asean countries will take part in the event.Among the Saarc countries, representatives from Bangladesh will take part in the event. There will also be participation from Germany, France, Italy, Switzerland, USA and UK. Representatives from South Korea will also take part in the tourism event.\"The event has been organized with the help of the Union ministry of tourism to promote the northeast as a potential tourist destination and also to showcase the tourism products available in the region,\" Assam tourism minister Chandan Brahma said here on Friday.Assam tourism principal secretary H S Das said that along with the eight northeastern states including Sikkim , West Bengal will also take part in the event.\"The basic intention is to involve the eastern part of India with the northeast as an integral tour circuit. That is why West Bengal has come forward to be part of the event. This will help in promoting tourism in the region as well,\" Das explained.The tourism mart will be followed by the 10th annual convention of the Adventure Tour Operators Association of India (ATOAI) that will be held from January 20 to 22.The convention has been organized in sync with the international tourism event so that business-level talks are held among the tour operators from abroad and from the region.\"The northeast is now the upcoming chapter of tourism in the country. We want to see substantial growth of foreign tourist flow in the northeast,\" ATOAI convention chairman Sanjay Basu said.ATOAI adviser Captain Swadesh Kumar said that through the event, new tourism products will be explored and marketed for the growth of tourism in the region.Assam played host to 44,08,336 domestic and 16,660 foreign tourists in 2011-12 against 41,27,447 domestic and 15,663 foreign visitors in 2010-11. This fiscal till December, the number of domestic tourists reached 35,82,373 and in case of foreign tourists, the number touched 9,047.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17802743", "title": "Health department holds mock drill for Kumbh Mela", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Joint teams of health department and district administration on Friday conducted a mock emergency drill on Kumbh Mela campus.As part of the exercise, a message was received at the emergency wing of the central hospital (helpline number 1946) asking them to dispatch ambulances to take victims to central hospital for treatment.As the message was aired, three ambulances, each equipped with a doctor, pharmacist, two ward boys, bomb blast kit, burn kit and oxygen cylinders were dispatched by the officials. The officials posted at central hospital, apart from coordinating with medical teams, also recorded the feedback timings regarding the contingency plan.Joint Director and in charge of medical services, Major (Dr) BP Singh said, \"It was a joint exercise to access the reaction time and medical teams were dispatched to the aforesaid spots within minutes\". He added that with the help of mock drill, the medical and para-medical staff were apprised about their actions to provide best treatment to the victims.Major Singh added that the mock drill was not only aimed to take feedback of services but also apprise the medical and para-medical staff on the measures to be taken under the contingency plan.The health department, keeping an eye on eventualities like bomb explosion, stampede, burn injuries and drowning, has already constituted QRMT (Quick Response Medical Teams) to offer medical services to the victims under its disaster management strategy for Kumbh.The department has also set up 300 quick response medical kits (QRMKs) each for explosion, stampede, burn injuries and drowning during Kumbh and medical teams equipped with the kits are available at central hospital, zonal hospitals, infectious disease hospital and police hospital.Officials have been asked to offer medical services and shift injured to hospitals and if there is delay, medical teams would be acting on stay and play policy.Major Singh said that the department has drafted a plan and victims in need of urgent surgery and resuscitation would be shifted to hospital. Under the second stage, victims who need emergency surgery and resuscitation would be taken to hospitals and under the third phase, the remaining of those who have minor injuries would be shifted to hospitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17802177", "title": "Parents allege baby swap at hospital, demand DNA test", "text": "CHENNAI: There was high drama at the Government Hospital for Women and Children in Egmore on Friday when a couple picked up a quarrel with the authorities alleging that their baby had been 'swapped'. The trouble began when a nurse by mistake, showed a boy to the couple, who had in fact had a girl.Police said Anbarasan, a 27-year-old coolie from Velapanchavadi near Poonamallee, got his wife Aruna, 21, admitted to the hospital on Tuesday after she developed labour pain. Around the same time, Munirathnam, a 30-year-old coolie from Tiruttani, about 80km from Chennai, admitted his wife Gowthami, 27, to the hospital.On Thursday evening, almost simultaneously, Aruna delivered a boy, while Gowthami gave birth to a girl. Subsequently, the hospital staff tied tokens to the hands of the two women and their babies as per the rules. Later, on receiving the information, Munirathnam came to the ward to see his child and the nurse who was on duty at that time showed him a boy.Munirathram was excited as he and his wife wanted a boy. They already have a daughter. But the man's happiness was short-lived when the nurse came back to him and apologized saying that she had shown him the wrong baby.Sources said the nurse instead of taking a baby from Gowthami's bed took the child from Aruna's bed and showed it to Gowthami's husband. The staff was a little confused about the patient's name and this resulted in the error, sources said.When the nurse told him of the mistake, an enraged Munirathnam picked a quarrel with her. He alleged that the hospital staff had interchanged the babies and demanded a DNA test to establish the truth.When contacted, officials at the hospital said all the allegations would be looked into and if any error came to light, strict action would be taken against those involved.\"We are prepared to conduct a DNA test. We have asked the family to file an FIR since we can't authorize a DNA test without it. We have nothing to hide,\" said a doctor at the hospital. \"If our staff is at fault, we will take stringent action,\" the doctor added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17806668", "title": "Film, theatre artists to hold march in Mumbai", "text": "Theatre and film personalities along with common people will hold a silent march here Saturday following the death of the Delhi gang-rape victim, said veteran actress and social activist Shabana Azmi .\"Citizens of Mumbai including theatre, film personalities lead silent march at 5:30 p.m. today from Juhu Beach Gandhi Statue to Kaifi Azmi Park,\" Shabana shared on Twitter.The 23-year-old girl, who put up a brave battle for life after she was gang-raped and brutally assaulted in a moving bus in Delhi Dec 16, died Saturday morning in a hospital in Singapore .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17801463", "title": "Fleet cab operators plan more services", "text": "MUMBAI: Fleet cab operators plying exclusively for women have submitted a proposal to the state government to expand by five times. Transport department sources said there were plans to issue more permits to operators running special services for women.\"There is an urgent need for more taxis exclusively for women, especially those who travel alone from home to the workplace and back, and from airports and prominent railways stations,\" said Susiben Shah of Priyadarshini Cabs. She said she met chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and senior transport department officials and demanded a new policy which allows women fleet cab operators to expand operations. \"I am not saying all men who ply cabs are monsters or that it is completely unsafe to travel in cabs run by men. But women should be given an option. Several women would prefer a cab driven by women. Such cabs will ensure safe commute at night and early in the morning,\" she stated.Priyadarshini Cabs has a fleet of 20 and plans to increase it to more than 100 by early next year.\"The government should expedite our request for new permits and we will immediately launch the new cabs,\" she said.Another fleet cab operator, Viira Cabs, has a fleet of 20, run by trained women. \"We provide three-and-a-half months' exhaustive training to women and also self-employment. We ensure the drivers are polite, aware of the city's roads/topography and can converse in two to three languages. Since we train them in all aspects, women can expect a safe and smooth journey,\" said Preeti Sharma Menon of Viira Cabs. She too said she has submitted a memorandum to the government seeking more permits.\"It is high time we are concerned about women's safety and provide facilities for women to travel safely round-the-clock. We plan to expand to 70 cabs by 2013,\" she stated.Menon also felt the need for the government to start training institutes for women drivers. \"The state should support training women as commercial drivers. Viira would like to train more women, even for driving school buses, but we have to bear huge costs. The women who enroll at our training institute cannot afford it and we often sponsor them,\" she added.A senior transport department official said, \"We have received requests from women fleet cab operators. We will consider issuing more permits very soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17802106", "title": "Wishes from the last partygoers", "text": "KOLKATA: They are battling for their lives, but the struggle hasn't snuffed out their fighting spirit. They could be ill, weak and too frail to ring in the New Year with a blast. But they will share their experiences, exchange notes and have a quiet dinner together.Around 60 cancer patients from Kolkata and the outskirts will come together at a city hospital to celebrate December 31. They will be writing down the experiences of the last one year of their battle against the terminal disease and also put down their plans for 2013.Organized by doctors at the Netaji Subhas Cancer Research Institute (NSCRI), the idea is to let these patients, many of whom may not live to see another New Year's-Eve, a chance to make the most of a happy occasion.Their writings will be compiled into a book \"Amader Katha\" (Our tales). \"This will not only help these patients look ahead and draw inspiration from one another's stories, the book will serve as a motivation to cancer patients in future. They can take heart from the fact that these cancer patients had a decent life and they didn't lose the will to battle and defeat the disease,\" said Adityanarayan Sen, surgical oncologist.The youngest is four years old and the oldest 80. They will each have 10 hours - between noon and midnight - to write their experiences of the year.A small party has been planned in the evening that will be joined by the patients' families as well. \"There will be a short programme in which they will take part. Candles will be lit and they will have snacks in the evening. A light dinner of chicken and rice will be served,\" said Ashish Mukhopadhyay, director of NSCRI.The patients' writings, however, will not be read out or disclosed immediately. They will be compiled, edited and analyzed before being turned into a book.\"We expect these writings to provide valuable insights on how a cancer patient's mind works. Since these patients are at various stages of the disease, it will let us know exactly how they feel and how bravely they are fighting cancer. Their concerns, fears and dreams will also come to the fore. It will be a valuable data for our cancer therapies are based on studies of foreign patients. Due to the vastly different economic and social climate in India, our patients have to be treated differently. We expect this compilation to be step in that direction,\" said Sen.The book will be embellished with survival stories of Indian icons. Yuvraj Singh and Manisha Koirala could feature prominently. \"Both have taken cancer head on and gone through the treatment in the right spirit. While Yuvraj has made a valiant return to cricket, Manisha, too, looks set for a quick recovery. Their stories are bound to boost the morale of patients,\" said Sen.Oncologist Gautam Mukhopadhyay felt the idea was a novel one and should help doctors gauge patients' emotional state. \"It will also help doctors assess their mental alertness. This will allow us to look at patients more closely,\" said Mukhopadhyay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17797003", "title": "Facebook video deleted? View it in file browser", "text": "LONDON: After the launch of a new Facebook app which erases pictures and messages within 10 seconds of being sent, a tech news site has found that videos sent to iPhones via Snapchat can be reviewed using a file browser.Buzzfeed has found that videos sent via smartphone app Snapchat - which should disappear after a few seconds - can be preserved and reviewed.Snapchat has proved popular as it deletes sensitive photos and videos after a short delay.Snapchat said such \"reverse engineering\" was always going to be possible.Using a widely available file-browsing computer programme Katie Notopoulos, a staff reporter at Buzzfeed, found that Snapchat and its Facebook equivalent Poke kept copies of videos that should be deleted. The ability to send video via Snapchat was introduced on December 14, the BBC reported.When videos were loaded but not opened, it was possible to get at and view these copies when users connected their iPhone to a computer and used a file browser to look through its internal memory, Notopoulos discovered.If videos were not viewed, she found, they were stored in a folder called \"tmp\" by Snapchat or \"mediacard\" on Facebook's Poke. Copying the files in these folders to a hard drive stopped them being automatically deleted.Snapchat is also available on Google Android phones. Notopoulos did not try to find out if videos were preserved in the same way on such smartphones.However, earlier in December Snapchat did issue a patch for a bug that put permanent versions of unwatched videos into the media gallery on Android phones.Snaptchat founder Evan Spiegel told Notopoulos that those who enjoyed the service the most would not go to such lengths to view videos.\"There will always be ways to reverse engineer technology products - but that spoils the fun!\" he wrote.Facebook has not yet commented on Buzzfeed's findings, the report said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17803193", "title": "Women demand", "text": "Greater dignity, equality, autonomy and rights for women and girls from a society that should stop questioning and policing their actions at every step.Immediate legal, medical, financial and psychological assistance and long-term rehabilitation measures must be provided to survivors of sexual assaultThat the police should do its duty to ensure that public spaces are free from harassment, molestation and assault. Policemen themselves will have to stop sexually assaulting women who come to make complaintsPolice should register all FIRs and attend to complaintsCCTV cameras should be set up in all police stations and swift action must be taken against errant police personnelImmediate setting up of fast track courts for rape and other forms of sexual violence throughout the countryState acknowledges the reality of custodial violence against women in many parts of the country, especially in Jammu and Kashmir , north east and ChhattisgarhThere are several pending cases and government should take immediate steps to punish the guilty and to ensure that these incidents of violence are not allowed to be repeated", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "hassan", "code": "17803612", "title": "7 held for raping Hassan girl", "text": "HASSAN: Seven men were on Friday arrested for allegedly kidnapping and raping a 15-year-old dalit girl. The accused, which includes a relative of the girl, allegedly kept the minor in custody and raped her for nine days.The girl was offered a job at a garment shop by her relative Putta. She was taken from her home in a village in Alur taluk on December 18. Later, Putta and his friends raped her, first in Settihalli church area, Kattaya hobli, 25km from Hassan. She was abandoned at Hassan bus stand on December 19.The girl's trauma continued as Dayanand, a mobile shop-owner, took her to Gendekette forest area and other places near Hassan industrial area and raped her along with his friends.By Friday morning, police arrested Dayanand and four of his friends, Shekar, Dilip, Dilip and Mohan. The girl revealed a few names, which helped police nab the culprits. Police are investigating to find the involvement of more men in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17803738", "title": "Conference highlights food security, pesticide safety", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Day two of the National Biodiversity Conference, organized by the Kerala State Biodiversity Board as a part of the National Biodiversity Congress and Expo-2012, saw the brightest minds and experts in the field of biodiversity from across the country coming together to learn and exchange views on biodiversity conservation and varieties.The first session of the conference, titled 'Food Security through Organic Farming', started with a lecture by Renee M Borges from the Centre for Ecological Sciences, Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore.\"We are aware of ants benefitting from the nectar produced by plants. But how many of us know that the ants and earthworms provide an equal nutrient benefit to the plant in return. This is the diversity in the biosphere of this planet,\" Borges said.DR Anil Kumar , director of MS Swaminathan Research Foundation, Wayanad, said cognitive action is very weak in India. \"The plant scientist is only bothered about his/her work, the insect scientist thinks his research is the most important, it's this compartmentalization between scientists and policy makers that is a big impediment to sustainable utilization of biodiversity,\" he said.Sreejith Aravaindakshan, Faculty of Life Sciences, University of Copenhagen, Denmark, highlighted the need for an institutional mechanism to address pesticide safety in India. \"India, the second largest horticulture producer in the world, is a failed exporter as it could not abide by world pesticide standards,\" said Sreejith. V C Malarmannan emphasised the goodness of tulsi. He spearheads the Global Green Growth Group, which encourages individuals to plant tulsi and gives away free saplings.\"Tulsi gives oxygen for 20 hours and Ozone for four hours. The plant plays a phenomenal role in absorbing carbon dioxide from the air. Over one lakh tulsi saplings were planted around the Taj Mahal to absorb industrial air to preserve the structure,\" he said.The four-day conference being held at the Kanakakunnu Palace, Thiruvananthapuram, will conclude on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17801194", "title": "Greater flamingo spotted at Dhado wetland", "text": "PANAJI: A rare winter visitor to Goa flew in for Christmas , much to the delight of some bird lovers, as it also marked the culmination of a few uncommon sightings late this year.The greater flamingo (Phoenicopterus roseus) is hardly seen in Goa, but was spotted on the evening of December 25, at the Dhado wetland, a marshy area with water bodies adjacent to the more popular birding spot of Carambolim lake.\"I was startled to see this handsome beauty through my binoculars, wading deep in the wetland,\" said Paresh Gosavi, a birder and member of the Goa bird conservation network (GBCN).\"This lone individual may have strayed away from the flock and finally found Dhado conducive as a feeding ground,\" he added.The greater flamingos, which get their pink tinge from the beta carotene-rich food, can be found in a few thousands in Sewri, Mumbai. They breed in the Rann of Kutch, Gujarat, and are known to prefer shallow and salty water bodies.They are also known to prefer seclusion.The long-legged and long-necked individual with a hooked bill spotted at Dhado was about 145 cm tall.GBCN members and bird lovers are hoping it acts as an ambassador for the Dhado wetland that is tucked away in the marshy land between Cumbarjua canal and Carambolim lake. \"We hope this individual will return home and tell others about the safe haven of Dhado wetland,\" smiled Gosavi.Flamingos, whose fossil remains date back to over 30 million years, put their heads down as they feed and adjust their bills accordingly. \"The flamingo is a filter feeder and throws its head back and expels the water through the tiny filters in the beak,\" a birder explained.Heinz Lainer, a veteran birder, reported the sighting of a pair of pied avocet to GBCN in late November. Known for its up-curved beak, the migrant from Europe, was recorded for the first time. Birders had also spotted bar tailed godwit and ferruginous pochard, also uncommon visitors last month. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17802155", "title": "Gang rape case: Ashram school headmaster suspended", "text": "NASHIK: The headmaster of the government ashram school at Palsan in Surgana taluka of Nashik district, where a girl student was allegedly gang-raped on Sunday, was on Friday suspended for keeping the tribal department authorities in the dark.\"The headmaster, D S Devre \u00e2\u20ac\u201d who learnt that the girl was missing from the school along with a boy from the same school \u00e2\u20ac\u201d rusticated them but did not inform the project office of the (tribal development department), which is mandatory in such cases,\" Gajendra Kendre, project officer of the Kalwan tribal project, that includes the Palsan ashram school, told TOI.Three suspects have been remanded in police custody till January 7.When the school authorities learnt that the girl and the boy were missing, they informed the school committee that both students had been rusticated.The alleged rape happened on December 23 and senior officials learned about it through an anonymous call next day, after which officials of the Kalwan Project Office rushed to Palsan and Bhormal, where the girl is from, about 15 km away from the school. The officials tried to persuade family members to register a police complaint on the night of December 23.\"The family did not want to register a police complaint fearing social stigma. The victim has three sisters and the family gave the same in writing to the tribal department officials and the police,\" officials from tribal department said. The officials said that the school, which started in 1972, has 827 students on its rolls, besides the necessary facilities like toilets, drinking water, and a woman rector who monitors the health cards of the girls. \"However, most of the tribals are still reluctant to use the same,\" an official said.The girl has stated in her complaint that two youths raped her while two of their accomplices caught her on Sunday when she had gone to attend nature's call in the woods near her school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17802815", "title": "Theatres offering \u00e2\u20ac\u02dctweet seats\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 to mobile addicts", "text": "LONDON: A US theatre is the latest to offer 'tweet seats' where audience members are encouraged to post comments about the performance on the social messaging sites without distracting others.The Guthrie Theatre in Minnesota , has formalized a growing trend in theatre audiences to use their phones from within auditoria by giving obsessive tweeters a section of their own. Management has roped off a special balcony-level section of the theatre \"that will not be disruptive to other patrons\" for the latest run of The Servant With Two Masters , the 'Daily Mail' reported. The Guthrie is not the first arts institution to cater specifically for, and even encourage, Twitter users. Others like The Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra, Palm Beach Opera in Florida and the Public Theater in NY have all reportedly experimented with special sections for visitors who can't keep off their phones.Critics in UK are expressing mixed feelings about the increasing tendency of audiences to reach for their phones during performances. \"There's little doubt that it disturbs other audience members, and probably even cast members,\" wrote David Lister in The Independent.In a classic case of 'if you can't beat 'em, join 'em' , theatres offering tweet seats make an effort to locate them in an area where smartphone glow will not distract other customers , the report said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17801212", "title": "Now, full moon parties keep turtles off Morjim beach", "text": "PANAJI: Turtle lovers were expecting the full moon on Friday night to woo olive ridley turtles to Morjim and Mandrem, instead the prime habitat has turned into a party zone.\"A full moon beach party was held by a club at Morjim with an entrance fee of 1,000 on Thursday, and at least three events are in progress at both beaches at the moment,\" a local resident told TOI on Friday. A source said that the parties are being held within 200 m of the high tide line and blaring music and laser lights were flashing in the sky at Ashwem at least till 10.30pm. One of the venues was close to a place of worship and next to a lifeguard's tower. Details of the full moon parties are splashed on the website, 'What's Up Goa'.Repeated attempts to contact the north Goa collector, the Pernem deputy collector and other authorities proved futile.A villager also complained of similar lack of success in trying to get authorities to act on the violations.The flippered visitors generally surface on full moon nights. Only two nestings have been reported at the two North Goa beaches, though the season is almost half through.Environmentalists have raised a concern over the late night partying with music and lights. \"You can't tell the turtles we are partying here, so go elsewhere. The Morjim beach is eroded, and they can come up further along the whole stretch,\" an activist said.The Morjim beach was flooded with over 300 deck beds last weekend and the tourism department cleared this with a raid on December 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17803428", "title": "Tirupati's empire under crime branch glare", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Hi-Tech Group chairman Tirupati Panigrahi's education empire has come under the glare of the Crime Branch, after his real estate firm was accused of duping customers.Panigrahi was arrested on Tuesday on charges of fraudulent land deals in Bhubaneswar.The Crime Branch suspected that Panigrahi, who collected crores of rupees from several people and allegedly did not provide them with plots, illegally diverted huge sum of money to some of his professional educational colleges, sources said.\"Functioning of all technical colleges and medical colleges run by him (Panigrahi) would come under the ambit of our investigation. We will verify if he used the misappropriated money of real estate firm in his education business,\" ADG (Crime Branch) B K Sharma told TOI.Panigrahi owns real estate firms, two private medical colleges and several professional educational institutes under the business conglomerate Hi-Tech Group, across Odisha.A trial court here on Friday granted permission to the Crime Branch to take Panigrahi and two others, also arrested on accusations of \"land fraud\", on remand for questioning on Saturday and Sunday.Crime Branch sources said Panigrahi floated six dubious land schemes here under his sister concern Rajdhani Estates and Promoters Limited and mopped up at least Rs 100 crore from each scheme.\"The shocking part of the story is that he did not have sufficient land bank, even though he promised buyers of plots,\" a source said.\"He conned people with clinical precision. We will now register a series of cases against him, at least one case against each land scheme,\" Sharma said. \"We have received complaints from many people from the state as well as from outside and even abroad. We hope to elicit more information after taking him on remand on Saturday,\" the Crime Branch chief said.Sources said the sub-divisional judicial magistrate here directed the Crime Branch to lodge a separate case against Panigrahi following a complaint petition lodged by a victim.Earlier Panigrahi landed in trouble after a man lodged a complaint against him on December 23, alleging that Rajdhani Estates and Promoters Limited cheated him and his brother with the false promise of giving them land at Sundarpada on the outskirts of Bhubaneswar. The Hi-Tech functionaries have since been rubbishing the allegations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17807341", "title": "Women duped of Rs 60,000", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A woman was duped by a man who stole her cash and jewellery worth Rs 60,000. The woman has filed a complaint for theft with Shaherkotda police.According to investigators, Champa Solanki, a resident of Anand Flats, Bapunagar, had been to Memco crossroads and had withdrawn Rs 50,000. She had kept the cash along with two gold earrings worth Rs 10,000 in a purse.\"As per her complaint when she was walking from near the bank, a man from nearby tea stall told her that there was a bug crawling on her back and offered her help. He handed over her bag to a youth and started cleaning her back with a piece of cloth. After a while, he gave her the bag back,\" said a Shaherkotda police official.When she checked the contents, she found the purse stolen, said investigators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17801193", "title": "India decides to fight back aggressive China", "text": "NEW DELHI: Foreign minister Salman Khurshid held his first conversation with his Chinese counterpart Yang Jiechi only last week. National Security Advisor (NSA) Shivshankar Menon will once again host the outgoing state councillor Dai Bingguo in early January for a meeting of BRICS NSAs after having met him only a few weeks ago. The new year will also see a new Chinese ambassador in New Delhi in Wei Wei, a senior Chinese diplomat who will take over from Zhang Yan.On the face of it, India and China have had a minimal-problem year. \"Our aim is to have more interaction, more exchanges, to help us understand each other better,\" said senior government sources. The past year has seen much greater communication between the two governments \u00e2\u20ac\u201d India and China have started a dialogue on West Asia and Africa. A maritime dialogue and talks on central Asia are on the cards. At the top level, regular interaction between PM Manmohan Singh and both Hu Jintao and Wen Jiabao has kept channels of communication open. Even the working group on the boundary has met twice this year, while Menon recently held the second meeting with Dai Bingguo on the dispute. The Chinese defence minister Gen Liang Guanglie made his first visit to India earlier this year, as did the Chinese commerce minister. Whether this has made for better ties is questionable, but it has certainly improved communication.The complexity of the relationship is illustrated by the fact that while 2012 was the \"year of friendship\", it was also the 50th anniversary of the humiliating 1962 war. As a consequence of the former, more Chinese visited India than ever before. But the latter date reminded every Indian that China is only growing as a military challenge. The collective breast beating in India over 1962 was not matched in China, but it served a useful purpose here: to focus attention on the military challenge of living next door to a budding superpower with weapons to match and a festering territorial dispute to solve.China's rapid military modernization is a challenge that could have been easier to deal with, but it is accompanied by an ascending aggressive posture by Beijing, particularly on territorial disputes, which is putting Indian military planners on edge. The brewing China-Japan conflict over the Senkaku/Diaoyu islands and the South China Sea dispute is being followed with some interest by Indian strategic planners. Besides, it is a great exhibition of Chinese war planning.China has been steadily pushing the envelope on both conflicts. For instance, in recent weeks, China has flown surveillance planes over the Senkaku/Daioyu islands, declared that Hainan police would engage in search and seizure of vessels in the South China Sea. Beijing even printed its territorial claims on its new e-passports.New Delhi's response has been pro-active. India stamped its own map on top of China's, while others have protested diplomatically. Defence sources have pointed out that China's patrolling on the India boundary is equally aggressive, inching forward where they don't encounter a pushback. This has compelled Indian forces to patrol equally aggressively on the border.Despite a feel-good position on bilateral trade, there is no satisfaction on the ballooning trade deficit between the two countries. Bilateral trade has fallen 8% in the past year, a function of the slowing economic growth in both countries. But the trade deficit remains at a stubborn $40 billion. China's leadership has repeatedly promised to open up their markets to Indian exports of software and pharmaceuticals, but there is nothing on the ground. \"China's greatest export to India is promises,\" said officials involved in trade negotiations.This year, India worked hard to counter China's \"string of pearls\" working on relations with South Korea, Japan, Australia, Vietnam, Indonesia and Myanmar . In December, an India-ASEAN summit brought leaders of all 10 ASEAN nations to Delhi. India pushed the idea of ASEAN's centrality and its unity \u00e2\u20ac\u201d both of which are under threat because of Beijing's disruptive moves in that part of the world. The success, or otherwise, of India's efforts will only be visible a few years from now, but South Block has bought into the idea of a fight back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17805596", "title": "RIP, Nirbhaya: Pay your homage to the braveheart", "text": "NEW DELHI: A swollen brain finally got better of the fighting spirit of the 23-year-old gang-rape victim Nirbhaya (a name given to her by TOI) as she succumbed to her injuries at Singapore's Mount Elizabeth hospital at 2:15am (IST) on Saturday.You can write in your message here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17800693", "title": "Pacers did well at the death overs, says Yuvraj Singh", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Man of the Match Yuvraj Singh praised the Indian seamers for playing a leading role in India's T20 win over Pakistan on Friday. He said that the Indian bowlers have learnt from their mistakes.Man of the Series Pakistan skipper Mohammad Hafeez said that despite the loss there were plenty of positives to be taken from this match and he was very happy with the performance of his team in this series.Yuvraj said: \"It is always difficult to bowl at the death because the batsmen are settled by then and they just aim to hit each and every ball. Ashoke Dinda bowled very well, he got his yorkers right. Bhuvneshwar Kumar carried on very well from the last game and has come up as a new talent who can get better for India. Ishant, coming back from a long layoff, has taken the responsibility of the senior member in the team very well and bowled a very good last over.\"Giving credit to his team for the way it performed in the series, Hafeez said, \"There are definitely some good positives from this series. Mohammad Irfan is one, Sohaib Malik's return to form is a big positive. I think we all played good cricket in this series,\" said Hafeez.About the Friday's tie, he said: \"We couldn't bowl really well in the middle overs. Yuvi played exceptionally well and his partnership with Dhoni was the turning point in the match. We thought that if we could stop them in between 160-170 then we could chase it easily on this track but they played really well to disturb that plan.\"He added, \"I feel we didn't make enough runs between the 7th and 10th over, we didn't use that phase well despite having wickets on hand. We recovered pretty well but Dinda bowled two really good overs.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17805159", "title": "Arjun Rampal's holy New Year", "text": "The actor will indulge in some voluntary service at the Golden Temple in Amritsar and serve langar to bring in 2013He has been a part of every high profile bash in the city and hosted several more in his New Delhi club for friends visiting the national capital. And thus, when we heard that Arjun Rampal , unlike his peers has decided not to party for New Year, we were a tad bit surprised.We found out the actor and his wife are headed to a religious destination on December 31. \"They have enrolled for seva (voluntary religious service) at the Golden Temple in Amritsar,\" a source revealed.Apparently, a friend of Arjun's had put in their names in the long list of devotees wanting to undertake seva work at the temple. \"Arjun and Mehr are going to help out with the langar on January 1 at the Golden Temple. They will be leaving Mumbai tentatively on December 31,\" added the source.Arjun is however, not new to kar seva . In 2010, he had devoted some time to voluntary service at the Golden Temple. At the time he had posted on his Twitter page: \"Going to a Punjabi dhaba for dinner, then to do seva at the Golden Temple, thank you Mozezs, Mehr and Bhavna for this great experience.\"This time around, he will be accompanied by his wife Mehr Jesia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17805781", "title": "Over 1.69 lakh power theft cases registered in MP", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh Central, Eastern and Western Region Power distribution Companies checked electricity connections of 5, 71, 374 high and low-tension consumers in the state in different areas under their respective jurisdiction till the end of November during financial year 2012-13.Out of these, irregularities were detected in 1,69,479 connections. An amount of Rs 1,313785 thousand was recovered in these cases. During the period, 43835 cases of power theft or irregularities were filed in special courts.During the period, the Madhya Pradesh Eastern Region Power Distribution Company checked 87751 connections in Jabalpur, Rewa and Sagar areas and detected irregularities or power thefts in 3281 connections. Rs 1,521,18 cr were recovered from the erring consumers. The company filed 7000 cases of power theft or irregularities in special courts.The Madhya Pradesh Western Region Power Distribution Company checked 5.3 lakh connections in Indore and Ujjain areas and detected irregularities or power thefts in 97883 connections. An amount of Rs 89.98 crore was recovered from the erring consumers. The company filed 20386 cases of power theft or irregularities in courts.The Madhya Pradesh Central Region Power Distribution Company checked 1.2 lakh connections in Bhopal and Gwalior areas and detected irregularities or power thefts in 39515 connections. An amount of Rs 26.17 cr was recovered from the guilty consumers. The company filed 16449 cases of power theft or irregularities in special courts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17802303", "title": "Railway imprest cards introduced", "text": "Railway authorities of Vijayawada division introduced imprest cash cards, with the help of SBI, to avoid handling of petty cash by field officers. Releasing them on Friday, DRM Pradeep Kumar said they would help avoid cash handling up to Rs 30 lakh each month for transactions and added that 265 field officers in the division have been authorised as imprest holders .He added the cards would facilitate hassle-free payment of imprest recoupment amount which will be credited in the imprest account of SBI main branch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17802194", "title": "Civic body to streamline sewage system in Nashik", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) has prepared a plan to streamline sewage generated in the city. It includes new sewage pipelines from Anandwalli nala to Asarambapu Bridge to collect sewage water from the area below Anandwalli nala and pump it to the main pipeline located upstream Anandwalli nala.Currently, in a temporary arrangement, sewage going towards the nala can be pumped to the pipeline. Proposal for installation of a 1,240 m long pipeline from Anandwalli to Asarambapu Bridge has been sent for approval.In Satpur, diverting the sewage coming from Amrut Garden nala to the main pipeline has been suggested to prevent the water from going to the nala directly. The sewerage department has suggested that pipelines be installed from Amrut Garden nala to Satpur-Ambad Link Road and then be diverted to the main pipeline. Also, the main pipelines on either side of Nasardi river in Satpur division will be maintained and repaired annually. An engineer of the sewage department said that before and after monsoon, the pipelines should be repaired for better performance.In the Nashik - West division, a sewage pumping station with a capacity of 25 mld at Old Gangapur Pumping Station will be constructed to take the excess sewage water in the sewage pipe from Anandwalli to Chopada nala to the main pipeline at Makhmalabad that goes to Tapovan STP. This pumping station would also take care of excess sewage water in future. The construction is expected to be completed in a year. This has been included in the Kumbh Mela 2015 action plan and the Godavari action plan. Tenders have been floated for it.A similar proposal has been made for constructing a sewage pumping station of 14 mld capacity at Bhadrakali to pump the sewage water of Saraswati nala and Sharanpur Relief Sewerage and channelize it to the proposed STP at Agartakli. \"This will reduce the burden on the sewage pipe from Saraswati nala to Talkuteshwar Bridge. We will be completing this by December 2013,\" said an engineer. A proposal has been forwarded for repairing the sewage pipes twice a year in West division.\"By January 2013, we will also be completing a sewage pumping station of 28 mld capacity at Untwadi. The sewage water from Kamathwade, Satpur and Untwadi will be carried to the proposed STP at Agartakli through CIDCO relief sewer,\" said the official.Sewage water from Khutwad Nagar nala, CIDCO, to ITI Bridge will be diverted to the main pipeline through pipelines in these areas. Proposal for a 300 mm long pipeline has been made in this regard. Bi-annual repair and maintenance for main pipelines on both sides of Nasardi in CIDCO and also of Waldevi have been proposed.The sewage water of Bajrangwadi and Lingayat Colony in East division is at present released in the Bajrangwadi nala. This waste water will be diverted to the sewer on the left of Bajrangwadi nala. Proposals have been sent for the repair and maintenance of the main pipeline on the right of River Godavari and on both sides of Nasardi River twice year.At Manur in Nashik Road, the construction of a sewage pumping station is underway and is expected to be completed by May 2013. Another pumping station at Pimpalgaon Khamb is targeted for completion in two years. Work is in progress for diverting the sewage water from the left of Waldevi in Nashik Road to the main pipeline on the right.\"We will complete the construction of the pumping station and pipelines for carrying the waste water of Chadegaon to Chehedi STP, this month. We will also be laying a main pipeline at Wadner to channelize the sewage water in the area to Chehedi STP,\" said an official. Maintenance and repair of main pipelines twice a year at Godavari and Waldevi in Nashik Road have been proposed.Plans for diverting the waste water at Panchavati to Tapovan STP have been presented by the sewerage department. By January 2013, the main pipeline from Bhikusa Papermill on the banks of Waghadi to Mhasrul will be laid. Pipelines on the left of Godavari will be repaired twice a year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17802942", "title": "Congress rally gets cold response from its leaders in Govt", "text": "JAIPUR: The Congress's 'Sakalp Rally' on its 128th foundation day on Friday was marked with many ups and downs about its internal conflicts and election preparedness.The event was supposed to be a show of the ruling party's popularity, but the public turnout as well as its leaders' enthusiasm there left much to be desired. Only the party state president Chandrabhan's attack on BJP saved the day for the ruling party.A talking point at the rally was the absence of Rajasthan's Union ministers C P Joshi, Jitendra Singh and Sachin Pilot, all of whom are seen as distant from Gehlot and close to Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi.Among the Gehlot loyalists, Union ministers Namo Narayan Meena and Lal Chand Kataria spoke of farmers and rural people's grievances and also suggested solutions.Jat leader Sis Ram Ola refused to be seated on the dais, while Narayan Singh did not address the gathering.When the Congress leaders began addressing the people, it seemed they hardly had anything fresh to drive the workers into action. Mahir Azad compared the Congress popularity with well-known brands of consumer item like sewing machines, fans and tractors. The pace of dreary speeches was broken by Civil Lines legislator Pratap Singh Khachariawas who is known for his energetic and pointed attack on the opponents. Counting the party's welfare schemes, Khachariawas emphatically declared that the past four years of Congress rule have been the best in the country's 65 years of Independence. \"The rights a common man has got in past four years has never been there in this country,\" he said.Meanwhile, BJP spokesperson Jyoti Kiran said, \"Congress's Sakalp Diwas has now become the Sakalp Diwas of aam aadmi (common man) to get rid of Congress's mis-governance in Rajasthan. While the country is in rage and protest (for Delhi gang-rape incident), holding such rallies only confirms that Congress leaders have complete disconnect with the people. This is sheer waste of time, energy and political space.\"Reacting to Chandrabhan's onslaught, Kiran said, \"It is high time he introspects his cadre and organisation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17803704", "title": "People's representatives miss crucial meeting", "text": "AURANGABAD: Showing least concerned to the issues of the local citizens, most of the people's representatives did not attend the crucial meeting of the district vigilance monitoring committee on Friday. MP Chandrakant Khaire presided over the meeting where all the MLAs, MLC in the Aurangabad Loksabha constituency, Zilla Parishad president and most of the Zilha Parishad members were not present.Co-chairman of the committee Sahebrao Danwe and chairman of four panchayat samitis did not attend. Acting collector Kisanrao Lavande and other administrative officials attended the meet.Khaire took stock of various developmental schemes going in the region. He emphasised on water scarcity and directed the officials to take up the matter more seriously. Khaire said that authorities should carefully monitor all the schemes related to water supply so that the intensity of the scarcity could be brought down. On the issue of other welfare schemes of the central government, Khaire urged the concerned officials to utilise funds available under the heads.Khaire also showed special interest in the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan and directed the officials to complete all the pending works. The district administration is providing basic infrastructure facilities at all the schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17802304", "title": "Chunduru case: public prosecutors appointment upheld", "text": "HYDERABAD: The AP high court on Friday upheld the appointment of two special public prosecutors in the infamous Chunduru massacre case. Following demands from the victims the state had earlier appointed G Chandrasekhar and Sivanageswara Rao as special public prosecutor and assistant special public prosecutor respectively because they knew the history of the case and the victims too had faith in them. However, the accused had challenged it. The bench comprising Justice V Eswaraiah and Justice Vilas V Afzalpurkar upheld the appointments of PPsin the case. Many dalits were killed in the carnage carried out by upper caste groups two decades ago in Chunduru village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17802648", "title": "More Indian School Certificate Examination schools in northeast soon", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Council for Indian School Certificate Examination (CISCE) has decided to bring more schools under ICSE (Indian Certificate for Secondary Education) board in the northeast.Talking to TOI, ICSE chairman Jose Aikara, who was in the city recently, said, \"Even though we have a number of schools under the council in the region, the number is lesser compared to other boards. We are expecting to see an increase in council schools from the northeast.\"\"There are less than 15 schools in the northeast affiliated by the CISCE. The region has less schools under ICSE because of some misunderstandings, which is a matter of past. We have been functional for over 55 years and there are over 2000 schools affiliated to the CISCE in the country. The council was set up in 1956 and it is not sponsored by the government. The board has a well-structured course and ensures its students understand the subjects. The council always tries to implement changes in the curriculum based on changing requirements.\"Some people believe that ICSE board is difficult as compared to other boards. But it is a misnomer, Aikara said. There is a common curriculum for all boards for subjects like physics, chemistry, mathematics, biology and commerce for higher secondary level, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17802897", "title": "Six helipads to be constructed in Maoist strongholds", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: To eliminate the Maoist factor in the Visakha agency and to facilitate the safe transit of VVIPs, the state government has sanctioned Rs 24 lakh to construct six helipads in the district. Apart from transit of Z-category VVIPs, the helipads will also be used for swift deployment of security forces in sensitive areas.Addressing the press here on Friday, superintendent of police (Visakha rural) G Srinivas said that the state government had sanctioned Rs 4 lakh each for the construction of six helipads in the Visakha agency area and the district police department would be building the helipads in Maoist infested areas such as Seeleru, GK Veedhi, Chintapalli, G Madugula, Araku and Koyyuru.The SP revealed that following the government's green signal the funds would be sanctioned under the Special Infrastructure Scheme (SIS) earmarked for Maoists prone areas.Doling out the stats on anti-insurgency activity, he said there had been a drastic 70 per cent decline in extremist cases related to the Maoist menace. Sixteen cases of extremist activity, including the murders of head constable Kuna Appanna and a villager Sindri Batro of Koyyuru, were reported this year, while the number of such cases was 17 and 41 in 2011 and 2010 respectively.The police had tasted success in arresting 11underground Maoist cadre along with arms without any bloodshed. This apart, the police was successful in arresting 161 people, including 11 UG cadre, 40 militia members and 105 Maoists sympathizers, he said. A total of 326 Maoists sympathizers, including 8 UG cadres surrendered this year. The number of arrested and surrendered Maoists was very high this year as compared to that of the previous years -- 77 in 2010 and 178 in 2011.The rural SP pointed out that as per their records, only 25 UG cadres and about 40 militia members are operating in the Visakha agency area.Visakha rural police has recorded considerable success in controlling property offences this year due to intensified night patrolling, Janamaithri programme, special crime parties and buffering up of police stations by posting newly recruited sub-inspectors, the SP said.He also said they had achieved a success rate of 57 per cent in cracking cases, with a 48 per cent recovery. About 327 cases were reported in the year, which was lower than the 335 cases in 2010 and 446 in 2011.Interestingly, there was a 30 per cent decline in cases of violence against women in the district. This was achieved due to counseling through counselors nominated by the women and child welfare department at police stations, awareness programems with students and mahila sadikarika sadassu, the rural SP said.Even road accidents have come down to 783 this year as compared to 999 and 885 in 2010 and 2011 respectively. He said the cops had identified 99 accident prone areas and taken preventive measures and also pressed into service round-the-clock highway patrolling vehicles.The construction of new buildings of three police stations at A Koduru, Munagapaka and Dumbriguda were completed and another five station buildings at S Rayavaram, Bucchayyapeta, Pedabayalu, GK Veedhi and Chintapalli are under construction, he said.ASPs Gopinath Jetty, Tafseer Iqbal, Damodar, OSD Narsipatnam Narayana Reddy, Anakapalli DSP Shakeela Bhanu and Additional SP (Administration) Nanda Kishore were also present at the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17801717", "title": "Park Street case no rape, but \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcdeal\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 gone sour: MP Kakoli Ghosh Dastidar", "text": "KOLKATA: How many times must a rape victim be humiliated when she sticks to her complaint? In Bengal, it is as many times as it suits the politicians. Or, so it seems, given the way Trinamool Congress MP Kakoli Ghosh Dastidar hit out at the Park Street rape victim yet again on Friday.Not only did Ghosh Dastidar rubbish the rape complaint, in a crass attempt at character assassination she dubbed the case a misunderstanding between a \"woman and her client\".\"They (the Park Street rape and Delhi gang rape) are totally different. The incident at Park Street was not a rape at all. It was a misunderstanding between two parties involved in professional dealing \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a woman and her client,\" Ghosh Dastidar told a private television channel on Friday.The derogatory comment left the victim appalled and civil society disgusted. \"I am shocked and pained at such a statement from an educated, polished public representative, that too a woman. I thought the Delhi gang rape would be an eye-opener for all of us, including politicians. But this kind of insensitivity has saddened me,\" the victim said.\"I went to the night club on my own. How did the MP know that I went there to strike a deal? Is it because the rapists left me alive? And what sort of a message is she trying to send out? Does she mean to say that sex workers can be raped?\" she asked.The victim was taken aback at the humiliation that continues even after the police had submitted the chargesheet and urged a collective statement from women slamming such a disparaging comment.Writer-social activist Mahasweta Devi termed the remark \"improper\". \"Such a comment should not have co-me from a woman. It reflects how insensitive she is. This is not expected from an educated lady and a public representative like her. So what if the victim is a 'public woman'? One should not even make such a remark against a sex worker,\" she said.The Barasat MP is the new member of the club of irresponsible politicians after CPM's Anisur Rehman and Congress' Abhijeet Mukherjee who have drawn flak for maligning women in the past few days. While chief minister Mamata Banerjee had termed the Park Stree rape case a \"sajano galpo (concocted story)\", never before had any of her Trinamool colleagues raised questions about the victim's character in such blatant and gross terms. Immediately after the incident, transport minister Madan Mitra had questioned why a mother had to go to a night club.Senior Trinamool leader Subrata Mukherjee, who was quick to condemn Anisur Rehman's sexist comment against the chief minister, was not so forthcoming when asked for his reaction on Ghosh Dastidar's insensitive remark. \"You ask the person who made the comment,\" the minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17802564", "title": "Boy dons burqa to meet girl, cops spot them", "text": "MANGALORE: The plan of two lovers to meet each other in disguise went awry after the boy, clad in a burqa, was picked up by police here on Friday.Ajith, 20, a final-year engineering student, donned a burqa and met Ashwini, 18, a second-year PU student.Their suspicious movements caught the public's attention at Empire mall here. His moustache and men's shoes peeping from under the burqa were dead giveaways.According to police, Ajith and Ashwini are relatives. As there was a family dispute between their parents, the young lovers were afraid to meet each other in public.Police said both sets of parents were called to the station and informed about the incident. The duo was let off without any charges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17806416", "title": "Telangana observes bandh to protest Centre's indecision on statehood", "text": "HYDERABAD: A bandh is being observed in Telangana region with statehood supporters staging demonstrations at various places in Andhra Pradesh on Saturday.The shutdown has been called by TRS to protest the Centre's \"indecision\" on granting statehood to Telangana. BJP and Telangana Joint Action Committees are supporting the bandh, which comes a day after the all-party meeting on Telangana in New Delhi.Educational institutions at many places remained closed and examinations of Kakatiya and Osmania Universities were postponed.Shops and business establishments downed their shutters and Road Transport Corp (RTC) buses were off the road at different places in Telangana, which comprises 10 districts.Pro-Telangana supporters held protests accusing the Centre of failing to arrive at a decision on carving out a separate state.The bandh was peaceful so far and elaborate security arrangements have been made to deal with any untoward incident, police said.After the meeting of political parties on Friday, home minister Sushilkumar Shinde said a decision on the long- pending Telangana issue will be announced within a month.However, the TRS, which is spearheading the statehood agitation, was not satisfied with the announcement.\"They have said this over a hundred times. They have not fulfilled their promises. They have cheated the people of Telangana again,\" TRS chief K Chandrashekar Rao had told reporters after coming out of the meeting chaired by Shinde.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17801316", "title": "Pawar play: NCP chief takes a dig at Congress", "text": "MUMBAI: In an indication that the NCP was tired of playing second fiddle to its ally, the Congress, in Maharashtra, NCP chief Sharad Pawar on Friday instructed workers to focus on winning more seats in the 2014 assembly election.Addressing partymen after inaugurating the renovated NCP office in Mumbai, Pawar said, \"We should focus on achieving our target in the assembly polls.\"The NCP has been talking of winning 100 of the total 288 seats in the 2014 polls. This is not the first time that the NCP has tried to take on its ally in the assembly elections. In the past too, NCP Maharashtra chief Madhukar Pichad and deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar have made similar statements.The relationship between the NCP and the Congress turned sour in July after Pawar threatened to quit the UPA and support the government from outside. The NCP had then alleged that the Congress was not taking it into confidence while taking key policy decisions.In fact, a section of NCP leaders has always regretted its decision to allow the Congress to claim chief ministership in 2004 despite the NCP securing more seats in the assembly elections and emerging as the single largest party.Meanwhile, Pawar opposed the subsidy part of the Food Security Bill. \"While giving higher subsidies, no one thinks about what will happen to farmers' produce in the market,\" he said, adding, \"The number of people living below the poverty line is decreasing, but our subsidies are increasing.\" The NCP leader also asked the government to handle the water scarcity situation effectively. \"There should be proper implementation of the measures taken to tackle water crisis and drought situation. The state government should give priority to drinking water,\" Pawar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "17803245", "title": "C-form mandatory even for non-commercial homes", "text": "MANALI: Befriending foreign nationals and offering them one-night accommodations in houses can put owners in trouble as Himachal Police is keeping a close watch over people to check if they are filling the C-form, a registration form for foreigners, to collect information about guest from abroad.As the number of foreigners visiting Himachal is increasing every year, police have taken this safety measure for their safe stay here, said a police officer.Most of the foreigners prefer staying in guest houses while many of them stay in villages along with the local families. Apart from providing safety to foreigners, filling of C-form provides necessary information about visitor in case of some untoward incident.According to Manali superintendent of police Sanjeev Chauhan, they have booked a villager who offered accommodation to foreign national but did not fill C-form. \"Police are warning people here to fill the form - either online or manually - for safety of both tourists and themselves,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17802369", "title": "Private gas agencies hike LPG prices", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Lack of proper mechanism to control the price of cooking gas supplied by private traders has landed the city residents in trouble. The liberty of private traders to increase the price of LPG cylinders is mostly affecting the people staying in rented houses.According to sources, private gas dealers charge almost four times the price of a subsidized LPG cylinder. While a customer has to pay Rs 420 for a 14.2-kg subsidized cylinder, the amount charged by private traders for a14-kg cylinder is over Rs 1,700. Many families are forced to pay Rs 1,200 for a 12-kg cylinder supplied by private traders.\"It is difficult for people like me who are staying in rented houses to get subsidized cylinders,\" said Jeena Johnson, a college lecturer, residing at Malaparamba. \"Government gas agencies still insist on ration card and other documents for getting subsidized LPG supply even though the government has been claiming that such formalities were avoided,\" said Jeena.According to customers the price for LPG cylinder was doubled by private agencies in a year. \"The price of a 12-kg cylinder was only Rs 700 before 5 months and they increased Rs 500 without any notice,\" said Deepthi Vishwanath, a resident of East Hill.Admitting that the private traders are collecting unreasonable price, officials with the district office of the civil supplies department said they were helpless as the price of cooking gas supplied by private traders was fixed by oil companies. However, we are taking measures to prevent illegal practices in the sale, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17805516", "title": "Damon took same-sex kissing tips from Ledger", "text": "Actor Matt Damon took tips from actor Heath Ledger on how to kiss a man as the latter had played the role of a gay cowboy in 2005 movie \"Brokeback Mountain \".Damon,42, was suppose to kiss Michael Douglas in film adaptation of book \" Behind The Candelabra: My Life With Liberace \", which is based on life of famous painist and vocalist Liberace .\"I remember asking Heath Ledger after ' Brokeback Mountain ', 'How'd you do that scene with Jake?' - meaning the scene where they start ferociously kissing. He said, 'Well, mate, I drank a half case of beer in my trailer',\" Playboy magazine quoted Damon as saying.\"I started laughing and he goes, 'No, I'm serious. I needed to just go for it. If you can't do that, you're not making the movie',\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17803122", "title": "Cops turn heat on government cars", "text": "NEW DELHI: Traffic police have begun yet another intensive drive against tinted glasses and curtains in the city. This time a special emphasis was on booking even government and Army vehicles which have been flouting norms.The police action was announced after a TOI report highlighted how government vehicles were using curtains in spite of laws prohibiting it. The special drive was mainly carried out in the high-security New Delhi district area, especially Teen Murti and Rafi Marg, which witness maximum movement of government vehicles.Joint commissioner (traffic) Satyendra Garg said that there was absolutely no discrimination between privately owned cars and government vehicles. \"The law is the same for all. Since December 19, we have taken action against 12,296 vehicles, which includes 11,513 cars, 707 buses and 76 RTVs. We have sent notices and warned anyone that anyone below Z+ security cannot keep dark films on their car windows,\" said Garg.Meanwhile, sources in the traffic department said that none of the government agencies so far have been forthcoming in removing tinted glass from the official cars.Yet, when it came to the embassies which house foreign delegates, they had a completely different experience. \"They had asked us to send a circular and all have obliged within 24 hours removing tinted glass and curtains,\" said a senior officer.Garg said a total of 100 teams will be used on the night of January 31 to stop drunk driving, over-speeding and stunt acts. \"Around 200 chase and challan bikes will be used for checking outside hotels, pubs and guesthouses. The drive will continue till 4am, a first for this year. No vehicular traffic will be allowed entry inside the Connaught Place area except those that have the hotel's special parking stickers,\" said Garg. \"We will give the option to a driver caught in drunken driving state to call up a friend with a valid license. If they fail to locate such a friend, the car could be impounded,\" said an officer from south Delhi.TOI had reported on Friday how the area around India Gate and Connaught Place will be turned in to a fortress on the night of December 31. According to police sources, though entry in the area will not be restricted, Section 144 of CrPC might be clamped and only those members with genuine invitations to parties will be allowed entry.Special plainclothes policemen and women constables will be deputed in Lutyen's Delhi area to stop any kind of harassment to women, police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17719813", "title": "Recipe: Eggnog", "text": "Rich, creamy eggnog is a favourite during Christmas . Here's how to make it ...Crack 10 large eggs into a saucepan and add 1 1/4 cups sugar and 1/2 teaspoon salt and whisk. Stir in a quart of milk and cook it over low heat, stirring.Cook for 25 minutes until custard thickens (don't boil or it will curdle). Pour custard into a large bowl and stir in two tablespoons vanilla extract and a teaspoon of ground nutmeg. Now stir in another quart of milk. Cover the bowl and refrigerate until the mixture is well chilled, at least 3 hours. Before serving, beat a cup of heavy cream until soft peaks form. Then, with a whisk, gently fold the whipped cream into the custard mixture. Finally, pour the eggnog and sprinkle with nutmeg for a garnish.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17801689", "title": "Pakistan fan at home in Ahmedabad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: \"Make Kapil Dev the coach of the Pakistan, pyar badega,\" says Mohammad Bashir, a Chicago resident of Pakistani origin. He is here, despite stiff opposition from his wife, to see both countries play each other after a long time. He couldn't buy a ticket at the counter, but a policeman gave Khan one, on seeing him stand outside the ground with a placard asking for a ticket.\"I couldn't manage a ticket even in Bangalore for the first T20 match, but some media people helped me out there. Here, it was a 2-star policeman who handed me the ticket saying 'enjoy',\" said the 70-year-old who runs a restaurant 'Garib Nawaz' in Chicago. \"He didn't want any money. Just gave me the ticket and said enjoy the match,\" says Bashir.\"There are plenty of good cricketers in India but even so, Wasim Akram has been appointed coach of an IPL team, why? Likewise, though there are many great players in Pakistan, I suggest that Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) should appoint Kapil Dev as coach of Pakistan,\" adds Bashir, a staunch supporter of India, only if they are not playing Pakistan.\"It is quite natural, isn't it? If Imran Khan is bowling to Sachin Tendulkar , I would like Tendulkar to hit two boundaries before getting out to the legendary Pathan,\" said Bashir who has an 'I Love My India' logo on his head and the Pakistan flag at his heart. He was also seen waving both national flags in support of Aman Ki Asha.Bashir arrived in Ahmedabad from Bangalore on Thursday and went about trying out different the local cuisine. He liked the biryani here. \"My wife makes good Hyderabadi biryani and I have tasted biryani at many places, but the one I had yesterday was very good. It is a little spicier than we have in Pakistan, but it was very good. I don't like your fafdas, dhoklas, khaman. Hum ko toh chicken aur mutton pasand hai,\" he declares with a warm laugh.A few local fans and policemen stopped to shake hands with the ambassador of peace and he expressed gratitude for the great welcome he recevied wherever he went. \"Idhar log bahut aache hain. Mujhe lag hi nahi raha ki mein ek dusre mulk mein hoon. I am roaming around so freely everywhere with so much love and affection shown towards me from one and all, I am feeling as if I am at home,\" added Bashir.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17803284", "title": "Women press for change in mindset", "text": "RANCHI: The Delhi gang rape has once again put women's security under the scanner. This incident has compelled women to come up with solutions to combat the growing incidence of such events. Only a strong administration, stringent laws and changed mindset can rid the society of such evils, believe the women of the city.Several girls think that the administration needs to be strong to create a sense of fear among culprits as incidents of rape and molestation are not new and the excessive media coverage is only temporary.\"Many rural women are sexually assaulted but their cases go unreported. Hence, the only solution is a strong administration. This will lead to such cases being reported and instill a sense of fear among those who indulge in such heinous acts,\" said Mohini Chakrabarty, a student of Shyamli School.There were many who advocated capital punishment to deter people from committing such crimes.\"Capital punishment will bring down the rate of such cases by 50%,\" said Arana Kaushar, professor of economics at Xavier Institute of Social Services ( XISS). Citing the example of Middle East, Kaushar added that such crimes are unheard of in the Middle East countries. \"Hence, our country should also have such stringent laws ,\" he said.Amrita Bannerjee of St Xavier's College echoed similar sentiments. \"There should be fast track courts for the dispose of such cases at the earliest. Strong judgement will set a precedent, thereby prohibiting people from committing such acts,\" she said.Many felt that martial arts should be made a mandatory part of the curriculum in schools and colleges. \"Rape cases these days have become quite common. Hence, martial art classes should be made compulsory in schools and colleges. This will help the girls become self-dependent. Its time people realized remaining within the four walls of the house or a change in dress code is not the solution . Girls need to fight for their rights,\" said Mrinalini Kujur, a postgraduate student of Ranchi University.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "17801436", "title": "Goa BJP threatens to stop medical facilities to people from across border", "text": "BICHOLIM: In a twist to the Tillari irrigation project oustees controversy, the Goa BJP has warned the Konkan MLAs from Maharashtra that their people will be refused entry into Goa, and they will also be deprived of free medical facility at the GMC hospital at Bambolim.Addressing the media at Latambarcem-Bicholim, after visiting the farmers affected by the water scarcity at Sal and the surrounding areas, BJP state president Vinay Tendulkar alleged that the issue has been created by Congress MLAs from Goa and Maharashtra in an attempt to defame the BJP. Tendulkar also expressed surprise over the fact that the issue did not come up while the Congress was ruling. Tendulkar made it clear that no agreement has been reached over the people affected by the Tillari project and the responsibility for the same lies with the Maharashtra government.Warning Maharashtra MP Nilesh Rane, minister Narayan Rane and MLA Deepak Kesarkar, Tendulkar asked them to stop creating a controversy. \"They have raised this issue on purpose and if this continues, the BJP workers will not allow them to enter the state and even people from the Konkan region who work in Goa will be restricted entry into the state,\" warned Tendulkar.He said the BJP will ensure that people from across the border do not get free medical treatment at the GMC hospital. The BJP office bearers said the Goa government has already taken care of those who were affected by the Tillari dam and they are presently residing at Kholpewadi Sal.Bicholim MLA Naresh Sawal, Sal Sarpanch Ghanasham Raut, Bicholim block president Manohar Shirodkar, BJP office bearers Sanjay Harmalkar, Vainkatesh Godge and others were present at the meet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17800630", "title": "Rigging alleged in sand ghats' auction", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as the controversy over allocation or auction of natural resources like minerals or spectrum waves continues, the district administration now boasts of having netted an unprecedented amount of Rs 19.43 crore by giving away sand ghats through competitive bidding a couple of days ago. But there is also a controversy tagged with the development as one of the bidders has moved the high court alleging that the process is rigged.The court has asked the divisional commissioner, district collector and revenue secretary to file a reply by January 3.In fact, amidst all the natural resources, only sand is sold to a private party by the government through auction. All other mineral reserves are directly allotted through a system of discretionary screening. As against the conventional mode of bidding, the district collectorate this time had held an e-auction of the sand beds which is considered to be a foolproof method against rigging. Sources in the construction business say this rules out the possibility of the bids being rigged or other manipulation like cartelization.However, the development has also spurred speculation about its implications on prices of sand. A section of builders says this would lead to real competition keeping the rates in check, but others say that the higher cost paid by traders will be passed on to consumers.Sand currently costs around Rs20 to 22 per cubic feet. The prices have been stable since last one year. Builders say sand constitutes only a miniscule portion of the total construction cost and any variation of the prices do not have a major impact.\"The system completely does away with direct interface between the bidder and the government. Bids are received on real time basis with the bidders' identity remaining concealed till the auction ends. \"It is like the stock market in which who sold how many shares and to whom cannot be known,\" said district collector Saurabh Rao. In the first round, 34 ghats were auctioned. In the second round, 23 ghats will be auctioned on January 8. Firms from as far as Jabalpur participated in the tenders with the bidders not needing to come down to the city, he said. The conventional system had the chances of auctions getting fixed with only a single dominant player participating with rest being dummy bidders.The fresh rates have not been quoted yet but it is expected that with several suppliers the rates will remain reasonable. Prices can be jacked up only if there is a monopoly, said a sand trader.Tejindersingh Renu, builder and secretary of Vidarbha Taxpayers Associating, said with pre-auction cartelization not happening the prices can remain at a moderate level. \"Cartels can be formed at a later stage also which may eventually make the commodity dearer. Traders are also known for overloading trucks with the police having a selective approach in preventing the bungling,\" said a builder on the condition of anonymity. If traders quote a higher rate, there are possiblities of smaller builders compromising on the quality, the source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17803217", "title": "Youths kill minor girl for complaining against them", "text": "LUCKNOW: Three youngsters in Aligarh allegedly strangled a minor girl and hacked her to death for daring to complain to her mother about their attempts to molest her. The incident came to light late on Thursday night, and has sparked off widespread outrage in the village, which had stood unanimously against the accused, who are believed to be absconding. Police have deployed additional force in the village to counter any sporadic outburst of violence by the locals and a manhunt has been launched to arrest the culprits.Senior officers are keeping a close watch on the activities in the village particularly after reports that the locals may storm the house of the victims because of the prevailing anger against the crime.The incident took place in Rajatau village under Paali Muqueempur police circle of Aligarh. Reports said the victim - Dolly (13) - a student of class 8{+t}{+h} at the government basic school of the village, left her house to relieve herself on Thursday evening. After she failed to return home till late in the evening, her family launched a search. After three hours of extensive search, the family found the body of Dolly in a farm field on the outskirts of the village. The victim was apparently strangled by her duppatta and then her throat was slit with a sharp-edged weapon. The scene of crime suggested that the victim was dragged on the ground for almost 10 metres before her body was left at the spot from where it was recovered.\"The scene of crime also suggested struggle, as the plants around the scene of crime were found damaged. The clothes of the deceased also suggested struggle. We are yet to receive the post-mortem report of the deceased to establish if she was sexually assaulted or not,\" said superintendent of police (SP) rural areas Aligarh Visarjan Singh Yadav. Sources, however, said that investigators have spoken to doctors who conducted the autopsy and were told the rape could not be confirmed. The police were however yet to officially confirm the findings of the autopsy report.After the incident came to light, Dolly's father Yaadram, who own a small grocery shop in the village, told the police that Dolly had told her mother about three local youths, who have been after her for quite sometime. She had even told her mother about it last week. Though Dolly's mother did not take a serious note of the complaint, she did take up the issue with the parents of one of the youths warning them to keep a tab on him else she would report the matter to the police. Afraid that Dolly's parents may eventually take up the issue with the police, the trio intercepted Dolly again on Tuesday. Wielding a knife, the trio threatened Dolly of ensuring that the matter did not reach the police else she will have to face dire consequences.Dolly returned home and told her mother about it again. The youngsters apparently came to know about it and killed her, victim's father Yaadram told the police. What added further weight to Yaadram's allegations was the fact that all the three accused were missing ever since they were spotted on the village outskirts on Thursday evening. The accused also failed to reach home till Friday evening, confirming the widely believed theory that explains that \"flight is the evidence of guilt.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17803537", "title": "Govt doing its best for Delhi victim: Ghulam Nabi Azad", "text": "PUNE: Union minister for health and family welfare Ghulam Nabi Azad has said that the government is doing its best to ensure proper treatment to the Delhi gang-rape victim.\"The victim was in a critical condition when she was admitted to the (Safdarjung) hospital in Delhi, where a team of 10 to 15 medical experts were aiding her treatment. We were advised to move her to Singapore to secure better treatment for her. We have acted on the advice and the victim is now under treatment at a hospital in Singapore. Let us see what happens,\" he said during a brief chat with reporters on the sidelines of a function here on Friday.Azad pointed out that some of the medical experts from the Safdarjung hospital have accompanied the victim and her relatives to Singapore to aid the treatment there.Asked to comment on the Safdarjung hospital authorities' statement that it was the government's decision to move the victim to Singapore, Azad quipped, \"The Safdarjung hospital is run by the government.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17803234", "title": "Cold wave grips Madhya Pradesh, Amarkantak coldest", "text": "BHOPAL: The state is witnessing extreme cold wave conditions with the mercury hovering at 1 degree Celsius on the hills of Amarkantak in Anuppur district to 8.6 degrees in Indore.The whole of northern Madhya Pradesh, eastern parts of the state and the Malwa region, is under the grip of cold wave. Bhopal recorded a minimum temperature of 8 degrees on Friday. Met officials forecast that the temperatures in the state are set to go down further in the next few days.The minimum and maximum temperature monitoring system of forest department in Amarkantak recorded the temperature at 1 degrees C. The metrological department doesn't have an observatory of its own in the hill station which is the origin of river Narmada River.The minimum temperature at Pachmarhi- the verdant jewel of MP- was recoded at 2 degrees C on Friday.The data collected through automated weather stations installed in the outskirts of 50 main districts showed that Seoni also recorded a minimum temperature of 2 degrees C while Dindori located on the foothills of Amarkantak shivered at 2.6. The minimum temperatures recorded at Mandla and Tikamgarh were recorded 3 degrees C each.The northeastern parts of the state including Shahdol and Rewa were most exposed to the northerly cold winds, the weathermen said.Officials of the meteorological department, Bhopal circle said cold the conditions would further intensify in the state after clearing of western disturbance over Jammu and Kashmir. \"The temperatures have marginally increased in state on Friday due to western disturbances but it is set to dip again after a few days\", said R D Meshram, assistant meteorologist.The maximum temperature in Bhopal was recorded at 25.4 (00) degrees Celsius while Indore recorded a maximum temperature of 26.0 (00) degrees C. The maximum temperature in Gwalior was recorded at 20.5 (-3) degrees Celsius whereas the minimum stood at 5.2 (-1) degrees Celsius. The maximum and minimum temperatures in Jabalpur were respectively recorded at 24.1 (-1) 6.6 (-3) degrees C.Weatherman had forecast dry conditions in the state on Saturday too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17802356", "title": "In UP, cold claims 15 lives in a day, toll touches 55", "text": "NEW DELHI: The cold snap killed 15 more people across Uttar Pradesh on Friday, taking the toll from it across north India this season to at least 55.The fresh deaths were reported as the mercury dipped to just a few degrees above freezing point in most parts of the state. Kanpur was the coldest place in the region with a low of two degree C. Lucknow, with a minimum of 2.9 degree C, recorded its lowest temperature in 58 years.At least 50 people have died of cold in UP alone, forcing the government to allocate around Rs 15 crore for distribution of blankets among the homeless. The process for their distribution is yet to begin in several districts.Meanwhile, minimum temperatures fell several notches below normal at most places in Punjab and Haryana. In Haryana, Narnaul remained the coldest place with a low of three degree C. Patiala was the coldest place in neighboring Punjab with a low of six degree C.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17806652", "title": "My worst moments in the house were with Santosh Shukla: Aashka", "text": "From playing a vamp on TV to being the abla naari on Bigg Boss-6, Aashka Goradia has changed her image in the minds of her audiences post her two-and-a-half-month stint on the show. We speak to the cry baby of the house.How much of tear did you shed when you came to know you were evicted?I came out laughing as Salman Khan himself went inside the house to receive and bring me out. Honestly, winning is not everything. The journey was an experience in itself. It made me realize the person I am.You are known as a cry bab y?That is how I am! I am emotional and vulnerable and feel it is ok to cry. Crying is just a way of venting out, it is an emotion equivalent to anger. If anger is accepted well, why not crying?So what exactly was happening between you and Sana Khan?What you see on television for 45 minutes is not the whole reality. Sana is like my little sister. When I say sister, I and she cannot be lesbians in any way. In the real world too, after the show is over, I will always take care of her throughout her life, because of the sweetheart she is. When I kissed her and was trying to soothe her, people did not know that she had been suffering from an allergy for the past three days. There was so much itching that she scratched herself, leading to bleeding and bruises. I was not feeling her, but just trying to comfort her. I am amazed at the way world is turning out to be. Either people are too regressive or too modern. It is not what others think, but about what I feel. It is not fair to judge every relationship. I already have a male, Rohit (Bakshi), as a boyfriend. How can they even think me to be a lesbian?Coming to Rohit, there are reports that you too are splitting up? Even when he got an opportunity to come and see you inside the house, he never came?I did not know that Rohit was busy promoting his first film, Dehradun Diary. And when he did not come to see me, I got very upset. But he was the first one to call me after I got evicted and he said, 'Baby I am coming to take you home'. That sums it all. He did not come doesn't mean he loves me any lesser. This is the most precious time of his life. When my mom came inside the house and told me about his work commitment, meri sari shikayatein door ho gayi .You did not recognize your mother's voice when she sent a recorded message?I have never spoken to her in Hindi, so I didn't know that she spoke such awesome Hindi. And when she spoke, I couldn't even trace a Gujarati dialect in her voice. Also, I have never recorded my mom's recorded voice, so I was in two minds whether it was her voice or not. But it was good in a way that I did not recognize her voice; because of that she got to come home and meet me.Do you think Imam Siddique is deliberately putting up an act to keep the audience entertained?For Imam, this was the biggest stage that he could have got. But he wasted it by misbehaving rather than entertaining the audience. I am not angry at him, but feel sorry for him. I was very happy when I saw him inside the padosi house as I had met him twice earlier at a friend's party which he had organized and at a ramp walk. I knew about his reputation, but still did not judge him. However, with time he showed his true colours. When he did all those antics in the padosi house, I was truly scared. I was worried about my family seeing me in that situation. It was shameful for me and came as a shock, since I did not know to what limit he would go.You treated Nirahua ( Dinesh Lal Yadav) as a brother, but after being evicted, he called you the fakest person on the show?I liked him a lot. He is a very nice man in my opinion. However, Santosh Shukla tried to severe our relation. He might be talking about his eviction, where I voted him out. But that was because my left and right hand, Delnaaz Irani and Sana were on the nomination list. And right from day one, he had said eviction didn't matter to him.What were your best and worst moments inside the house?My best moments were with guest contestant Jyoti Amge, the shortest woman on earth. And my worst moment was not with Imam, but with Santosh, who extended a hand of friendship, but then screwed the relation.Your relation with Santosh Shukla, who also proposed marriage to you, changed after you both were shifted from the padosi house to the modern house?He was just trying to hold a track, like you do in daily soaps. I accepted some of it as a mazak, but then he crossed the limit. He would say, 'Arre janeman ek kiss de do', in zest. Even after that if he didn't know that he crossed the track, there is a problem. I didn't know him before the show and don't want to know him after the show is over.Rajev Paul admitted during the lie detector test that he hated you for not letting him come close to his ex-wife Delnaaz?What can I say? If he thinks that I can spoil his relation of 15 years in 15 days, he is stupid. However, he is a nice person but loses the plot sometime. He is not a bad human being, though he loses the plot sometime. He is not a malicious person.Who do you think will win this show?Delnaaz or Sana should win. It is not my sisterly love for them speaking, but they are truly deserving.So when are the wedding bells ringing for you?Let Rohit come I will ask him (laughs). But on a serious note I can tell this much that it's not too far away. I want to settle down soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17801138", "title": "Friday coldest day of season, northern winds are to blame", "text": "MUMBAI: It was a chilly morning on Friday, when temperatures dipped by two degrees from the day before. Santa Cruz recorded a minimum temperature of 14.2 degrees Celsius, the lowest this season and also three degrees below normal. The weather department says the reason is cold winds coming from north India.V K Rajeev, director, Regional Weather Forecasting Centre, said the winds are more easterly than northerly. \"There is an approaching western disturbance over the northern parts of the country. Because of this, interior Maharashtra is witnessing a dip in minimum temperatures. Mumbai is being hit by easterly winds, which are blowing from colder areas like UP and Bihar.\" A western disturbance is an extra-tropical storm or a low pressure system that originates in the Mediterranean Sea and moves eastwards. This causes rainfall in Iran, Pakistan and India, and snowfall in some parts of India.Minimum temperatures are below normal by 2-4 degrees Celsius over most parts of northern and northeast India and some parts of central and east India. The lowest minimum temperature in the country, 1.6 degrees Celsius, was recorded at Sarsawa, Uttar Pradesh, on Friday.Meanwhile, Colaba recorded a night-time temperature of 19.5 degrees Celsius, which was about normal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17802808", "title": "Civic dispensaries ailing from shortage of drugs and staff", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The health of Greater Visakhapatnam Municipal Corporation (GVMC)'s public health system is failing. Not only is GVMC's health infrastructure woefully inadequate in addressing the healthcare requirements of the citizens, it is also suffering due to scarcity of basic requirements like medicines and dearth of doctors and nurses.For a population of about 20 lakh, including 6 lakh from the BPL (below poverty line) segment, spread across 72 wards, GVMC has only 15 health centres. \"GVMC should have at least one health centre in each ward,\" said CS Rao, former bureaucrat and founder of Praja Spandana.Forget the number of health centres in operation, even the existing ones are not functioning properly as they are seriously under-staffed and under-stocked.\"We have been facing a shortage of medicines for the last couple of weeks. Our dispensaries do not even have Paracetamol tablets. At present, we have only one doctor against the required number of two,\" confessed an official at GVMC's dispensary at China Waltair.An official source revealed that only eight out of sixty fogging machines meant to keep the city of about 534 square kilometers mosquito-free were working.Former CPI floor leader of GVMC, AJ Stalin, blamed the shortage of staff and medicines for the rising incidence of diseases like dengue in the city. Out of the total dengue cases, 71 were recorded within GVMC limits and 163 cases across the district.As on date, GVMC has collected 84,632 blood samples from people across 72 municipal wards and 32 peripheral villages. It was found out that 2,955 were suffering from malaria and 71 persons were tested positive for dengue.In the month of August alone, the number of malaria cases soared to 624. By contrast, last year, 2,452 people tested positive for malaria and there were zero dengue cases.When contacted, GVMC chief medical officer (CMO), MV Ramana Murthy said that GVMC had recently procured medicines worth Rs 4.5 lakh to distribute among all its 15 health centres, including 11 dispensaries. \"The procured drugs would be enough to meet the requirements of the centres till March in this financial year and the distribution would begin in January, he added.On the shortage of doctors, the CMO maintained that two new doctors were recently appointed and they would be joining duties soon after getting final approval from the department of municipal administration and urban development at Hyderabad. When asked about the dysfunctional fogging machines, the CMO also said that 20 fogging machines had been sent for repair works.Even as GVMC's health infrastructure is creaking, its earlier proposals of handing over civic dispensaries to social organisations or NGOs for improving infrastructure facilities and free supply of medicines to patients, is yet to find any takers. The proposal was announced by GVMC commissioner MV Satyannarayana in October this year.Yet three months down the line, no philanthropists have evinced interest in adopting GVMC's health centres. \"Yes, no social organisation has so far adopted any of the civic dispensaries. We are still searching for donors,\" the GVMC commissioner told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "quepem", "code": "17801065", "title": "Quepem deputy collector probe suicidal death of mother, kids", "text": "QUEPEM: Sub-divisional magistrate and deputy collector, Quepem Sandhya Kamat has commenced the proceedings of an inquiry into the recent suicidal death of Divya Velip and her two minor daughters at Barcem in Quepem taluka.Kamat is probing the case of the death of the 26-year-old mother in the context of harassment. The death occurred within seven years of marriage. A notice has been sent to the PSI of Cuncolim Police station Sachin Panelkar on Thursday.Speaking to TOI, Kamat said \"My office received the autopsy report on Tuesday from the Cuncolim police station. As per the report the cause of death is attributed to drowning.\"Kamat has directed the PSI to submit the names of at least ten to twelve persons, including family members, neighbors, friends and mostly women from the locality of the victim.The SDM will send individual notices to these persons and ask them to depose before her. The notice will be sent to Dinesh Velip, husband of deceased Divya Velip.Kamat further said that even though it is confirmed that it a suicide, she will try to find out the reason behind the drastic step.Kamat also informed that all the gold ornaments, including the mangal sutra belonging to the deceased is handed over to Divya's father-in-law after the consent from Divya's brothers.The finding of the bodies of Divya and her two daughter Dipisha, 5 and Bindiya, 2, floating in a well at Shellim, Barcem, on December 21 shook the quiet village.When contacted PSI Panelkar from Cuncolim police station informed that he had no yet received the notice as he is on leave till December 30, but said that he will submit the names to sub divisional magistrate immediately after joining duty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "17802939", "title": "BSF, Rajasthan frontier bags prestigious trophy", "text": "JAISALMER: The BSF deployed at the Pakistan border adjoining Rajasthan has been conferred the best frontier award out of the 13 frontiers in the country, for the eighth time.Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde gave away the trophy (director-general trophy for training and sports) to then inspector general P C Meena.BSF IG P C Meena said Rajasthan Frontier has been winning this trophy continuously since 2004-05.Regular training and sports competitions are held at all the frontiers. He said at present, there are 13 frontiers of BSF out of which Rajasthan has been announced the best. He said there are 31 parameters for training and sports, in which nine events take place in training and 22 events in sports.Training includes commando, band, anti-sabotage, videography, motor transport, shooting, bugle and sports include swimming, water polo, high board diving, spring board diving, 12km cross country race, judo, hockey, football among other competitions.Rajasthan frontier DIG R K Thapa said jawans performed excellently in every field under the leadership of PC Meena and stood first in swimming, boxing, weight lifting, football, judo, high board diving.In the current session too, Rajasthan is leading the race with Gujarat following close.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17802503", "title": "Victims being trained for self-employment in Assam", "text": "GUWAHATI: Economic empowerment and rehabilitation of trafficking victims from the flesh trade is a daunting task. But the state social welfare department, with the help of some NGOs, is working in Guwahati and its outskirts to give a new lease of life to such women.Many trafficking victims from the state are being trained at Ujala Homes, built with the financial assistance of the Union ministry of women and child welfare, and some of them are now self employed with the help of NGOs.\"It's difficult for the government to execute plans on its own to rehabilitate trafficked women. So, we have tied up with NGOs and this is yielding good results. While many of the trafficked girls have returned to their homes and started a self-dependent life, others have been absorbed in small local businesses,\" said Hemi Bora, Kamrup district social welfare officer.The Global Organisation for Life Development (GOLD), an NGO, is currently imparting training to 50 such women in Guwahati. GOLD is equipping these girls with skills as beauticians, in cane and bamboo technology, cutting, embroidery and weaving.\"We are training the victimized girls so that their past never haunts them again. The girls are willing to start their life afresh,\" said Rajib Sarma, general secretary of GOLD, Guwahati.Another 21 women who were rescued from brothels are undergoing economic empowerment training at Auniati village in Kamrup (Rural) district, about 40km from here. These girls are from Baksa and Udalguri districts of lower Assam, which are said to be among most vulnerable districts of the state from where hundreds of women are trafficked to metros every year.\"Most of the girls rescued from brothels want to live with respect and dignity, but many-a-time, the society alienates them. They are working hard to learn skills that will help them earn their livelihood,\" said Sunita Changkakati, director of the Assam Centre for Rural Development (ACRD), an NGO that provides job-oriented training to trafficked girls at an Ujala Home in Auniati. The ACRD provides training in handloom, handicraft, tailoring and beautician courses.\"I am happy that the ACRD has given me a chance to start a new life. I am employed in a commercial establishment in Guwahati. And I would like to thank the organization for allowing me to stay in their shelter even after I've completed my training,\" said Maria (name changed), a trafficked girl from the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17806913", "title": "Nick Stahl arrested for 'lewd act' in porn store", "text": "US actor Nick Stahl was arrested on suspicion of lewd conduct in a Hollywood Boulevard porn movie shop on Thursday, it has been revealed.According to Law enforcement officers, LAPD undercover vice officers were conducting a routine check of an adult store in Hollywood around 6 pm and found the 'Terminator 3' star alone in a private booth, watching a porno, and committing a \"lewd act.\"The 33-year-old actor appeared to be \"touching himself,\" inside the booth, TMZ.com reported.Stahl was cited and released from police custody a few hours later and while walking out of the police station he said that it was all a \"misunderstanding.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17801449", "title": "IIT-Bombay may have special buses for female students", "text": "MUMBAI: As the second semester of the academic year starts at the IIT-Bombay on Friday, new security measures have been put in place for female students.For one, the girls can call for campus transport to ferry them to the laboratory or back to hostel. The Bombay campus, like its counterpart in Chennai, might start a bus facility exclusively for women, said IIT-B director Devang Khakhar. A few years ago, the institute hired female guards for the girls' hostel.Shocked by the recent gangrape in Delhi and concerned about safety of female students on the campus, the authorities took the above measures, keeping in mind the changing boy-girl ratio at the institute.Since then, the gender composition has gone through a sea change, with close to 15% of the total number of students now being females.In the intervening decades, the student sex ratio remained more or less the same. Even 30 years later, it had not more than 13 girls studying on its Powai campus. The change has come about in the last five years. A pre-dominant male sphere today has more than just a small sprinkling of ladies:Among 8,000 students at IIT-B, girls add up a total of 1,200, making it 15% of the total count.Across higher education institutes, women now make up close to 42% of the total population, state the statistics put together by the University Grants Commission.At IIT-Guwahati, said director Gautam Barua, several safety measures had also been put in place. \"As our research scholars work till late, they get a guard to escort them back to hostels. Students also have to inform the campus guards if they are stepping out. They are not allowed to go out after 10pm.\"At IIM-Lucknow, where girls make up almost 40% of the total student count, director Devi Singh said, \"We have separate facilities for our girls-from special hostels to medical facilities.\" Senior professor at IIM-L Himanshu Rai added unlike in the IITs, the management college campuses were tinier and help was just a shout away. \"No student can feel isolated. From cleaners to launderers, only women are allowed inside girls' hostels,\" Rai added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "tirupati", "code": "17802468", "title": "Tollywood artistes feted on Day Two", "text": "TIRUPATI: Minister of geology and mines Galla Aruna Kumari said on Friday that the state government would urge the Centre to give more opportunities to those who were well-versed in Telugu language.Addressing the three-day World Telugu Conference on the second day, Aruna said the state government had already initiated radical steps for promotion of Telugu like making the language compulsory in schools and announcing creation of a separate Telugu ministry.Meanwhile, the Day Two of the prestigious confusion reigned supreme at the venue. While addressing a media conference, information commissioner R V Chandravadan said over 1000 NRI delegates attended the event, tourism minister Vatti Vasant Kumar, who spoke immediately after him, said 2,000 NRIs turned up at the event. \"However, according to some other sources, the actual number was about 500.The second day of the conference saw good attendance, primarily because of the presence of Tollywood celebrities. The conference on Friday felicitated actors Maganti Murali Mohan, Tanikella Bharani, Krishnam Raju, Jamuna, Geetanjali, dialogue writers Paruchuri brothers, producers D Rama Naidu and V B Rajendra Prasad , music directior Vande Mataram Srinvas and others. The Tollywood actors also entertained the audience by staging a drama.On Saturday, the concluding day of the conference, chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy is scheduled to participate in the session. Major resolutions regarding the development and promotion of Telugu language are expected to be passed on the final day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "17803425", "title": "Tourists swamp Daringbadi", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Tourists are flocking to Daringbadi even though the hill town is reeling under the severe cold wave with mercury stuck at minus 0.5 degree Celsius for the second day on Friday. \"The flow of visitors has increased to Daringbadi after the temperature fell,\" said tourist officer of Kandhamal Manoranjan Das.Besides the chill, the other attractions of Kandhamal are coffee plantations, view of hills, pine forests and waterfalls. The tourism department has also developed the Hill View point for visitors to take a look at the natural beauty of the place.Daringbadi situated at an altitude of about 280 metres above sea level is the only place in the state that witnesses snowfall during peak winter. Over 420 domestic tourists visited the town in November. But most do not stay overnight. They prefer to put up at Berhampur or Phulbani, about 100 km from the town, and come to Daringbadi in the morning. \"Tourists are not staying at Daringibadi for fear of Maoists,\" said a senior officer.Maoists had kidnapped two Italians from near Daringbadi in February this year. Since then foreign tourists are preferring to stay away from the picturesque spot. Even though 17 foreigners visited Phulbani, but they did come to Daringbadi.\"We have not stopped foreigners from visiting Daringbadi. People who want to visit Belaghara need to take permission from the district administration as the primitive tribe, Kutia Kandha, resides there,\" said a government officer. \"No foreigner has taken permission from the administration to go Belaghara this year,\" said Kandhamal collector B S Punia. \"We discourage tourists from visiting the forest for their own safety,\" SP (Kandhamal) J N Pankaj said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17801383", "title": "BEST bus runs over pedestrianin Kurla, driver booked", "text": "MUMBAI: A pedestrian was knocked down by a BEST bus near the Kurla garden bus stop in Kurla on Friday night.The victim was rushed to a nearby hospital where he was declared dead. BEST spokesperson Virendra Bagul said that the bus (Route No 411) was ferrying passengers from Sangharsh Nagar in Wadala to Chandivli. The bus reached Kurla around 8pm when the incident occurred.The victim was hit on the head and fell before the bus, Bagul said. \"A mob had gathered and they argued with the driver. They rushed the victim to a nearby hospital, where he was declared dead,\" he said. A case has been registered and the driver has been booked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "17802566", "title": "Tripura Congress protest for error-free voters' list", "text": "AGARTALA: Tripura Pradesh Congress Committee (TPCC) has announced it will stage a mass demonstration in front of election returning officers (EROs) across the state on December 31 next demanding an error-free electoral roll.TPCC general secretary and MLA Asish Kumar Saha alleged that despite the best efforts of the Election Commission of India (ECI), the biased attitude EROs and booth returning officers against the ruling CPM has frustrated the mandate of a proper voters' list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17802687", "title": "50 'spotters' to keep an eye on terror suspects", "text": "ALLAHABAD: In an attempt to provide foolproof security to the crores of devotees and VVIPs visiting the Maha Kumbh-2013, the Mela police have sought the assistance of over 50 'spotters' who would keep an eye on persons linked to various terror groups in the country and foil their nefarious designs through preemptive police action.After identifying as many as 62 All-India Security Suspects (AISS), the state police authorities are leaving no stone unturned to offer elaborate security cover in and around Kumbh campus. In this regard, services of spotters have been sought from all states especially, Punjab, Jammu &amp; Kashmir, Bihar, Gujarat and Tamil Nadu.Claiming that Maha Kumbh will be the world's biggest congregation of people, and around 10 crore pilgrims, including 60,000 foreign nationals, would attend the mega event, the Mela police has written to top police brass of all states to \"send spotters to recognize security suspects during the mega event\".Senior Superintendent of Police (SSP), Kumbh Mela, R K S Rathore, said: \"A spotter is a person who can easily recognize security suspects/terrorists/notorious criminals in crowded places and alert the local police authorities. Every state and Union territory has spotters who move to states along with their dignitaries.\"Elaborating further, he said: \"Spotters are people from the security agencies/police department who keep a tab on the activities of persons allegedly involved in anti-national activities and pass on the information to the police for necessary action.\"For instance, if the chief minister or a VVIP of a particular state is scheduled to visit the Kumbh Mela during the mega event, the concerned state police would send its spotters to the Sangam city to keep an eye on the security suspects of their state who could pose a threat to the dignitary and also coordinate with the local police.While the state intelligence agencies have till date received no threat perception regarding the mega event, the security apparatus is working overtime to offer adequate security to each and every visitor, the officer said.The SSP told TOI: \"We have made adequate security arrangements for the Kumbh Mela. Services of spotters have been sought to preempt terror attacks.\"He added that the Mela police has adapted \"Micro-sector security concept\" to ensure safety and security of each and every visitor. Under this, every police man from ranking constables to the level of inspector has been made in charge of a particular micro sector and assigned with specific task and responsibility.\"The SSP, however, added a large number of security personnel, comprising 125 companies of para-military forces, have been deployed for Kumbh Mela security.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17804900", "title": "Naomi Watts salutes Vivek Oberoi\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s charity work", "text": "She plays the role of a tsunami victim in her upcoming film titled The Impossible. And now, Naomi Watts has written an appreciation letter to actor Vivek Oberoi for his contribution towards rehabilitating tsunami hit families in Indian subcontinent.In a letter, Naomi has congratulated the star for adopting a Tamil Nadu village (Thevanapattinam) in 2004. Naomi was deeply moved when she heard that Vivek has been involved in providing welfare for these families.In the letter, she had stated that, \"Words really fail to express how touched I am to see the work you have done for the rehabilitation of the Tsunami-hit families in Thevanapattinam, Tamil Nadu. It takes a lot of courage and immense devotion to be able to take up such a responsibility on one's shoulders.\"When CT contacted Vivek Oberoi, he said, \"To be honest, I was quite surprised that an international star like Naomi Watts knows about the work I did in Thevanapattinam. After the initial surprise, I was very happy and touched. It was a nice feeling.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "17802562", "title": "Probe into scribe killing begins", "text": "IMPHAL: The inquiry committee set up to investigate the killing of TV journalist Thangjam Dwijamani in police firing has begun its probe with the panel members watching the video footage captured by the deceased seconds before he was hit by police bullets.Dwijamani (34), of Thangmeiband Sinam Leikai in Imphal West, was covering a scuffle between the police and protesters near his residence on Sunday when he was hit by two bullets on his chest. He succumbed to his injuries at the RIMS hospital here on the same day.The incident took place on the second day of an indefinite bandh (now called off) imposed by artistes' organizations and various civil bodies of the state to denounce the alleged molestation of Manipuri film actress Khangamebam Momoco by self-styled NSCN(IM) 'Lt Col' Livingstone Anal in Chandel district on December 19.Besides watching the video footage, the probe committee members, including state principal secretary (home) J Suresh Babu, additional DGP LM Khaute and president of the All Manipur Working Journalists' Union (AMWJU) A Mobi, also conducted a spot inquiry at the foothills of Cheiraoching on Thursday.The inquiry panel also recorded testimonies of some witnesses including scribes and cops, sources said.Before joining Doordarshan as a stringer, Dwijamani had worked as a cameraman for a Guwahati-based news channel.The state government has already suspended an assistant sub-inspector of police and disengaged eight Village Defence Force (VDF) personnel in connection with Dwijamani's killing.Members of the agitating Film Forum Manipur (FFM), the All Manipur Shumang Leela Council and various civil bodies on Friday demonstrated at the complex of Iboyaima Shumang Leela Shanglen here demanding the government arrest and punish Livingstone.A delegation of all political parties would visit New Delhi and urge central leaders to hand over Livingstone to the state government soon.The state government has already declared Livingstone as wanted and announced a cash reward of Rs five lakh for his arrest and for providing information leading to his arrest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17804183", "title": "10 Metro stations closed down in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ten Metro stations in Central Delhi were closed down on Saturday for an indefinite period as a precautionary measure by Delhi Police to prevent agitators from reaching India Gate to protest the death of the gang-rape victim.All the stations which were locked down are close to India Gate and Raisina Hills, the epicentre of the protests against the brutal assault of a girl last week.The stations which will remain out of bounds for people are Pragati Maidan, Mandi House, Barakhamba Road, Rajiv Chowk, Patel Chowk, Central Secretariat, Udyog Bhawan, Race Course, Jor Bagh and Khan Market.However, inter-change facility will be available at Rajiv Chowk and Central Secretariat stations, DMRC officials said.The decision to close down the Metro stations was taken by the Delhi Police which is making all out efforts to prevent protesters from reaching India Gate. They have already blocked the entire India Gate area.Police had last week also closed down Metro stations to prevent protesters from reaching the protest sites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17803742", "title": "Soaring power usage short-circuits KSEB plans", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The soaring power consumption pattern in the state post power restrictions has baffled the electricity board. The consumption that dipped to 47 mu the very next day after the electricity regulatory commission introduced penal charges for excessive power consumption on December 13 bounced back to 56 mu on Thursday.The power consumption had soared to 49 mu on December 15 and it had been hovering around 51-52 mu/day on Christmas day. It touched a whopping 56 mu on December 27, for which the board find no significant reasons. The average consumption in the post-loadshedding period was 52 mu even prior to the introduction of penal charges. The board has actually made its plans with the hope that the consumption would not cross the 52-mu mark till the situation improves.\"We have absolutely no clue about where the power consumption is heading to. We first thought people have understood the grim power situation and started using electricity judiciously. But now, it has been proven that even penal charges could not deter them from excessive consumption of power. The board is closely watching the trend. If the consumption trend continues to be like this, the board would not be able to pull on without more stringent measures. May be people have no qualms to spend more money for power,\" says S Venugopal, member finance, KSEB.Sources said the board was finding it difficult to mobilise funds for purchase of electricity from power exchange on a daily basis. It used to spend around Rs 6 crore a day for power from exchange. The board has not been able to mobilise even Rs 1 crore for power purchase in the last few days. As a result, it is forced to over-exploit its hydel sources and this goes against the spirit of its earlier plan for limiting the power generation from hydel sources to 10 mu or below. On Thursday, the power generation from hydel sources crossed 14 mu.The board can generate a maximum 1,800 mu of power with the present water level in major dams. As per the board plans, water in the dams would last till the onset of the next rainy season only if it limits the generation to around 10 mu/day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17802215", "title": "Survey for mapping of onion acreage completed", "text": "NASHIK: The National Horticulture Research and Development Foundation (NHRDF) has completed the ground truth survey for onion mapping in the four onion-growing states of Karnataka, Maharashtra, Gujarat and Madhya Pradesh. The acreage under onion will be compiled along with the analysis of GTS and satellite images by January 2013.NHDF officials have started getting satellite images from the Hyderabad centre of the Indian Speace Research Organisation (ISRO). These images will be analysed with the help of GTS at Geoinformatics Lab at the head office of the foundation at Chitegaon Phata, near Nashik.The GTS was conducted in five districts in Maharashtra in Nashik, Ahmednagar, Pune, Satara and Dhule, and four districts in Madhya Pradesh in Indore, Khandwa, Devas and Sahajapur districts. In Gujarat, the GTS was conducted in Rajkot, Bhavnagar, Amreli and Junagadh districts. In Karnataka, it was conducted at three districts- Gadag, Bijapur and Dharwad districts.Speaking to TOI, a senior NHRDF official said, \"We started conducting GTS in the month of October and began with Karnataka. We have conducted GTS of all four states- Maharashtra, Gujarat, Karnataka and Madhya Pradesh. We are in the process of getting the satellite images from the Hyderabad centre of ISRO. We have already got some satellite images, while rest of the images we are expecting to get by December end. We will start analysing the satellite images with the help of GTS in our Geoinformatics Lab. We will get the estimated acreage of late kharif in the country by the end of January 2013.\"The foundation had commenced remote sensing and field survey techniques project last year to assess onion acreage in the country. In the first phase, the foundation implemented the project on a pilot basis in Maharashtra, Karnataka, MP and Gujarat. \"We got good results and around 75 per cent accuracy. This project will be implemented across the country once the system of onion mapping through satellite is developed. Onion crop area estimated using multiple and single date data for late kharif and summer seasons. Kharif onion area could not be estimated because of non-availability of cloud free satellite images during rainy season,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "17801515", "title": "Greater Noida girl alleges gang rape", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: A Class X student was allegedly gang-raped by her uncles and cousins in Greater Noida on Friday. The victim has alleged that police tried to hush up the incident and were forcing her to reach a compromise with the accused. It was only when locals staged a protest, an FIR was lodged. The village panchayat also allegedly pressured the victim's family for compromise.The victim, a resident of Chaysa village, is an inter college student. She was reportedly kidnapped on Wednesday morning when she was heading to school. The accused in a car stopped the victim and pulled her inside. The girl was found in an unconscious state near the railway track in Dadri in the evening. After regaining consciousness, the girl narrated that two uncles and cousins kidnapped and then raped her.SP (rural) Ashok Kumar said that the family initially had alleged that their girl was kidnapped and thrashed. \"On the basis of that complaint, we had registered an FIR. Now the family has alleged that the victim was also raped. We sent the girl for medical examination and initial report suggests that there were no external injury marks. The final report is pending. We will now also add rape charges in the FIR,\" Kumar said.On Friday, the victim's family and supporters staged a protest demanding early arrest of the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17801995", "title": "Elderly man jumps off building", "text": "KOLKATA: An elderly man was found dead at the basement of a housing complex at Karaya in south Kolkata on Friday morning under mysterious circumstances. The victim has been identified as Suniti Ghosh. The 89-year-old man had retired from Kolkata Port Trust as deputy chairman around thirty years ago. Police believe that he has committed suicide., since he was suffering from depression.Ghosh came to Mainak Apartment on Ashutosh Chowdhury Road in Karaya to meet his friend Animesh Sen, who lives on the eighth floor of the building. Ghosh used to live at Hindustan Park. Around 9.30am, some locals, standing in front of the apartment, heard a loud thud and found an elderly person lying in a pool of blood at the building's basement. The victim was removed to a local hospital where he was declared dead. The locals then informed the Karaya Police.Prima facie, police said, Ghosh came in his own car early in the morning. He stayed at his friend's flat till 9am. \"We spoke to both Sen and his wife. Both confirmed that he left Sen's flat at 9,\" said an investigator. Police are still clueless on how and from where he fell down.Initially, police ruled out any foul play, but could not understand why didn't he take the elevator. \"If he took the stairs, how could his body be found outside,\" was coming down through stairs, then also how he fell outside,\" said an investigator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "17801433", "title": "Nurse death: Oz RJs may not face criminal charges", "text": "MELBOURNE: Two Sydney-based Australian RJs, who pulled off a controversial royal prank on a British hospital treating pregnant Kate Middleton which led to the suicide of a British-Indian nurse, may escape facing criminal charges.London police have made no further contact with the New South Wales police regarding legal proceedings against the RJs Mel Greig and Michael Christian and a top police official in Melbourne said the duo was unlikely to face prosecution.\"We've had no contact with the London Met,\" deputy commissioner Nick Kaldas said. \"We're happy to assist but they're not asking for anything and we don't anticipate they're going to.\"Indian-origin nurse Jacintha Saldanha, 46, was found dead days after she transferred the hoax call to the private chamber of Kate in King Edward VII Hospital in central London.Saldanha has since been buried in India and in one of her three suicide notes she reportedly partially blamed the two DJs for her death.The two RJ's of Australia's radio station 2DayFM are currently off the air since Saldanha's death.Saldanha has since been buried in India and in one of her three suicide notes she reportedly partially blamed the two DJs for her death.Greig and Christian, who posed as Queen Elizabeth and Prince Charles in the prank call to obtain private details of Kate's pregnancy, have claimed to have received death threats and have been moved to safe houses.Condition better, Indian discharged from Bonn hospitalA 24-year-old Indian student, who was brutally assaulted in Bonn on Christmas eve by two men demanding him to convert to Islam, has been discharged from hospital after his condition improved, German police said on Friday. The student, whose identity has not been revealed, is recovering well and his injuries are not as serious as thought initially. Meanwhile, police in Bonn are continuing their search for the two men who had demanded the student to convert to Islam and threatened to cut off his tongue if he refused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17800799", "title": "Five-year-old dies in mishap", "text": "NAGPUR: A rashly driven matador killed a child, aged around five years, near Santra Market on Thursday evening. Sadhuri Sagra alias Atthani was crushed under the wheels of a matador in her sleep on the footpath of the road in front a dargah.Sadhuri, along with her family members, regularly used to sleep at that place. The driver of the matador, who fled the spot after the incident, failed to control his vehicle which veered towards the roadside where some labourers were sleeping. Sadhuri was rushed to Mayo hospital but was declared dead.Ganeshpeth police have registered a case against the matador driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17803630", "title": "Clouds to clear by December 31: Scientist", "text": "LUDHIANA: Even though the biting cold has city residents shivering, there is reason for cheer. According to weather experts, the sky will be clear on New Year's Eve.Kulwinder Kaur Gill, assistant agrometeorologist at Punjab Agricultural University (PAU), said, \"Weather will remain cloudy. There are chances of light showers in the next 24 hours. Although maximum temperature increased from 15 degrees celcius to 17 degrees celsius, minimum temperature stayed put at 7.6 degrees celsius. It was cold and moisture laden south easterly winds intensified the chill.\"With chilly winds sweeping across the city, people resorted to warm woollens, heating appliances and endless rounds of tea and coffee.Sumaira, a student from Dugri Phase 2, said, \"It was cold and windy. We beat the chill by adding thermals to our sweaters and jackets and having tea 10 times a day. I am not venturing outdoors much\". Kulwinder Kaur Gill, assistant agrometeorologist at Punjab Agricultural University (PAU) predicts clear days after December 29. \"The weather is likely to remain clear after December 29. New Year's Eve will be comparatively clear. Although maximum temperature will rise, minimum temperature will fall\".That comes as good news for residents. Ram Pahwa, an industrialist from Pakhowal Road, said, \"Now that a clear sky has been predicted, I plan to go out with my friends. Thankfully, it won't be cloudy because that would have been a real dampener.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17801235", "title": "Life term upheld in 1999 killing of man who took on molester", "text": "MUMBAI: Thirteen years after a city resident was stabbed to death for confronting a sexual harasser in his neighbourhood, the Bombay high court has upheld the life sentence given to the killer. The victim, M Ismail, was murdered after he asked the accused Jagdishkumar Jat: \"Don't you have a mother or sister?\"A division bench of Justices Vijaya Kapse Tahilramani and A R Joshi recently held Jat guilty of murder and outraging the modesty of a woman.\"Looking at the nature of the weapon used, the number and nature of injuries sustained by Ismail and other factors...the intention (of the accused) was to cause bodily injuries that are sufficient in the ordinary course of nature to cause death,\" said the judges. They dismissed the appeal filed by Jat, who is lodged in Nashik Road central prison.The case dates November 28, 1999. Ismail, a Dharavi resident, was standing by a public tap along with his wife Nafisa. An 18-year-old neighbour, Seema (name changed), filled containers of water from the tap and was returning home when Jat waylaid her and caressed her cheek.Seema'a father questioned Jat about his misbehaviour as Ismail and Nafisa too confronted him. Urging Jat to desist from sexually harassing local girls, Ismail asked: \"Don't you have a mother or sister at home?\" This incensed Jat. He stormed into the factory where he worked, acquired a sharp weapon and stabbed Ismail. Though ferried to hospital, Ismail succumbed to his injuries.Jat claimed before the trial court that Ismail died after sustaining injuries in a fall to the ground near the public tap. In 2004, the trial court sentenced him to life imprisonment. Jat filed an appeal against the verdict.When the matter came up for hearing in the high court in November 2012, his lawyer argued that, since there was no premeditation, Jat should be convicted of the lesser offence of culpable homicide not amounting to murder.The judges, however, rejected the plea and pointed to the injuries suffered by Ismail-a fatal blow to the abdomen as well as injuries on hands as he tried to protect himself from further attack.\"The deceased was unarmed. There was no provocation, sudden quarrel or fight. During the assault, the accused did not deal a single but various blows on the victim's body. This shows the intention of the accused,\" said the high court judges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17806463", "title": "Cricket will not be the same without Sachin Tendulkar", "text": "Just as the absence of heat makes us feel cold, the absence of controversies in his resume make Sachin Ramesh Tendulkar the coolest of all Indian icons. Ever wondered what goes into the making of a man who has become a legend in his lifetime? There is a lot more to Sachin than just being a run-machine.His greatness as a batsman lies not in having made more runs than anyone else, but the process he adopted. Sachin's success underlines the fact that talent alone is not enough. It is what you do with it that matters in the final analysis. Not for a second has Sachin let his focus slip. He has always preferred the hard grind to shortcuts. In spite of his cult status and the trimmings (fame, power, wealth) that go with it, Sachin has never let anything interfere with his game.We may not think twice about criticizing him for just about everything - his batting technique, hairstyle, sartorial sense, nomination to Rajya Sabha and his decision to play on - but no matter what you say, or how much the critics crib, you can never provoke a reaction from the Little Master, who believes in keeping his own counsel.CHASING HIS DREAMSThey say, a closed mouth gathers no foot. Never has an Indian celebrity spoken so little and yet inspired so much awe as Sachin. Lack of sound bites has not dimmed the media's enthusiasm to relentlessly pursue the man who has always let his bat do the talking.Not one word out of place, not one step out of turn in his 23-year career in the course of which Sachin has scaled peaks of success that lesser mortals can only dream of.Yet, he continues to be humble and honest - values that his parents had instilled in him at an early age. If at 39, his brand value remains intact, it is because he continues to inspire millions to dream.Sachin, of course, started dreaming about playing for the country quite early. When he was picked in the Indian squad for the Pakistan tour in 1989, Sachin was 16, not even old enough to sign the contract papers sent by BCCI. He continues to live his dream even today.It has been a fascinating journey that has taken him across continents, exposed him to hostile conditions and challenged him to rise to the occasion at every turn. Critics who label him as 'selfish' often lose sight of the fact that Sachin spent his entire teenage life and youth in the service of the nation whose stock in international cricket was not very high.Sachin's Taurian stubbornness was on view in his very first Test match in Karachi when he stood up to Pakistan's hostile three-pronged pace attack, comprising Imran, Wasim and Waqar, but it was not until Silakot that Sachin earned his stripes.On a green, fast and bouncy pitch, Sachin was hit on the bridge of his nose by a snorter from Waqar. He, however, refused to go off the field and took fresh guard after staunching the flow of blood with a handkerchief. His steely resolve and ample talent found full expression in the same over when he twice drove Waqar to the cover boundary even as placards saying, \"Go home and drink milk\" went up in the stands. Seniors in the squad like Kapil, Vengsarkar, Shastri and Srikkanth were all very protective of the teenager on his maiden tour, but that was the day when Sachin came of age and the nation fell in love with him.PRISONER OF FAMEToday he is the elder statesman in the side, but such is his stature that youngsters half his age hero-worship him. He has had to constantly work on his game to remain one step ahead of bowlers are always on the lookout for the most prized scalp in international cricket.It will be unfair to dismiss Sachin as an intensely private person who shuns public life. True, like most celebrities, Sachin too is a prisoner of his own fame, but those who have shared time and space with the \"master\" describe him as a \"regular\" guy who relaxes by listening to music, prefers seafood, loves to drive fast cars and enjoys the company of his family most. He is used to being mobbed. Just about everyone, his fans and opponents included, wants a piece of the man who had \"reminded \" the peerless Donald Bradman \"of himself\".He has the temperament of a hermit. He is not known to refuse an autograph-seeker or pose for a photograph. Even when he has got a poor umpiring decision, he's never thrown a tantrum. The only occasions when we have seen him a touch agitated is when someone moved across the sight screen. When it is between him and the bowler, he brooks no interference. It was mainly due to his discomfiture at the crease that the ICC has been obliged to raise the height of sight screens at all international venues.His teammates have marvelled at his genius while batting with him. Rahul Dravid admitted to getting a \"weird\" feeling when he found spectators starting to clap after being dismissed cheaply. Later he realised that it was in anticipation of the Little Master's arrival at the crease!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "17803805", "title": "Now, minor gangraped in Barmer", "text": "JAISALMER: There seems to be no let up in crimes against women despite the anger on the streets. A minor girl was gangraped in Rawatsar township of Barmer district on Thursday night. However, cops acted with alacrity and nabbed two of the accused while the third is on the run.The girl was returning from a wedding with her aunt when three youths abducted her in a jeep. The girl's aunt raised an alarm and some villagers chased the vehicle but the group managed to escape. They then took the girl to a deserted place and raped her. She was found on Friday morning in a bloody condition.In fact, at first the terrified girl could not even speak before her family members. However, when the family saw the torn clothes and injuries of the girl, she mustered some courage and told her mother about the incident. Later, the family approached the police and lodged a case of kidnapping and gangrape. The two men who were arrested have been identified as Manohar Lal, a resident of Kapuri village and Narendra Singh belonging to Khadin village. The third accused, Shera Ram, is on the run.The Barmer police has taken serious note of the incident and has formed eight teams to search for the accused. The district has been sealed. SP Rahul Barhat said police will present the challan in the court soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17806279", "title": "Ranchi youths jump on to e-book bandwagon", "text": "City youngsters \u00e2\u20ac\u201d who are increasingly going for e-books \u00e2\u20ac\u201d have left the cash-strapped libraries in the lurch. We explorePicture this. There used to be almost 12-13 well-stocked libraries in Ranchi, in Circa 1965, when the city's population used to be just 3,69,450. Fast forward to 2012 and with a population of 11 lakh, most of these libraries have fallen into a state of disregard. With the advent of modern communication devices \u00e2\u20ac\u201d which also lets a user read electronic versions of their favourite books \u00e2\u20ac\u201d sale of hard copies at the bookstores as well as memberships at libraries have come crashing down.Abnav Thakur, an MTech student at BIT Mesra, who recently got an iPad on his birthday, is busy purchasing electronic versions of his favourite books. \"One iPad can hold thousands of books, so it saves space. Also, e-books are relatively cheaper to buy as well. I can carry them wherever I want to. I guess it is high time libraries also upgrade the infrastructure to attract the new generation,\" he says.Similarly, Aastha Banerjee, another student and a self-confessed booklover feels that e-books are the need of the hour as they are easier to get hold of. Also, they are environment friendly as you don't need to cut trees to publish them. \"In fact, I had JK Rowling's latest in my inbox within an hour of its launch in London while the physical copy will take time to appear on the shelves of local bookstores,\" she says.Consequently, with the rise in number of smartphones in Ranchi, the bookstores in the city are also registering growing number of enquiries for e-books. Suketu Jha, owner of a prominent book store in the city tells us, \"Though the sale of hardbound copies increased this year, we are facing increased enquiries from our customers, mainly youngsters, for e-book versions of bestsellers. While the book publishers still don't encourage the sale of over-the-counter e-books in the form of CDs, they allow websites to sell the e-version as they have mechanisms to restrict piracy.\"However, e-books are not good news for libraries. The libraries \u00e2\u20ac\u201d which are already staring at the rapid loss of patrons \u00e2\u20ac\u201d are also finding it difficult to maintain and buy new books in face of dwindling resources.Says Laxman Lal, librarian at city-based International library (formerly British council library), \"Even five-six years back, we used to have almost 2,000 members, but now the number has come down to just 1,400. Also, majority of youngsters are not interested in reading literature or reference books, but come to read preparatory material for the various competitive examinations. Since these books are not available in electronic format, the youngsters have no other option but to either buy those books or read them in a library. Hence, we are also forced to fill our shelves with text books. We buy other books only when there is demand for it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "17803484", "title": "Cuttack Municipal Corporation fails to give houses to slum dwellers", "text": "CUTTACK: Slum dwellers of Tanlasahi in Tulasipur and Andarpur had hoped to move into pucca houses this year. With the housing project yet to take off in the city, they continue to shiver in their hutments as winter chill continues.The Cuttack Municipal Corporation (CMC) in 2010 had promised the slum dwellers pucca houses under the Integrated Housing and Slum Development Programmes (IHSDP). The civic body has so far received Rs 22 crore from the Centre for the slum rehabilitation project, but the construction work is yet to begin.\"CMC had promised to complete the work within a year. The civic body has again failed to keep its words,\" said Dhirendra, a slum deweller.Over 383 families residing in Tanlasahi and 475 families of Andarpur slum were assured of a single-room pucca house with a bathroom, kitchen, electricity and water supply. As per the plans, three-storey buildings will be constructed at these two places to rehabilitate the slum dwellers and each flat would cost around Rs 1.5 lakh. Under IHSDP, the Centre bears 90% while the beneficiary pays 10% of the cost.CMC officers said work on the buildings would begin soon. \"We were facing some problems in land acquisition but now everything has been sorted out,\" Mayor of Cuttack Saumendra Ghose said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17807153", "title": "Extreme cold in Rajasthan, Ganganagar at 1.6 degree C", "text": "JAIPUR: Extreme cold continued in Rajasthan with Sri Ganganagar recording a low of 1.6 degree Celsius even as the night temperature in other parts of the state increased marginally today.Sri Ganganagar was coldest in the state while Jaisalmer, Bikaner, Churu and Pilani recorded the minimum of 4.4, 5.7, 5.9 and 6.7 degree celsius, according to Met office here.Other places including Dabok, Jaipur and Ajmer recorded night temperature between 8 degree Celsius to 10.6 degree Celisus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17803198", "title": "High air pollution choking Indore", "text": "INDORE: Here is a news to worry for Indoreans. The level of air pollution in the city is increasing with every passing year and so is the amount of suspended particulates (PM10).This can be scary for the city residents with the new findings of Global Burden of Disease (GBD) count, a global initiative involving the World Health Organization, revealing that air pollution has emerged as one of the top 10 killers in the world. GBD findings say 65 per cent of the air pollution deaths occur in Asia and close to quarter of this in India. Indore ranks among 20 most polluted cities of India.Chief chemist of Madhya Pradesh Pollution Control Board (MPPCB) Aparna Bapat said the on-going construction activities, increasing traffic and population are the main reasons behind increasing pollution in the city. The level of PM 10 (dust particulates) is more than double the normal level here.According to statistics of MPPCB, yearly average of PM 10 in Indore is in the range of 125 to 140 in year 2012 against 101 to 128 in year 2010. The standard level of PM 10 is 60. The level of PM 10 is constantly increasing in different parts of the city.Bapat said high level of dust particulate in the air causes lung problems and respiratory-related problems. It easily goes inside our body during respiration process and damages body functioning.Executive director of research and advocacy and head of air pollution unit, Centre for Science and Environment (CSE) said air pollution has emerged as one of the major health risks for the country.Elaborating about the alarming threat to human health due to air pollution, he said according to air pollution around 3.2 million deaths have occurred world wide. In Asia, air pollution has emerged among the top 10 'killers.' The new GBD estimates over 2.1 million premature deaths and 52 million years of healthy lives lost in 2010 due to fine particle air pollution in Asia, out of this 7,12,000 deaths occurred in South Asia (including India).Environment expert, Suresh Surana said every year nearly one lakh vehicles are added on Indore road. As of now, Indore has a population of around 25 lakh and nearly 13 lakh vehicles ply on roads. Construction of houses, malls and road is in progress across the city and it is contributing to increase in air pollution.\"Fog of dust particles can be seen on AB Road even in the night which is not good for health,\" Surana said adding no one can escape toxic air. It is a risky affair for all particularly the children, elderly, and poor. Long latency period can even lead to serious consequences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17807868", "title": "Himesh and Atif at loggerheads", "text": "Superstars Himesh Reshammiya and Atif Aslam who had been in loggerheads throughout the season of COLORS' singing reality show Sur Kshetra took their rivalry into the Grand Finale to epic heights.Their battles created the atmosphere of a live Indo-Pak cricket match. Himesh kept on reinforcing his belief that Diljaan was the ideal contender to win the show, according to him, \"Agar Sur ki baat ki jaye toh Diljaan ka koi muqabla nahi\" .Adding further he said, \"I know that I have been labelled aggressive in the show but the intent for my aggression was only for the betterment of the participants. I believe anything done for a good cause is justified.\"When asked if his aggression put a lot of pressure on the participants Himesh replied, \"At such a large stage there is bound to be pressure, but I believe that there is a lot more pressure on the jury than on the contestants as now it is upto the jury to decide who is the most deserving winner. I wish the jury as well as the contestants all the best\"Atif on the other hand strongly objected to this and has his own favourite in Nabeel saying he was more versatile. Atif said, \"It makes me very happy when I hear that I am as aggressive as Himesh is, I take it as a compliment. After being a part of the show I now realize the reason behind Himesh's aggression; I understand that it is his sincerity and the effort that he takes for the show which makes him aggressive. Although I have had a lot of fights in the show I still believe I am the laadla on the sets.\"It seems that the singers are as emotional about their motherlands as they are attached to their passion of music. Well all we can say is all is fair in love and war and in Sur Kshetra there is both, love for music and war for the coveted trophy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17805468", "title": "Ozzy Osbourne to get his own airport?", "text": "Singer Ozzy Osbourne is reportedly set to have an airport named after him.The 64-year-old has been put forward to be the new title of Birmingham International Airport after council bosses decided to name it after a local hero.Record company boss Jim Simpson believes it would be a fitting tribute to the singer, who was born in Aston in the English city.''I believe it would be a master stroke that would instantly confound the cynics. How does The Ozzy Osbourne International Airport resonate? The message says, 'Hey world, we are proud of our own.' Ozzy might not always have been a paragon of virtue, but he is a genuine, flesh and blood Brummie,\" contactmusic.com quoted Simpson as saying.Councillor Philip Parkin has confirmed talks had taken place to change the name of the terminals and that a tribute to Ozzy or Black Sabbath has been considered.When asked whether he'd be prepared to change the title of the airport, he replied: ''It's an interesting idea and I've got an open mind. I would be interested to know what people thought about it.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17803758", "title": "12 traffic signals soon to ease out traffic congestion", "text": "RAIPUR: With a view to provide relief to the city's motorized traffic from vehicular congestion, at least 12 traffic signals would soon be installed within the city limits, in joint collaboration with Raipur municipal corporation and city traffic police. After months of planning to install signals at 20 points, the civic body has installed around eight traffic signals in the city.Vehicular population growing at a faster pace, the traffic system is not only expected to ease traffic management but also provide relief to city's motorized traffic from congestion.Talking to TOI, additional superintendent of police, traffic, Balram Hirwani said, \"The traffic police surveys all the important points that needs installation of signals and forwards the information in the form of a proposal to RMC.\" At present, eight signals have been installed at the most sensitive points that include Telibandha, Anupam Nagar, Byron Bazar, Banjari Chowk, Vivekanand Ashram Chowk, Police Line, T I Chowk Budhapara and Tatyapara Chowk, Hirwani added.Currently, there are 16 signals in the city and after the installation of all the proposed signals, it would shoot the figure to 28.He added that the RMC uses the PPP model (Public-Private Partnership). \"The proposed points for installing signals are Avanti Bai Chowk, Sharda Chowk, Lakhenagar, Dagania Turning, Mohababazaar, PWD Chowk, Purani Basti, near police station, Siddharth Chowk, Agrasen Chowk, Station Chowk and Kali mandir Chowk.\" Out of those proposed, many signals were installed at once while the work for others is underway.A college student Sanjeev Bhatt said, \"Installation of signal was much needed at Telibandha and Bayron Bazaar. They were prone to accidents and witnessed at least three accidents everyday. Still there are few areas which need signals or closure with dividers. Spots in Civil Lines and Shankar Nagar which invite accidents need proper dividers or deployment of policemen.\"Another commuter Mamta Juneja said, \"The installation of traffic signals can be appreciated but there are many aspects that need to be looked upon. Look at the rash auto-drivers, the traffic violators who cross the red light signals. They should be explained the purpose of zebra crossing .The campaign 'Win With The Times' would help in spreading awareness on traffic rules.\"Traffic gyan:The yellow light is not to speed up your vehicle and make it across the signal. You should stop if you are within a limited speed once the light turns yellow.Working signals:S R P Chowk, Khajana Chowk, Shastri Chowk, Marhi Mata Chowk, Devendra Nagar, Fafadih Chowk, Jai Stambh Chowk and Amapara Chowk.New signals after proposal: Telibandha, Anupam Nagar, Byron Bazar, Banjari Chowk, Vivekanand Ashram Chowk, Police Line, T I Chowk Budhapara and Tatyapara ChowkNew signals sought:Avanti Bai Chowk, Sharda Chowk, Lakhenagar, Dagania Turning, Mohababazaar, PWD Chowk, Purani Basti, near police station, Siddharth Chowk, Agrasen Chowk, Station Chowk and Kali mandir Chowk", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17801542", "title": "NRG doctor strives to heal his homeland", "text": "VADODARA: Thakor G Patel was not even born in Gujarat, his grandfather had moved to Kenya at the turn of the last century from Pij village in Charotar. But schooling in Sherwood college, Nainital and then five years of studying medicine in SSG hospital back in the late 60s made this Navy veteran connect to his roots in such a manner that despite several accolades back in the US along with a very fulfilling career, his heart still beats for Gujarat.That's why the good doctor keeps coming back to his native state like a man on a mission.For the last two and a half years, the 67-year old nephrologist is running a pilot project called 'Sevak', under which nearly 20,000 villages all over the state have been screened for diseases like high blood pressure and diabetes.Last year, his intervention- a meeting with CM Narendra Modi brought medicines for these diseases to primary health centres- that were not being stocked earlier.The project is modeled on Independent Duty Corpsman (IDC) of the US Navy - Dr Patel and his pediatrician wife served in US Navy for more than two decades, including a stint in Saudi Arabia for Op Desert Storm and at Pearl Harbour.He also organized the first ever medical war game for the Navy. Patel is a recipient of several military and civilian awards like Legion of Merit, Combat Action Ribbon, Kuwait Liberation Medal and Exemplary service award from the department of veteran affairs.His daughter is an analyst in the state department and has assisted former US Secretary of State, Condoleezza Rice .\"It all started with the Indian community back in the US,\" explains the physician.Patel, whose achievements include a rare Master position in the American College of Physicians - of the 100,000 members of the college, only about 400 are Masters- he was working with the American Association of Physicians of Indian Origin (AAPIO) when they started screening the Indian community members and realized that a shocking 50% had cholesterol abnormalities and central obesity.Another 17% had diabetes and most of them were completely unaware of the fact.\"One colleague then conducted a similar screening in six villages of Tamil Nadu and found 8% of the population suffering from diabetes. It became a moral issue for us then. What were we going to do now that we had found such a disturbing trend?\" said Patel.The dilemma brought Patel to Gujarat and he did a study in Karakhadi village in Vadodara where 10% of the population was found to be suffering from high BP and they were not aware of it.He found the solution in the IDC model and started training volunteers. So far, Patel has spent $ 150,000 on this project.Patel has studied with classmates who are famous personalities like Kabir Bedi and Ajitabh Bachhan and they are also his friends.\"They are happy that I am doing this kind of work in India, especially in the rural areas and helping cure so many lives in my own little way,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17803199", "title": "3 months on, councillors want green fee scrapped", "text": "SHIMLA: Barely three months after the government levied green fee on vehicles from outside the state entering Shimla, some municipal corporation councillors here have proposed its abolition. At a meeting held here on Friday, they claimed that it was serving no purpose and recommended extending exemption to local vehicles beyond the initial three-month period.The green fee was implemented on September 15, and vehicles owned by Shimla residents but bearing non-HP registration were given an exemption of three months. The fee being levied according to vehicle type is Rs 100 for two-wheelers, Rs 200 for cars, Rs 300 for SUVs and Rs 500 for buses, trucks and other big vehicles entering the city through the four MC barriers including Shoghi, Tutu, Mehli and Dhalli.Councillors Anup Vaidya, Saroj Thakur, Sushant Kapret, Rajni and nominated councilor Jaswinder Singh besides others wanted the green fee to be scrapped off. They added that the green fee was introduced with an objective of developing the city as a tourist-friendly place. They reasoned that no parking facilities were being provided to tourists even after paying green fee, as is being done in Manali.Commissioner MP Sood said, \"The issue of extension of exemption to locals can only be decided after decision by the state high court as the matter is sub-judice following two PILs questioning MC's decision to implement the green fee.\"Sood added that initially a list of 187 vehicles was provided to the company managing the toll barriers and later 307 more vehicle number were added to the list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17803569", "title": "Health research funds up five-fold in 12th Plan: Ghulam Nabi Azad", "text": "PUNE: Union health and family welfare minister Ghulam Nabi Azad said on Friday that more than Rs 10,000 crore were earmarked for the department of health research and Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) in the 12th Plan, almost five times the funds allocated in the 11th Plan.He said that under the 12th Plan, the ministry aimed to establish multidisciplinary research units in 150 government medical colleges and a network of 250 laboratories at regional, state and district levels to manage epidemics.He was speaking at a function organised to inaugurate the bio-safety level 4 (BSL-4) laboratory at the National Institute of Virology (NIV) in Pashan.Azad said that health has been given a central position in the 12th Plan and the outlay for health, including health research, has gone up substantially.\"Other projects the ministry would focus on in the 12th Plan include setting up of 50 rural health units at the block level and providing aid to researchers for projects involving development of affordable technologies, reagents and method of public use. Steps will be planned to strengthen the existing ICMR institutes and set up new centres in deficit areas, to update standard treatment guidelines regularly, benchmark and accredit health research institutions and support human resource development to produce qualified researchers,\" the minister said.Azad added that the NIV has played a major role in studying diseases of national and international concern like SARS, avian influenza, besides the influenza A H1N1 pandemic. The WHO has designated NIV as a collaborating centre for emerging diseases, national influenza centre and H5 reference laboratory.He said that the laboratory network was being strengthened in the country. As many as 16 new laboratories - 14 BSL-2 and two BSL-3 - have been set up to work on viral diseases and tuberculosis. The number of laboratories working on research has gone up from two to 46 in a span of one year.Director general, ICMR, and secretary of department of health research V M Katoch, National Disaster Management Authority member J K Bansal, NIV director A C Mishra and state forest minister Patangrao Kadam were also present.The BSL-4 laboratory at NIV is the country's first laboratory with such high grading and unique capacity of testing highly infectious and dangerous viruses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17802677", "title": "Man held for exploiting &amp; duping woman of Rs 5 lakh, jewellery", "text": "JAIPUR: A man was arrested by the Jawahar Nagar police on Friday for sexually exploiting a 34-year-old woman and duping her of Rs 5 lakh cash and jewellery.The woman, who belongs to Delhi, alleged that the accused exploited her by assuring her that they would get married. The man took her money and jewellery on the pretext of buying a piece of land for her. However, she alleged that the accused did not return the money nor struck the land deal.According to SHO, Jawahar Nagar Surendra Singh, the man, identified as Ashok Kumar , stayed in a rented accommodation at Gol Market in Jawahar Nagar. \"The victim belongs to Delhi's Sadar Bazaar area and had estranged from her husband a few years ago. She had come to Jaipur and joined a private company in Bani Park,\" said the officer.Ashok ran a mobile shop in Bani Park and developed a relationship with the woman, the officer said. \"The victim says that he sexually exploited her for two years on the promise of marrying her. She was staying with him. He also took Rs 5 lakh from her and some jewellery,\" the officer added.The victim approached senior police officers following which an FIR was registered against the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "17805577", "title": "Indian shoved under New York subway train", "text": "NEW YORK: The 46-year old man who was pushed to his death in front of a subway train here by a \"mumbling\" woman has been identified as Sunando Sen, an Indian who lived in the city's Queens neighbourhood.Sen was killed after the woman shoved him on to the tracks of an oncoming train in a Queens subway station late Thursday night.The incident was the second time this month that a person was pushed on to the subway tracks by a fellow commuter.New York Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly said the police is still searching for the female suspect, who raced down two flights of stairs after the attack and disappeared into a crowd on the street.Sen had opened a small copying and printing business this year in the city's Upper West Side.He was hit by the first car of the train and his body was pinned under the second car before the 11-car train came to a stop.The condition of Sen's body had made it difficult for the police to identify him and investigators used his phone and a medicine bottle he was carrying for his identification.Police said his family in India has been notified.According to Sen's roommates, he was not married and his parents were dead.A R Suman, one of the four roommates with whom Sen had shared a small apartment, described him as a \"very educated person and quite nice\".\"It is unbelievable. He never had a problem with anyone,\" Suman said in a New York Times report.There was no video at the subway station and the New York Police Department released a surveillance video from near the station showing the suspect running away from the scene.The woman has been described as a 5 feet 5 inch tall Hispanic in her 20s wearing a blue, white and gray jacket and sneakers.New York Police Department chief spokesman Paul Browne said according to witnesses, the woman had been following Sen closely and was mumbling to herself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "17802471", "title": "Night landing facility at Gaya airport remains suspended", "text": "GAYA: The state government's claim of promoting tourism in Bihar sounds hollow given the fact that the airport at one of the most important tourist sites has no night-landing facilities since 2008.Bodh Gaya is important for Bihar not only because the maximum number of foreign tourists visit the place but for security reasons as well. Extra vigil is required at the Gaya International Airport in view of the threat perceptions and subversive designs of the Maoists. But the night landing facility for aircraft at the airport has not been revived after the devices installed in February, 2008, for the then President Pratibha Patil's visit for MU convocation, went missing.A few months after Patil's visit to Bodh Gaya, the surveillance devices installed at the nearby hillocks, including Brahmajoni, were stolen and the Airports Authority of India ( AAI) suspended night operations for an indefinite period. No initiative has been taken thereafter to reinstall the devices and resume night operations at the airport.As of now, regular flights of Air India , Druk Air, Mihin Lanka, Mayanmar Airways International and Thai Airways land and take off only during day time. With tourist season at its peak in December, chartered flights, too, frequent the airport.According to tour operators in Bodh Gaya, night landing facility at the airport may give a fillip to the tourism business as winter days are small and the working period of the airport remains very limited and does not suit a sizeable number of tourists having time constraints.According to Gaya SSP Vinay Kumar , on several occasions, he has assured airport authorities of adequate police protection if night landing devices are installed again in the airport vicinity. The SSP had raised the issue of night landing device installation during the visit of the Thai and Laos prime ministers a few days back but the airport officials' response was not very positive, said Kumar.According to insiders, one reason why the airport officials are not interested in the revival of night landing facility is that it would increase the workload for which the airport personnel are not very enthusiastic about.When contacted, the airport director, SK Biswas, said he was not in a position to say anything on the issue of night landing device installation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17803337", "title": "Inquiry panel seeks info from public", "text": "NEW DELHI: The commission of inquiry constituted under Justice (retired) Usha Mehra to review responses to the December 16 gang rape and suggest measures to improve safety and security of women in Delhi has requested the public to provide information about the incident by January 10.The panel has also asked the public to suggest measures to improve the safety and security of women particularly in Delhi and the National Capital Region.\"Any information, suggestions and responses could be sent through email at usha.mehracommission@nic.in or through Fax at 011-23093750 latest by January 10,\" a home ministry statement said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17802072", "title": "Mandur readies for battle", "text": "BANGALORE: The BBMP's volte-face on the February 1 deadline has confirmed Mandur's worst fears. Now, the villagers are bracing to oppose what they term \"betrayal by BBMP\". There are enough indications they will not allow dumping of garbage in the village from January 1.A meeting between chief minister Jagadish Shettar and Mahadevapura MLA and health minister Aravind Limbavali on Monday is likely to hold the key to how events unfold in Mandur. The village falls in Mahadevapura constituency.C Thammanna, a gram panchayat member, confirmed that villagers are holding confabulations to decide the fate of their village. \"We haven't got a written agreement from BBMP on February 1 as the deadline for dumping garbage. It is not acceptable if they now say there's no such deadline. We are mulling over stopping trucks from January 1,\" he said.The villagers said there were enough signs the BBMP would not adhere to the deadline. According to the BBMP's oral promise, the garbage load sent to the two landfills was to be reduced progressively. By January 1, the load was to come down to 50 trucks and touch five trucks by January 31. But the BBMP is sending 200 garbage trucks to the landfill, they point out.Venugopal, another GP member, said: \"We'll leave this village rather than allow dumping to continue here and destroy us. Mandur will become a part of history.\"Commissioner Siddaiah, however, said he was confident of getting Mandur's villagers aboard the BBMP's waste management plans. \"We'll address the issues of children, agriculturists and elders in the village. We'll insulate the land where waste is dumped and processed, from the rest of the village. We might not use the landfill only for dumping. After some time, it may also be a site for processing waste,\" he said.Referring to the villagers' resistance, Siddaiah said, \"BBMP has earmarked Rs 9 crore for infrastructure development in Mandur. We've already released Rs 4.5 crore for roads. We'll also provide drinking water, carry out deodoration and hold health camps. We've invited tenders for the leachate treatment project and work will begin in 20 days.\"Experts speak:Landfills are not the solution. We must reduce the quantity of mixed waste going to landfills. Decentralized solid waste management must come in. We must not stretch our dependency on Mandur. Even after launching the segregation-at-source campaign on October 1, there is a lack of awareness among the public. The assembly must pass a bill on mandatory segregation of waste. Bangalore appears to be headed towards epidemic emergency.Dr Meenakshi Bharat | solid waste management round table memberIt is not the commissioner's responsibility alone to meet deadlines. He is only an administrator. It is the responsibility of the mayor, council and political leadership of Bangalore, which has to find alternatives to landfills and draw up solutions. Only then can deadlines be met.Ashwin Mahesh | urban expertWaste-to-energy back on railsOn Friday, the BBMP council approved the resumption of a solid waste management contract with Organic Waste Private Limited. The meeting followed a directive from the Karnataka high court.\"The company had an agreement with BBMP to process waste and convert it into energy, but it never took off. On the 25 acres given to the company at Mandur, the BBMP kept dumping waste and the project did not start. Now, we can given them 1,000 tonnes of waste per day and the required space,\" said BBMP in-charge commissioner Siddaiah.The curious case of an in-charge commissionerThe BBMP officially has only an in-charge commissioner in Siddaiah, principal secretary (higher education) The incumbent, Rajneesh Goel, has been sent on forced leave for a fortnight.Though Goel is officially slated to return any time, Siddaiah talks of long-term plans and turning on its head several of earlier solid waste management strategies. When asked, all that Siddaiah said: \"I don't know for how many more days I will be here. It's left to the government on whether I would be continued or not.\"At a council meeting on Friday, corporators though were euphoric on Siddaiah's posting at the helm of BBMP and profusely thanked the government for the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17802198", "title": "3 suspects in police custody till January 7", "text": "NASHIK: Three of the five suspects accused of raping an 18-year-old student of the ashram school at Palsan in Surgana tehsil, were remanded in police custody on Friday till January 7.The accused were Suresh Sonu Pawar (22), Dinkar Manohar Gangurde, (24) and Savliran Eknath Nikule, of Palsan near Surgana. Questioning of two more suspects is underway. One of them is a minor, said Surgana police.Meanwhile, the 18-year-old victim was on Thursday shifted to Civil Hospital for medical examination. Civil surgeon B D Pawar informed that the victim has been admitted in the hospital for the medical examination and will be discharged in a day or two.The civil surgeon, however, refused to give a preliminary report about the victim. He said that the samples had been sent to Dhule Medical College and the report was awaited.According to the police, the victim, a class XII student of Palsan government ashram shala, was going to attend nature's call on Sunday around 4 pm when four youths of the village raped her.Police said that the accused had threatened her of dire consequences if she went to the police, following which it took time for the victim to inform her parents and lodge a complaint against them.The victim approached the police on Thursday morning and lodged the complaint. The case is being investigated by DSP Sachin Gunjal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17801645", "title": "Six govt colonies in south Delhi to go vertical", "text": "NEW DELHI: Six of the major government colonies located in prime locations in south Delhi, including Srinivaspuri, East Kidwai Nagar and Moti Bagh, would go vertical over the next few years.The Union urban development ministry has decided to exploit the floor area ratio (FAR) in these colonies to build high-rises coupled with adequate open space and community facilities.At a meeting held recently at the ministry headquarters it has been decided to undertake redevelopment of Srinivaspuri and East Kidwai Nagar in the first phase. Senior ministry officials said it would take at least five years to change the landscape of these two government colonies since \"any redevelopment of a functional colony takes that much time\".\"Obviously, the height of residential blocks would be subject to clearance from the Airport Authority of India (AAI). Moreover, we will seek the advice of Delhi Urban Art Commission (DUAC) on the utilization of the FAR,\" said a senior ministry official.While Central Public Works Department (CPWD) has been entrusted with transforming Srinivaspuri, the National Buildings Construction Corporation (NBCC) has taken up the redevelopment work of East Kidwai Nagar. In East Kidwai Nagar, which has around 2,200 flats, the construction of high-rises would ramp up the figure to around 4,700 apartments.At a later stage, CPWD will carry out a similar exercise in Mohammedpur and Sarojini Nagar, whereas NBCC would undertake projects in Netaji Nagar and Kasturba Gandhi Nagar.Officials said that this \"long-term\" exercise would result in at least 40%-50% increase in number of official flats/accommodations in the city. These colonies will have at least 10% land dedicated for commercial use \u00e2\u20ac\u201d something that is allowed under the redevelopment scheme in the national Capital. This norm is applicable as per the refinancing plan approved by the government. There are indications that the government bodies like CPWD and NBCC can adopt the mechanism of leasing office space to finance the redevelopment work.Sources claimed there would be no compromise as far as providing enough open space, parks and parking facilities are concerned while exploiting the FAR.Delhi has about 30 such government colonies, which were built largely between 1950s and 1960s to house Central government employees. According to government estimates, majority of these colonies have a density of less than 300 people per hectare (ppha), while the rest are in the 300-600 ppha range in comparison to the prescribed norm of accommodating 875 ppha as prescribed in the Delhi Master Plan 2001.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17801579", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcKnowledge of history must for politicians\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "MUMBAI: History holds a lesson for the rulers that excessive abuse of power breeds revolution, Maharashtra governor K Sankaranarayanan said on Friday. He said a large mass of voiceless humanity cannot be taken for granted for long.The governor was addressing a gathering of over 2,500 historians from across the country at the 73rd session of the Indian History Congress at the University of Mumbai's Kalina campus. Friday was the first day of the three-day conference.Saying there is a general consensus that history is the universal teacher of mankind, the governor observed that rulers must remain sensitive to the needs and developmental aspirations of the socio-economically backward sections of society. \"I feel that the politicians in India must have a basic knowledge of history. They should also have knowledge of the history of our neighbouring countries and that of the major countries of the world,\" Sankaranarayanan said.Higher and technical education minister Rajesh Tope showed his concern over the declining enrolment of students for social science courses. \"It is unfortunate that none of the Indian universities figure in the top 500 across the world. It is high time we find solutions,\" said Tope. The vice-chancellor of Mumbai University, Rajan Welukar, said they are hosting the event for the third time. \"This time the number of research papers that will be presented in the event is over 1,000.\"Former Mumbai university professor J V Naik delivered the S C Misra Memorial Lecture. He recognized Raghunath Dhondo Karve as \"modern India's unsung pioneer of the sex education movement\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "suri", "code": "17802032", "title": "Man shot dead in Nanoor clash", "text": "SURI: A man was killed in a clash between two groups of people in Benera village under Nanoor police station on Friday. Family members of Sadhan Majhi, the victim, said he did not belong to any political party and was caught in the clash on his way back home on Friday.Locals said the clash was a fallout of rivalry between two Trinamool Congress factions. District Trinamool leaders described it as a clash between \"two groups of anti-socials\".Bolpur SDPO Prasanta Chowdhury said: \"Two rival groups clashed. Police found the man with bullet injuries and sent him to Bolpur subdivisional hospital where doctors declared him dead.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17802672", "title": "Mela authorities flayed for insulting Shankaracharyas", "text": "ALLAHABAD: During a meeting of Vishwa Sanatan Dharma Parishad on Friday, speakers flayed the Mela authorities for failing to safeguard the honour and dignity of Shankaracharyas.Parishad convenor Manoj Kumar Manasvi said that Kumbh Mela was started by Adi Shankaracharya to spread the message of universal peace and brotherhood. The Mela authorities allotted land to all the four Shankaracharyas in close vicinity where they performed bhumi pujan and set up camp.Later, the officials asked the Shankaracharyas to vacate the land which amounts to insulting them. As a result, representatives of all the four Shankaracharyas have left the Mela and proceeded elsewhere.Other speakers demanded restoration of land to Shankaracharyas at the allotted spot, failing which a public movement would be started by the parishad.Office-bearers of Veer Senani Poorva Sainik Kalyan Samiti, led by its patron Shyam Sundar Singh Patel stated that insult of Shankaracharyas would not be tolerated.Ex-servicemen and their families would start a movement, demanding restoration of honour and dignity of Shankaracharyas, who have been forced to pull out of the Mela due to faulty policies of the officials. The incident has deeply hurt the sentiments of Hindus across the globe for whom Shankaracharyas are deeply revered and respected. Hindus are duty bound to protect the honour and prestige of the seers and the issue would be raised at all levels.Demanding removal of mela adhikari for shabby treatment meted out to Shankaracharyas, Congress leader Tariq Saeed 'Ajjoo' said that instead of providing better amenities to saints and pilgrims, the officials concerned about their luxuries at Kumbh Mela.He said that serious irregularities have been reported in allotment of land and shops. The funds allotted by state and Central governments is being squandered by officials. Despite the fact that there is no dearth of funds, the officials have failed to provide minimum facilities to pilgrims and saints.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "singapore", "code": "17804137", "title": "Delhi gang-rape victim's body to be brought back today", "text": "SINGAPORE: The body of the Delhi gang-rape victim, who died on Saturday morning, will be flown to India by a special chartered aircraft on Saturday afternoon.Indian High Commissioner to Singapore T C A Raghavan told reporters that the family of the girl including her parents will accompany the body.The chartered aircraft is expected to arrive here from India between 3pm and 4pm (12:30pm - 1:30pm IST), he said adding that the family is yet to decide about their plans for the last rites once the body reaches Delhi.Addressing a press conference, Raghavan said the formalities, including getting a death certificate, for sending her body were being completed. Once they are done, the body will be flown back.\"We extend our deepest condolences to the members of the family of the girl,\" he said.The envoy said he has passed on the condolence message of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to the family in which he had spoken of the desire to make India a demonstrably better and safe place for women to live in.Raghavan said the high commission has received numerous messages from various quarters including the Singapore government deeply mourning the death.He appreciated the help extended by the Singapore Foreign Ministry, the government and the Mount Elizabeth Hospital for all their support in the last two days.Replying to questions on the shifting of the girl from Delhi to Singapore, he said consultations were held between doctors of Safdarjung hospital and Mount Elizabeth Hospital and they must have given full thought to it before taking it.Asked whether doctors felt that she could have died to her shift from Delhi to Singapore, Raghavan said \"no such sentiments was expressed to me. Both the doctors (P K Verma of Safdarjung and Yatin Mehta of Medanta Medicity) said she was very badly injured in the assault of December 16 night\".He said the best possible treatment was given to the girl in Delhi and in Singapore and the cause of her death was \"the injuries she sustained\".\"All possible medical efforts were made to treat the injuries. The efforts were not successful in helping her to overcome the injuries,\" he said.Declining to go into the details of the family, he said they had requested that the privacy of their identity be protected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17805858", "title": "Gadgets responsible for speech problems in kids: Study", "text": "LONDON: The number of UK children with speech difficulties has increased 70 per cent in six years and the growing use of screen-based gadgets is being blamed for it, according to a new study.As many as 1.2 million young Brits struggle with speech and half of pupils in some areas start school not being able to put sentences together.The rise is being blamed on the growing use of screen-based gadgets as convenient \"babysitters\" and a trend for hard-working parents to spend less time with their children, the 'Daily Mail' reported.The findings from a major new government-funded study show the number of schoolchildren needing expert help for speech and language difficulties rose 71 per cent between 2005 and 2011.The analysis found that 2.2 per cent of youngsters aged five to 16 were classified as having difficulties in 2011.However, the figures do not capture pupils who are identified as having speech difficulties and are helped within their schools without recourse to specialists.The children's charity 'I CAN' said other studies had suggested that 1.2 million youngsters of all ages across the UK have some form of communication problem.They include children with specific conditions that lead to speech problems and others whose environment may play a part in their language difficulties.As many as 50 per cent of children in some parts of the UK - particularly areas of social disadvantage - start school with delayed language, the charity said.The sharp rise in cases of speech difficulties was likely to be down to 21st century living, as well as better identification by parents and schools, said Jean Gross, former government speech and language tsar and a trustee of I CAN.Gross warned that screen-based technology - including TVs, games consoles, smartphones and computers - was increasingly used to occupy children instead of traditional family activities such as learning nursery rhymes.\"Head teachers are telling me they are seeing a real increase in the number of children who struggle to string words together,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17599294", "title": "6 recipes you loved the most in 2012", "text": "The concept of good food changes every year - from experimenting with flavours to innovations in cooking style, the gastronomical experience undergoes a complete revision. The year 2012 too was full of surprises.We bring you an assortment of the most popular recipes of 2012 - healthy portions of starters and salads, a traditional Indian main course, a comforting vegetable pasta dish, and two chic desserts.1. Green Apple, Walnut and Lettuce SaladIngredients:Lettuce 2 nos., Green apple (or pears) 2 nos., Walnuts, a handful and Feta cheese 5-6 cubes.For dressing:1 tbsp honey, Salt, a pinch, a pinch of pepper, 2 tsp lime juice and 2 tsp olive oil.Method:Strip the lettuce leaves and cut them into smaller shreds. Slice the green apples (or pears), and add them to a large bowl along with the lettuce. Take whole walnuts and add them to the mix. Toss properly. Add the feta cheese from top. Separately in a small bowl mix honey, salt, pepper, lemon juice and olive oil, and stir properly. Dress the salad just before eating so that the veggies and fruits don't lose their flavours or turn soggy.2. Pepper RasamIngredients:100 gm Tomato, 50 gm Tamarind, 1 tsp Whole black pepper, 1 tsp Cumin seeds, 2 Cloves of garlic, 2 gm Turmeric powder, Few curry leaves, Salt to taste, 1 gm Coriander leaves, 750 ml Water, Seasoning, 10 gm Ghee, 2 gm Mustard seeds, 1 gm Curry leaves and 2 gm Red chilli whole.Method:Soak the tamarind in a cup of warm water, extract its juice and throw away the pulp. Grind cumin seeds, pepper and garlic for a few seconds in a mixer. Take a cup of tamarind extract, add chopped tomatoes, turmeric powder, crushed pepper, cumin, garlic, salt and curry leaves. Boil them together. Once it starts boiling, keep the flame low and let it simmer for 10-15 minutes or until the raw smell of the tamarind goes off. Heat a tsp of ghee and add mustard seeds to it. When it begins to splutter, add the red chilli, curry leaves and pour it over the Rasam.(Recipe courtesy: The Crowne Plaza , Rohini, New Delhi)3. Bengali recipe: Kosha MangshoIngredients:750 grams mutton, 3 medium sized potatoes cut into equal halves (Optional), 1-2 tbsp of mustard oil to fry the potatoes, 3-4 medium sized onions, 1 tsp garam masala, and 1 \u00c2\u00bd tsp meat masala.To marinate the mutton:7-8 cloves of garlic, 1 \u00c2\u00bd inch thick ginger, 2 tsp turmeric powder, 1 \u00c2\u00bd tsp red pepper powder, 1 tsp coriander powder, 1 \u00c2\u00bd tsp salt and 4 heaped tbsp of yogurt.To temper:10 - 12 black peppers (uncrushed), 3 bay leaves, 4 whole cardamoms, 5 cloves, 1\u00c2\u00bd inch long cinnamon stick, 1 tsp of sugar and 1\u00c2\u00bd cup mustard oil.Method:Marinating the mutton - Bring together garlic, ginger and onions. Grind them together in a mixer to make a smooth paste. Wash and clean the mutton. Add to it the ingredients for the marinade - yogurt, turmeric powder, coriander powder, red pepper powder, some mustard oil, and half of the ginger/garlic/onion paste. Let it rest for about 2 hours. If you have time on your hands, let it rest overnight. Ensure that you prick the mutton with a fork so that it absorbs all the flavours. Heat 2 tbsp mustard oil in a wok. Fry the potatoes till they turn golden brown. Keep them aside.Cooking the mutton - Heat the remaining mustard oil in another wok. Add some turmeric to it. Then, temper it with the black pepper, cinnamon stick, bay leaves, cloves, and cardamom. Also add sugar to it. The sugar gives a nice red colour to the gravy and also contributes to the subtle sweetness of the spicy gravy. Add the remaining onion paste along with meat masala and fry for about 5 minutes. You'll notice the oil separating from the mixture. Now add the marinated mutton. Cook at a low flame for about half and hour. Add 2 cups water (depending on how much gravy you want) and cover the wok. Let the mutton cook for at least an hour now till the mutton becomes soft and succulent. All this while, ensure that the flame is at its lowest. Now, add the fried potatoes and garam masala, and give it good stir. Let it cool for sometime and then sprinkle freshly chopped coriander leaves. Serve hot with either steamed rice, maida luchi (pooris) or parathas. Follow it up with Bengali desserts like mishti doi or soft roshogullas!4. Broccoli and Mushroom PastaIngredients:Broccoli 1 floret, 200gm mushrooms sliced, Tomatoes 3 nos., Onions chopped 2 nos., Green chillies chopped 4-5 nos., 60gm green beans, trimmed and halved, 2 tbsp sliced black olives, 60gm green peas, Garlic 3-4 cloves, minced, 1 tbsp butter, Salt as per taste, 4 tbsp olive oil, Oregano, 300gm fusilli pasta and 1/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese.Method:", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17800975", "title": "Nirbhaya\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s condition worsens, signs of multi-organ failure", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nirbhaya, the 23-year-old victim of the barbaric gang-rape who has been fighting for her life over the past 12 days, suffered multi-organ failure in Singapore's Mount Elizabeth Hospital on Friday evening.Doctors informed her family members at 6.30 pm (IST) that Nirbhaya's condition had seriously worsened.According to Dr Kelvin Loh, CEO of Mount Elizabeth Hospital, \"The patient's condition has taken a turn for the worse. Her vital signs are deteriorating with signs of severe organ failure. This is despite doctors fighting for her life, including putting her on maximum artificial ventilation support, optimal antibiotic doses as well as stimulants which maximize her body's capability to fight infections.\"Dr Loh added, \"Her family is currently by her side to encourage and comfort her. The High Commission of India is with her and her family at this critical time. Our medical team continues to provide all possible treatment and care.\"Nirbhaya, whose plight has shocked the entire country, had suffered massive brain damage on Wednesday after a cardiac arrest.To make matters worse, fluids had started to accumulate in her lungs which could not be drained out because her platelet count dipped to an alarming 60,000.Doctors in India following the case told TOI, \"She is being infused with fresh frozen plasma. As soon as her blood platelet count improves, the fluid would be drained out.\"Investigations carried out by the multi-disciplinary team of specialists in Singapore showed that in addition to her prior cardiac arrest, she also had infection of her lungs and abdomen as well as significant brain injury.\"The patient is struggling against odds, and fighting for her life,\" the hospital authorities said on Friday morning.Prior to her being flown to Singapore on Wednesday night, she had already undergone three abdominal surgeries.Doctors from Safdarjung Hospital and AIIMS, who were treating Nirbhaya before she left for Singapore, told TOI that Dr David Grant , the world's leading bowel transplant surgeon in Toronto, was consulted to see she could be saved with a bowel transplant.Just three inches of the six-metre-long small intestine remained in the body of the physiotherapist . This meant that even if the she pulls through, she would not be able to have solid food for years. The small intestine is one of the most vital parts of the human anatomy, where 90% of the digestion and food absorption takes place. Enzymes and bile acids break down food with all the nutrients absorbed by the inner walls of the small intestine into the blood stream. With no small intestine left, her body will have to receive nutrition directly into her vein called Total Parenteral Nutrition (TPN).Dr Grant, who is a professor of surgery at the University of Toronto and published more than 200 papers on transplants and had just recently reviewed results of 2,000 bowel transplants conducted around the world till now, told the Indian team that she isn't eligible for such a transplant. Besides, Mount Elizabeth has no experience of conducting such a transplant.\"Dr Grant who performed the first liver-small bowel transplant in 1989 and is the current president of the International Intestine Transplant Society informed us that she has to be on TPN for two years to be eligible for a transplant,\" a doctor told TOI.Dr M C Misra from AIIMS said, \"Bowel transplant is done in very few numbers even in developed countries. Also, its success rate is very low. If kidney and liver transplant has a 90% success rate, it is as low as 30%-40% in case of a bowel transplant.\"Dr Grant informed Indian doctors that Intestine transplant is performed when the patient is dependent on intravenous TPN, has developed infections or complications that make it increasingly difficult to administer TPN, liver failure or has a non-functional bowel.Speaking to TOI from Singapore, cardiologist from Mount Elizabeth Hospital Dr V P Nair, said the cardiac arrest Nirbhaya suffered could have damaged her brain significantly. \"If blood supply to the brain stops for two-four minutes, the brain can take a real hit. On Wednesday, Nirbhaya had suffered a cardiac arrest and for three minutes doctors could not find her pulse or blood pressure. That episode may have seriously injured her brain.\"Dr Nair warned that another episode of cardiac arrest could push her into irreversible brain death and coma.Times ViewThe deterioration in Nirbhaya's condition will heighten our anguish and intensify our anger against the crime. This makes it all the more important for all of us to focus now on the real reason behind Nirbhaya's agony \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the lack of respect for women in our patriarchal society. Instead of venting our anger in mindless violence, let us seize the moment to make a collective pledge to treat all women with respect and to demand the same from others. Let us swear that we will fight discrimination against them at home and the workplace. Let us resolve to intervene when we see a woman being harassed by word or deed and to ensure that complaints are lodged and acted upon. It will be a long and demanding fight within ourselves and with the world outside, but it will be one that genuinely honours the Fearless One.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17803720", "title": "CPM state panel to consider action against V S Achuthanandan's personal staff", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The two-day meeting of the CPM state committee, scheduled here from Saturday, will have a contentious topic on agenda along with documents on feeder organisations and strategy to make the second land reforms struggle a success. The committee is set to debate the report of the inquiry commission that probed charges against three personal staff members of opposition leader V S Achuthanandan.Party sources said the state secretariat meeting on Friday considered the inquiry report and the explanation submitted by press secretary to the opposition leader K Balakrishnan, additional private secretary V K Sasidharan and personal assistant A Suresh and found the explanations unsatisfactory. The charges levelled against them were related to the leaking of a secret party document prepared after the Coimbatore party congress to the media.It is learnt that a majority in the secretariat was of the view that the three should be immediately sacked from VS's office. However, a final decision will be taken only after debating the secretariat's view in the state committee. The action against Balakrishnan, Sasidharan and Suresh was put off indefinitely after VS raised strong objection to it. He had also approached the central leadership in this regard.The secretariat also considered the documents prepared by the state leadership reviewing the functioning of the DYFI and CITU. It also accepted a detailed report on caste politics in the state. Sources said the reports didn't find the work of DYFI up to the mark. There is serious criticism against the DYFI leadership for not attracting enough youngsters to the organisation.The action plan prepared by the leadership on how to go ahead with the proposed land reforms struggle was also approved by the secretariat. The protest, which is scheduled to begin on January 1, will be peaceful and over one lakh volunteers are expected to participate in it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "17803311", "title": "No-trust move points towards internal rift", "text": "GUMLA: Another no-confidence motion in the panchayat raj institutions (PRIs) in the district is pointing towards internal bickering and leadership crisis in the newly constituted three-tier bodies.A no-confidence motion against the pramukh and deputy pramukh has been tabled by three members of the five-member body of panchayat samti in the remote Albert Ekka block in the district.A block official said, three members, Agustin Minz of Meral panchayat, K Beck of Jarda panchayat and Puspha Ekka of Sisikaramtoli panchayat of the new block, have pot forth a no-trust motion against pramukh Lili Kujur and deputy pramukh Narayan Oraon.In Albert Ekka, panchayat samiti has seven members, including a local MLA and an MP. Since BDO R P Hasa is on leave, the motion could not be forwarded to the presiding officer of the panchayat samiti, the middle-tier of the PRIs, for further action.The pramukh of Basia panchayat samiti, Oriyani Bara, had to resign from the post after a no-trust motion was passed in the special panchayat samiti meeting earlier this month. \"Of the total 16 members present in the meeting, 12 members including a representative of the local MP, cast their vote in favour of the motion,\" said BDO Hari Kumar Keshri. The representative of the local MLA skipped the meet.The SDO will announce a date to elect a new pramukh for the 12-member panchayat samiti. A no-trust motion has already been moved against the chairperson and vice chairperson of the district council, the apex body of the panchayat raj system in the district.One of its members, Bobby Bhagat, held the weakness and apathetic attitude of the current district council chief responsible for the present crisis. It was her responsibility to establish coordination with other two panchayat institutions - panchayat samiti and gram panchayat. The wishes and aspirations of the people are not being fulfilled under the present leadership, she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17803372", "title": "Now, check your speed to avoid challan", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Motorists in the City Beautiful may have to suppress their urge to drive fast. The city police has written to Chandigarh administration to make amendments in the traffic law while reducing the fixed speed limits of different vehicles by 5 km/hr.Currently, the speed limit for different vehicles varies between 40km/hr and 65km/hr on various stretches. \"We strongly feel that there is an immediate need to reduce the speed limit of all sorts of vehicles on Chandigarh roads. We have drawn this conclusion after carrying out various evaluations of the city roads, vehicular rush at peak hours, past accidents and studies of both main and internal roads,\" Alok Kumar, officiating inspector general of Chandigarh police, told TOI.\"We have proposed to reduce the speed limit of all vehicles, including two-wheelers, four-wheelers and heavy vehicles, by up to 5 km/hr. Speeding is one of the major reasons behind accidents and therefore, we need to deter motorists from indulging in it,\" added Kumar.Besides, Kumar said that in the wake of ongoing festive season, both number and frequency of nakas to check speeding and challan the violators would be increased in Chandigarh. Not only on the long stretches but speeding has emerged as a problem even on internal roads of different sectors. Police said that they were unable to put up speeding nakas in internal roads as it led to chaos and traffic jams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17807949", "title": "Ranji Trophy: First day's play of TN-Haryana match called off", "text": "CHENNAI: With heavy rains lashing the city since on Friday night, the first day's play between Haryana and Tamil Nadu in the Group B Ranji Trophy league match was abandoned without a ball being bowled.Umpires Abhijit Deshmukh and Ulhas Gandhe inspected the ground twice before calling off the day's play at 2.30 pm on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17802474", "title": "Fake CBI officer held", "text": "HYDERABAD: The sleuths of Task Force police on Friday arrested a pseudo CBI officer who cheated several persons, including students, by luring them with a promise to sell at cheaper rates gold bars and electronic goods seized by the customs department.In a press release, the police said that Mutyala Vijay Kumar, an employee of SRMB Steel, Kolkata, intimated several gullible persons by introducing himself as CBI officer working at Rajiv Gandhi International Airport, Shamshabad.\"He collected over Rs 15.5 lakhs from various persons on the pretext of arranging gold and electronic goods. He also collected Rs 6 lakhs from a student with a false promise of arranging US visa. He kept on dodging the student by telling him that he would certainly arrange the visa,'' additional deputy commissioner of police (Task Force) P Rameshaiah said.He had cheated at least 14 persons in the last several months. In fact he is a repeated offender since he was arrested by city police for using the same modus operandi. The accused is a resident of Indrapuri colony, West Maredpally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17802435", "title": "A paradise for nature lovers", "text": "Nestled in an idyllic rural setting in the forest range of Londa in the Western Ghats of Khanapur taluk, Nersa, a tiny hamlet offering elephant safari is an offbeat destination, relatively unknown among tourists.If you are interested in relaxing in isolated, quiet and natural surroundings, Nersa is the ideal place. It is a part of the proposed Bhimgarh sanctuary and is a heavily forested area.Regularized jeep safaris are organized for wildlife tour. Bird watching is also a popular activity among tourists. It is also home for migratory birds, which come from across the world. There are nearly 276 species of birds.Apart from resident birds, it is also home for many migratory species such as Ceylon frogmouth and paradise flycatcher. More than 40 different species of bats can be found in this forest.Promoting eco tourism, Nersa has many hills, rocks and valleys and one can have good trekking experience amid beautiful nature. There are many other places worth visiting in and around Nersa, like Bhimgad Kongla, Jamgoan, Abnali, banks of Bandora and Sagarthole rivers. Some of the trees found here are Nandi, Mathi, Kindal rosewood, Harda and Jamba. The forest has almost 174 varieties of medicinal plants.Rahul, a businessman, who visited the place recently said: \"Away from the hustles and bustles of city life, Nersa is an idyllic place to relax. However, the area is unexplored by many, and hence the tourist inflow is less.\"The best time to visit Nersa, which is 15km from Khanapur taluk and nearly 45km from Belgaum city, is from October to March. Summer and winter are good for trekking and jungle safari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17802467", "title": "Students demand security for women", "text": "GUWAHATI: Anguished students striving to ensure protection for women in Guwahati once again thronged the city on Friday. Students from several provincialized and private colleges of the city joined hands to protest against the 'inadequate' security arrangements for women in Guwahati.\"We want the government to act and also want the society to change its mindset. Even in today's modern society, women are looked upon critically if they go out of homes in the evening. The time has come to change this perception. But at the same time, the government must deploy enough police personnel for the security of women in the city,\" said Aparajita Mazumdar, a city student, who was taking part in the rally.She said instead of stopping women from wearing what they want, parents should ask their boys to change their attitude towards girls. Boys and girls from different areas of the city took part in the protest march, which started from the Gauhati Club area and ended at the office of the deputy commissioner of Kamrup (Metro) district here.The protesters also sent a memorandum to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi demanding prompt action to strengthen the rules to protect the rights of women.Suman Acharjee, a student a KK Handique State Open University, said, \"We need strict laws to protect women. Increasing crimes against women in the state is a worrying sign. The government should constitute special committees in educational institutions to look after issues related to the rights of women.\" He added that rapists should be awarded death penalty after a speedy trial.Students from over six colleges of the city took part in the protest march. The police provided security cover but, the rally went off peacefully.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "singapore", "code": "17803889", "title": "Delhi gang rape victim dies in Singapore hospital", "text": "SINGAPORE: The 23-year-old girl, who put up a brave battle for life after she was gang-raped and brutally assaulted in a Delhi bus a fortnight ago that had created a nationwide outrage, died early on Saturday morning in a hospital here.The girl, was admitted to the well-known multi-organ transplant facility Mount Elizabeth Hospital here on Thursday morning in an extremely critical condition, breathed her last at 4:45am (2:15am India time). She was earlier treated at the Safdarjung Hospital in Delhi.\"We are very sad to report that the patient passed away peacefully at 4.45am on 29 Dec 2012 (Singapore time),\" the hospital's chief executive officer Dr Kelvin Loh said in a statement.\"Her family and officials from the High Commission of India were by her side. The Mount Elizabeth Hospital team of doctors, nurses and staff join her family in mourning her loss,\" the statement said.The body has been moved to the mortuary in the Singapore General Hospital for completion of some formalities since she is a foreigner, sources said.The family of the girl wants the body to be taken to India, Indian High Commissioner T C A Raghavan told reporters.He said the girl, who was conscious, fought a brave battle till the end. She was brought to Singapore for being provided good medical treatment.\"The family is shattered by this development. At the same time, they realised that best possible medical attention was given. And in the end it was the scale of injuries that proved too much for the medical attention provided to her,\" the envoy said.He said the final few hours was a trying time for the girl's family and they bore the entire process with a great deal of fortitude and courage.Raghavan said the family has requested that their privacy be respected in their hour of grief.The girl, accompanied by her parents, was was flown in an air ambulance in a critical condition on Wednesday night after her health had suffered a setback that morning in the Delhi hospital following a government decision over which experts were divided.The six-hour journey itself was said to have been eventful with her blood pressure having dipped alarmingly.The patient had remained in an extremely critical condition since admission to hospital in the morning of December 27 (Singapore time), the Mount Elizabeth hospital statement said.\"Despite all efforts by a team of eight specialists in Mount Elizabeth Hospital to keep her stable, her condition continued to deteriorate over these two days.\"The hospital statement said \"She had suffered from severe organ failure following serious injuries to her body and brain. She was courageous in fighting for her life for so long against the odds but the trauma to her body was too severe for her to overcome.\"\"We are humbled by the privilege of being tasked to care for her in her final struggle. We acknowledge the faith the Indian government and the patient's family have placed with us to ensure the best care possible was indeed provided to her at Mount Elizabeth Hospital,\" it said.\"We share their huge sadness at her passing and will work with the High Commission of India to provide the family support in this time of grief,\" said Dr Loh.Late last night, the hospital said the condition of the rape victim had taken a \"turn for the worse\".\"As of 9pm (6:30pm IST), the patient's condition has taken a turn for the worse. Her vital signs are deteriorating with signs of severe organ failure,\" Loh had said in a statement.\"This is despite doctors fighting for her life including putting her on maximum artificial ventilation support, optimal antibiotic doses as well as stimulants which maximise her body's capability to fight infections,\" the CEO had said.During her treatment in Safdarjung Hospital, the girl's condition had recorded several ups and downs. Three days after the attack, her gangrenous intestine was removed.The bestial attack on the girl and her male friend in the bus had sparked off protests by students and women activists which took a violent turn in the capital last Saturday and Sunday.Death for rapists was one of the demands of the protesters and the victim's demise could trigger fresh display of emotions on the streets.One of the Delhi police constables Subhash Chand Tomar died in a government hospital on Tuesday and the post-mortem report had said that he had suffered a cardiac arrest from complications arising out of injuries on his chest and neck.Shaken by the public outrage, government constituted a Commission of Inquiry into the incident and also set up a three-member Committee under former Supreme Court Chief Justice A S Anand to look into the possibility of rewriting the laws relating to aggravated sexual assault and enhancing penalty for it.Congress president Sonia Gandhi had on Friday demanded speedy action against the perpetrators of the \"barbarous\" attack while Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said the government was committed to bringing the guilty to justice as soon as possible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17802280", "title": "NDC puts women and children at the centre of development", "text": "History was made at the National Development Council (NDC) meeting on Thursday. For the first time, gender became the cross cutting theme in the statements of all chief ministers. For eight years I had been hoping that this would happen. It happened yesterday because of the most horrendous and shattering incident; it should have happened much earlier.Women's issues should have always occupied centre stage at all forums; from the highest body like NDC to other bodies such as annual plan discussions with states, all inter-state and inter-ministerial forums. Given that faster economic growth is essential to enable greater inclusiveness, the fact remains that for real inclusiveness women must become equal partners and stakeholders in the process. Safety, security and empowerment are essential ingredients for this; growth for its own sake is meaningless.The Prime Minister placed the agenda before the states in his opening remarks. In referring to the recent incident on the brutal attack on a young woman in the capital and other reprehensible incidents in other parts of the country he urged all chief ministers to pay special attention to this critical area in their states.\"Women and girls represent half the population and our society has not been fair to this half... The emergence of women in public spaces which is an absolutely essential part of social emancipation is accompanied by growing threats to their security.\"These remarks recognized the importance of women emerging in public spaces, which is an essential factor of development and then flagging the hydra headed threats that they face in this process. So this is what the CMs were urged to take on as their priority; to give women an enabling environment in all senses of the word.Each chief minister had something important to say about policies for women and girl children. While safety and security remained the focal point of their interventions, other aspects of violence, beginning with female feticide, began tumbling out.The Maharashtra CM was forceful on gender equality. The Kerala CM spoke about a new initiative, Nirbhaya, for preventing sexual crimes against women and children. The text of his speech referred to 'action for preventing such crimes, protecting, sheltering and rehabilitating the victim'. Karnataka spoke of declining child sex ratio and of violence and social stereotyping at domestic and societal levels. J&K; referred to its measures to reverse the alarming decline in CSR.It was the Rajasthan CM who spoke and wrote the most incisive piece on gender. In addition to flagging IMR, MMR and gender gap in education, which others did too, there was a strong section on women's agency and child rights (same title as the women and children chapter in the 12th Plan). It flagged dire need of toilets for women and thrust in empowering the adolescent girl.All CMs recognized that this was not something happening in their neighborhoods, it was occurring right inside their own spaces. The big game changer in this gender debate in NDC was the continued reference to the girl child. There was universal recognition that unless the girl child was focused the violence would not abate.The conscience of the nation has finally been churned. From this point onwards, there is no turning back on women and girl children being the focal points in all future plans and schemes of the country. The 12th Plan will go down in history for having placed women and children at the centre of development.(The writer is member, Planning Commission)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17801322", "title": "Pay more for food on trains, stations", "text": "MUMBAI: Passengers on Indian Railways will have to pay more for eatables as the railway board has made substantial increase in the prices of standard food items, including beverages, served on stations and in trains.The railways has come out with a new tariff card for 10 items, which includes Vegetarian and Non-vegetarian menu. The rate card is separate for food items served on stations/platforms and those in mail/express trains.A senior railway official said, \"The decision has been taken due to the increase in prices of food commodities, LPG, etc. Moreover, it would be logical for us to hike the licence fee of contractors as they have been adequately compensated.\"The increase in food items is as high as 40-50%. For instance, the popular Janata Khana, which used to cost Rs 10 will now cost Rs 20 on trains and Rs 15 on stations. Similarly, the cost of vegetarian breakfast (including bread-butter and cutlet, idli, etc) has been increased to Rs 30 in trains and Rs 20 on stations as against the existing Rs 18. The non-vegetarian breakfast will now cost Rs 35 in trains and Rs 30 in stations as against the existing Rs 22.\"A Standard Casserole meal (vegetarian) will now cost Rs 45 and Rs 50 on stations and trains respectively. Similarly, non-veg meals will cost Rs 50 and Rs 55, respectively. A litre of water will now cost Rs 15 as against the existing Rs 12.However, the increase in rates of food items has not gone down well with passengers and commuter organizations. Kurla resident Amol Khade said, \"The increase is extremely steep and unnecessary as the authorities have failed to keep a check on the quality of food items.\"Agreeing with him, Dahisar resident Rajesh Shah said, \"The contractors use sub-standard material to squeeze out the maximum profit. The hike is unjustified as contractors can earn handsome profit as they have monopoly in this trade.\"Passengers also said it will not make much of a difference to the food as contractors usually overcharge. However, some passengers are hopeful that the new tariff will help improve quality. Ajay Shinde, a Dombivli resident, said, \"The contractors cite poor rates for poor quality of food. They are justified as the cost of essential commodities, including LPG prices and electricity tariff, have gone up.\"BOXE-receipts are mustThe railways have also made it mandatory for contractors to issue electronic/printed receipts to passengers duly indicating that the charges collected from the passengers are inclusive of service tax. The decision has been taken to discourage overcharging under the pretext of non-availability of small change. It will also indicate that the service tax has already been inbuilt in the tariff of all the items.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "canacona", "code": "17801259", "title": "Taxi catches fire in Canacona", "text": "CANACONA: A tourist taxi parked near a hotel at Palolem beach in Canacona was gutted in a fire on Friday afternoon. Canacona police said that the vehicle was parked near a garbage disposal area, where some garbage was burning.The parked vehicle then caught fire. The timely arrival of fire personnel from the Canacona fire station prevented other vehicles parked nearby from damage, said Ranga Raikar, former chairperson of the Canacona municipality.Locals, along with Agonda sarpanch Sapnesh Desai, appreciated the quick work by the fire fighters. Speaking to TOI, Namdeo Parwar, the fire station in-charge, Canacona, said that the taxi was fully burned to ashes but no causalities were reported.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17806784", "title": "Protest marches in Karnataka; anguish over gang-rape victim's death", "text": "BANGALORE: Emotions ran high in parts of Karnataka following the death of the Delhi gang-rape victim with people, particularly women, demanding stringent punishment including death penalty, for the perpetrators of the crime.As the news of the tragic end of the 23-year-old para-medical student, who was undergoing treatment in a hospital in Singapore, spread, girls of various colleges took out a protest march.In Bangalore, students of women colleges were in tears while expressing their ire over the rape. BJP's women wing also staged protests demanding immediate punishment to the rapists.BJP spokesperson Nirmala Sitaraman urged the Centre to enact strict laws to ensure safety of women and also the laws should act as deterrent to rapists.Some mourners, who participated in a candle light march in Mandya, Haveri, Mysore, Bellary and other places, said the culprits should be punished in public, while others advocated capital punishment.Chief minister Jagadish Shettar, who is touring in Bagalkot, expressed grief over the girl's death. Karnataka Janata Party president BS Yeddyurappa also mourned the death of the girl and said a situation in which women can move around fearlessly, should be created in the country.Steps should be taken to ensure that the Delhi incident did not recur, he said.Karnataka home minister R Ashok said in Hospet that the state government was contemplating slapping provisions of the stringent Anti-Goonda act against rapists.Gang rape incidents have been reported in Bangalore City few months ago and in Hassan recently. In both the incidents, the culprits have been arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "17803397", "title": "Land shortage hits Jharia rehab plan", "text": "DHANBAD: The non-availability of land has come as a huge setback to the Jharia rehabilitation and development plan. Jharia Rehabilitation and Development Authority (JRDA), which has been made the nodal agency for shifting the families of underground fire zone, admit that they didn't have any land at their disposal to rehabilitate the affected families. JRDA needs 2700 acres of land for resettling the 55,000 families from 595 sites.The additional chief secretary of Jharkhand, A K Sarkar and chairman of JRDA, Nitin Kulkarni, met the union coal secretary, S K Srivastava, last week and pleaded for more land from the Bharat Coking Coal Limited (BCCL) for rehabilitating the Jharia oustees. The coal company was directed to take prompt measures for the rehabilitation of the subsidence victims on war footing. The coal secretary is also the chairman of the high-power committee set up by the union cabinet to monitor the Rs 9779 crore Jharia Action Plan.Gopaljee, chief executive of the JRDA, told TOI here, \"The master plan for Jharia oustees prepared in 2009 is to be completed in 12 years. By 2012, the first phase should have been completed. The coal secretary asked the BCCL to issue a no-objection certificate for the transfer of 850 acres of land of the coal company to JRDA in non-coal bearing areas and handover 86.44 acres of land in Bhuli township for the rehabilitation of Jharia oustees.\"JRDA was expected to handover 3,000 houses to the displaced families in the first phase, but it could accommodate only 1,157 families. Several families that have been shifted, are from the colonies of the BCCL, where mining activities have been abandoned owing to underground fire.He said, \"JRDA was facing resistance in land acquisition from the families of the oustees as they did not get the jobs promised by the coal company. I had to face violent reaction on November 28 at Baliyapur where I had gone to seek the possession of 47 acres of private land. A local leader, Shanti Ram Mahto, of Jamin Bachao Sangharsh Samiti, led the mob which attacked our team. We had gone to seek the land for the Belguria township for the Jharia oustees. We have plans to construct G+3 2,000 units for the displaced families of Jharia. We had to return\".There is not a single acre of land with the authority, he regretted and said the delay in acquiring land from the private farmers and the BCCL was causing further delay in shifting families from the fire zone. \"We could shift only 1157 families from Boka Pahari area to Belguaria. BCCL is not extending support to the rehabilitation project. State government has no land, BCCL is reluctant to handover land as it wishes to carry out mining in the areas and private farmers are unwilling to part with their land\", Gopaljee said.BCCL, which had planned to run an open cast mining in 1900 acres of land in Baliyapur in collaboration with the then USSR, dropped the open cast mining project following the collapse of Russia . \"We are trying for that land too, but there is dispute on every plot, every inch of land there. The coal company had promised jobs to the affected families, but all did not get employment. Further, there is dispute over the ownership of the land which was earlier under Puruliya district (in West Bengal). Land records are not available creating further confusion,\" he added.Families from Angarpathra, Bansdeopur, Loyabad, Tetulmari, Mudidih, Kustore, Alkusa, Ena, Jeenagora, Lakarka, Kathgola, Gopalichak and other pockets are to be shifted immediately to the identified safe areas. The Railways have already closed down Dhanbad-Jharia, Dhanbad-Pathrdih railway lines because of underground fire. In the second phase, many government offices, colleges, schools and commercial establishments, including three cinema halls are proposed to be shifted from Jharia township which faced several incidents of subsidence. There were instances when the families died in sleep as the entire house caved in owing to the impact of underground fire. In one case, two sisters who had just returned from their school and were watching television, became the victim of subsidence as their house collapsed at Shamila Bahar on the outskirts of Dhanbad town and in Chasnala, a retired BCCL employee entered the caved in earth in front of his son and others in the village market. Hundreds of cattle could not be found in several villages as they could not return after grazing. They also fell victim to subsidence. Prompted by these incidents, the union coal secretary has directed BCCL to prepare disaster management plans and shelter places in the affected areas.The affected farmers have still not been paid compensation. Sixty two of them were assured jobs in the coal company, but it wasn't given to all. Anil Pandey, an activist of the Save Jharia Campaign, said the BCCL neither created road links in the resettlement colony nor vocational training centres for the youths. The coal company also failed in creating medical and educational facilities for the oustees families.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "warangal", "code": "17802568", "title": "Over 78K girls killed in Andhra Pradesh in 6 years", "text": "WARANGAL: A whopping 78,847 girls in Andhra Pradesh have fallen prey to either female infanticide or female foeticide between 2005 and 2011, according to government officials who have investigated the rapid decline in the Child Sex Ratio (CSR) in the state.While Chityal mandal in Warangal district has the lowest CSR of 528 girls per 1000 boys, the scenario is no better in other parts of Andhra Pradesh, activists and officials concluded. Apart from Chityal, there are 10 other mandals in Warangal and some coastal areas, reporting a CSR of less than 840 girls per 1,000 boys, which explains why thousands of girls have died before taking their first steps, officials say.\"The districts which have shown the worst decline in CSR are those that have witnessed a manifold growth in ultrasound scan machines such as Mahbubnagar, Nalgonda, Anantapur, Kadapa, Warangal and Karimnagar,\" said Arvind Kumar, who served as district collector of Hyderabad in 2006, and one of the first to stumble upon the grim reality and crack the whip on erring scanning centres.According to experts, the state has witnessed a proliferation of ultrasound scanning centres since 2005. From 4,000-odd ultrasound centres in 2010, the state now has at least 6,000. \"Remote areas may be devoid of basic healthcare services even today but mobile ultrasound scanning services are readily available,\" said K Nimmaiah, working with PEACE, an NGO in Nalgonda district, which is mobilizing people against female foeticide.Incidentally, these portable ultrasound machines that run on low voltage power are used for sex determination tests in villages. A new machine costs Rs 5 lakh, but a second-hand one would cost only Rs 2 lakh, industry insiders say.After the advent of this technology, female infanticide in most places has given way to female foeticide, activists said. Also, female foeticide has become rampant in areas where there were no instances of female infanticide, said Mamatha Raghuveer, director of Tharuni, an NGO working against female foeticide in Warangal.Officials said over 1,00,000 quacks operating in AP have played a key role in mushrooming of ultrasound scanning centres, illegal abortion centres and clinics in rural areas leading to an alarming dip in the sex ratio.Known to 'serve' the grassroots, these quacks play a different game altogether. Their strong network built over the years fetches them the information of their 'targets' (read pregnant women). Thereafter begins their sordid scheming.The job of quacks is to provide space to the visiting doctors from other parts and gather as many pregnant women as possible on a weekly basis for ultrasound scans. If it is a female foetus, they then brainwash the woman and provide names of doctors from their network giving them various options and get the child aborted. Sometimes, they themselves 'fix' things. While doctors are particular about not revealing the sex of the child in urban areas, they clandestinely join hands in the illegalities in rural areas where there is no active supervision.\"A neighbour of ours had gone for a scan and was informed that it was a girl child. For 2-3 days, the RMP was constantly paying visits to her to pressurise and broker the deal. Soon, the woman went to her parents' place in Medak and got the abortion done,\" said an anganwadi teacher in Warangal.Activists say the nursing homes don't take any case directly and it is the healthcare professionals who broker the deals.\"Only the cases that are routed through quacks, technicians, paramedics or the pharmacists are taken up as a precautionary measure. But every villager seems to know where to go,\" said Raghuveer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17802118", "title": "Hawkers gone, sales shoot up", "text": "KOLKATA: New Market shopowners and shoppers have heaved a sigh of relief after police launched a crackdown a week ago.The harassment of a Calcutta high court advocate and his wife at the hands of hawkers last week triggered snap protests by 500 shopowners from New Market, Sreeram Arcade, Firpo's Market and Chowringhee market. This forced the police to take action against hawkers who had encroached on parking lots on Bertram Street.These shoppers led the harassed couple to a local police booth where the on duty policeman refused to take the complaint. This refusal led to a bigger protests as more than 500 traders sat down and blocked Bertram and Humayun Place. Police and KMC officials rushed in and after an assurance from the civic body and the police, the traders withdrew the agitation. Police action started from the next day. A section of hawkers who had been doing their business right on the road were asked to vacate space.Hawkers continue to play hide and seek with police but the enforcement of a hefty Rs 3,000 fine has acted as a deterrent. Traders, who were suffering huge losses because of the encroachment, say sales have picked up after the crackdown.Ashok Gupta , the convenor of Joint Traders' Forum, says that sales have picked by 10% at his shop, Symphony, in the past week. He hopes the police will keep up the vigil. \"We have been requesting KMC to clear the encroachment in front of the main entry points to New Market,\" Gupta said.Forum member Uday Sahoo sounded upbeat over the rise in sales of travel bags and leather items. \"We are happy that our turnover has gone up. But I don't know how long the hawkers will restrict themselves,\" he said.As instructed by municipal commissioner Khalil Ahmed, New Market police are keeping a tight watch on hawkers on Bertram Street and adjoining areas. He said KMC has taken up the issue \"with all seriousness\". Subir Roy, the lawyer who was harassed, expressed happiness that at least some action has been taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17802585", "title": "Lokayukta tells cops to produce attack victim", "text": "HYDERABAD: AP Lokayukta Justice B Subhashan Reddy on Friday directed Hyderabad police to produce before the court on December 31, a woman, Surekha, a resident of Vanasthalipuram, whose throat was slit by some miscreants two weeks ago.Responding to media reports that the police were not acting even after the woman had identified one of the attackers, the judge directed the DCP concerned to monitor the case apart from providing security to the victim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17806567", "title": "Jaya steps up pressure on Centre on Cauvery issue", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Saturday renewed her demand that the Centre honour its commitment given before the Supreme Court by notifying the final award of the Cauvery River Disputes Tribunal in the Government Gazette.In a statement here, Jayalalithaa also questioned DMK chief M Karunanidhi's claim that the DMK MPs had met the Prime Minister and urged him to notify the final award. She also sought to know from the DMK whether any written representation in this regard was given to the Prime Minister by its MPs.\"If the DMK MPs had indeed sought notification of the order, it must have been given in writing and Karunanidhi should have released that to the media. But (he) has not released it so far. This makes it clear there was no written representation,\" she said.Jayalalithaa alleged that the DMK government in 2007 had not adopted any sound steps to get the final order notified even as her party had made a strong pitch for it besides moving the Supreme Court against some provisions. The previous DMK government approached the Tribunal once again, but unsuccessfully.The chief minister accused Karunanidhi of writing letters to the Prime Minister or issuing statements on various issues but doing nothing concrete on the Cauvery issue.Refuting Karunanidhi's allegation that she had done an u-turn by insisting on the notification of the Tribunal's Final Award now after opposing it when the verdict was first pronounced, she recalled that the final award was pronounced on February 5, 2007 and at an all-party meeting on February 19 the same year, the AIADMK party, considering the amount of time it would take for removing aspects unfavourable to Tamil Nadu and considering the interests of the state, had made the constructive suggestions of immediately notifying the final award, besides setting up Cauvery Management Board and Cauvery Water Regulatory Committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17801700", "title": "Sattvik back to tickle taste buds of foodies", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The most awaited food festival for urban households is back in the city. Sattvik, a cultural milieu to revive the forgotten traditional tastes of rural India, is being held at the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIM-A) campus from December 29 to 31.Besides providing a platform for popularizing traditional recipes made from lesser known crop varieties like Kodra, Bavta, Ragi, Samo, Jowar, Bajra and Makkai, Sattvik offers a platform for traditional organic farmers in creating market linkages for their products.So far, the food festival has helped many Amdavadis use uncultivated vegetables, which are not consumed due to ignorance about their nutritional value and also prepare delicious dishes from such unnoticed crops.Besides food, the festival brings together folklore, folk songs, folk tales, art and forgotten traditional music instruments from remote villages in the country. Visitors to the festival also get an opportunity to interact with innovators and thus encourage the spirit of innovation and creativity.According to officials at Society for Research and Initiatives for Sustainable Technologies and Institutions (SRISTI), the main organizers of the food festival, some rare delicacies are only available at Sattvik. To name a few, Banni Ka Mawa (a famous variety of mawa only made in deserts of Banni region in Kutchh), Nagli Ni Sukhdi, Kothumbura (cucumber) Waffers, Sharad Saakar (sugar especially prepared in the moonlight on the Sharad Purnima) will be available for people to savour at the festival. Organic vegetables, grains, spices and manure will be other interesting items on sale.As a pre-cursor to the main event, a recipe contest was held last week to raise awareness about healthy cooking. Using traditional methods of cooking, 54 participants from across Gujarat prepared more than 155 traditional delicacies. Some of the delicacies will be on display during the three-day festival.Sattvik, which highlights diversity in cultures and tastes, was first organized in 2003 by SRISTI in collaboration with Grassroots Innovation Augmentation Network ( GIAN), National Innovation Foundation (NIF), and IIM-A to stimulate demand of local crops and their varieties from dry regions so as to generate market-based incentives for their conservation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17804325", "title": "Delhi gang rape victim dies: Cerebral edema, swelling of the brain, proved fatal", "text": "NEW DELHI: A swollen brain finally got better of the fighting spirit of the 23-year-old gang-rape victim Nirbhaya (a name given to her by TOI) as she succumbed to her injuries at Singapore's Mount Elizabeth hospital at 2:15am (IST) on Saturday.Cerebral edema - serious swelling of the brain, which resulted from the cardiac arrest on Tuesday night when Nirbhaya was still in India, along with severe infections, finally proved fatal.A CT scan that was conducted after Nirbhaya reached Singapore showed that blood loss to her brain caused during the three-minute period when doctors at Safdarjung hospital in Delhi had failed to find a pulse or blood pressure, led to the brain edema - a dangerous condition where the brain's water content rises, causing the pressure to rise in the skull.This cuts off oxygen supply as the blood vessels become squeezed. Cerebral edema is a medical emergency that can even lead to death as brain cells become damaged and die.Prime minister Manohan Sngh said he was \"deeply saddened to learn that the unfortunate victim of the brutal assault that took place on December 16 in New Delhi had succumbed to the grievous injuries she suffered following that attack. \"I join the nation in conveying to her family and friends my deepest condolences at this terrible loss.\"Singh said: \"I want to tell them and the nation that while she may have lost her battle for life, it is up to us all to ensure that her death will not have been in vain. We have already seen the emotions and energies this incident has generated. These are perfectly understandable reactions from a young India and an India that genuinely desires change. It would be a true homage to her memory if we are able to channelize these emotions and energies into a constructive course of action.\"According to Singh, the need of the hour is a dispassionate debate and inquiry into the critical changes that are required in societal attitudes.He said that the government is examining, on priority basis, the penal provisions that exist for such crimes and measures to enhance the safety and security of women.\"I hope that the entire political class and civil society will set aside narrow sectional interests and agenda to help us all reach the end that we all desire - making India a demonstrably better and safer place for women to live in,\" Singh said.Nirbhaya's health started to slide from Friday evening (6.30 pm IST) when she suffered multiorgan failure.Doctors informed her family members that Nirbhaya's condition had seriously deteriorated as she was put on maximum artificial ventilation support, optimal antibiotic doses as well as stimulants which would help maximise her body's capability to fight infections.In the early hours of Saturday, Mount Elizabeth hospital issued a fresh statement announcing the worst.The hospital said: \"In relation to the young female patient from Delhi who was assaulted in a bus, and who was transferred from a hospital in India to receive further treatment at Mount Elizabeth Hospital in Singapore on December 27, we are very sad to report that the patient passed away peacefully at 4.45am (Singapore time) on December 29. Her family and officials from the high commission of India were by her side. The patient had remained in an extremely critical condition since admission to Mount Elizabeth hospital in the morning of Dec 27.\"According to the hospital, despite all efforts by a team of eight specialists at Mount Elizabeth hospital to keep her stable, her condition continued to deteriorate and she suffered from severe organ failure following serious injuries to her body and brain.\"She was courageous in fighting for her life for so long against the odds but the trauma to her body was too severe for her to overcome,\" Dr Kelvin Loh, CEO of the hospital said.Critical care specialist Dr Yatin Mehta from Medanta hospital, who had accompanied Nirbhaya to Singapore, told TOI on his return to India on Saturday morning that the swelling of the brain finally took her life.\"A fresh episode of cardiac arrest resulted in multiorgan dysfunction syndrome. Her injuries were too severe. While being transported to Singapore, her oxygen requirements increased by 70%. We had carried 8 oxygen cylinders as standby, each capable of running for two hours. Six additional batteries were taken to ensure the machines ran fine during the flight. Her blood pressure fell to around 80 on route which we finally managed to bring back to normal. The injuries were horrendous,\" said Dr Mehta, who left for India from Singapore on Friday night when Nirbhaya was still alive, told TOI on his return.Dr Mehta also added that Nirbhaya's organs weren't fit for donation as they were seriously infected.\"We spoke to the family very frankly last night. We told her father and brothers that she is critical and might not pull through. Her family was stoic and handled the eventuality i a very mature way,\" Dr Mehta said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17808007", "title": "Ethical dilemmas in health care.", "text": "PUNE: The Center for Health Management Studies and Research, Bharati Vidyapeeth University, Pune will organise a programme on \"Ethical dilemmas in health care\" during \"Quasar 2013\", the annual academic event at the Bharati Vidyapeeth Institute of Environment Education auditorium on January 19 and 20, 2013. The event is planned by the student of centre for health management studies and research.The participants to the event can be health care professionals and students, health care management consultants, law professionals and students, pharma companies, professionals and students, media professionals and students, NGO's, and builders. The one day conference will have panel discussions and keynote sessions. Expert speakers from various health care-related organizations, government, and academia will share their views and insights on the conference topics.Health care ethics is a thoughtful exploration of how to act well and make morally good choices, based on beliefs and values about life, health, suffering, and death. Generally, ethics questions arise when the right thing to do is not clear or when people disagree about what is best for a person who is ill. This event will throw light on ethical dilemmas in healthcare,'' said a spokesperson from the university.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17803506", "title": "Coldest night in twin cities", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The entire state continued to shiver as minimum temperatures in Bhubaneswar and Cuttack dropped to 10.7\u00c2\u00b0C and 9.5\u00c2\u00b0C respectively on Friday, the lowest this season for the twin cities.While the temperature in Bhubaneswar was 4 degree Celsius below normal, Cuttack was 5 degree C below normal. The chill in the air forced many people to remain indoors till late in the morning. Weathermen said maximum temperature on Friday was also three degree C below normal at 25.1\u00c2\u00b0C.Last year, the lowest minimum temperature in Bhubaneswar was 11.7 degree C on December 26. The coldest day in the state capital remains December 12, 1996, when mercury dropped to 9.1 degree C and the same day, Cuttack also recorded its lowest temperature at 7.5 degree C.The temperature dropped below 10 degree C at 14 places in the state. Daringbadi, one of the coldest regions in Odisha, recorded minus 0.5 degree C for the second consecutive day and the lowest in the state. The minimum temperature at Phulbani was 2 degree C.According to India Meteorological Department (IMD), Bhubaneswar, the trend will continue on Saturday in some parts of interior Odisha. The mercury may rise slightly in the coastal belt under the impact of an anti-cyclonic circulation over the Bay of Bengal. Some parts of coastal Odisha will also witness shallow fog on Saturday.Director of IMD-Bhubaneswar Sarat Chandra Sahu said the fog would envelop coastal Odisha under the impact of western disturbances.The places which recorded less than 10 degree C include Baripada and Sundargarh (each at 5.4 degree C), Keonjhar (6 degree C), Sambalpur and Balangir (each at 6.5 degree C), Jharsuguda (7.5 degree C), Hirakud (7.8 degree C), Angul (8.6 degree C), Koraput (9.2 degree C), Chandbali (9.5 degree C) and Balasore (9.9 degree C).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "17802899", "title": "3 large infra projects in Dholera shelved?", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Has the Gujarat government dumped one of the most ambitious infrastructure project proposed in the Dholera SIR? Four years after it was announced with fanfare, the state government is learnt to have pushed the Rs 40,000-crore infrastructure project by Mumbai-based Hindustan Construction Company (HCC) on the back burner.HCC had signed a MoU in the Vibrant Gujarat summit held in 2009. Officials say HCC has not bought land in buying the land offered to it last year at a concessional rate within the stipulated time.According to the highly placed sources in the state industry department two other major companies, one of hotmail promoter Sabeer Bhatia's Nanoworks Developers Gujarat (Gandhinagar), the local entity of Bhatia's US-based company, and Greater Dholera Infracon Pvt Ltd (Kolkata) have also been issued last notice to pay the required money for the land and take the possession before the January 31, 2013, failing which the MOU will be cancelled by the government without any further notice.Bhatia's company had signed a MoU to set up an IT-ITeS city with an investment of Rs 30,000 crore in the special investment region. Bhatia's company planned to build an IT city on the lines of Nano city in Haryana.On October 12, 2011 the Dholera Special Investment Region Regional Development Authority ( DSIRDA) had made a written offer to all the three companies to pay the land cost and take possession before December 2011. However, none of the three companies paid the money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17803790", "title": "This New Year, Bangalore police to give women extra cover", "text": "BANGALORE: This New Year's eve, the city's women may be able to let their hair down and enjoy without fear, if police plans are anything to go by.The city police, sensitized to the vulnerability of women, have decided to flood the city's roads with men and women in uniform on the night of December 31 to ensure that women are safe and secure during the revelry. The initiative follows nationwide alarm over increasing crimes against women.Additional commissioner of police (law and order) T Suneel Kumar told TOI the emphasis is on women's security and police arrangements would be escalated. \"We will not allow revellers to form groups. Women Home Guard personnel will monitor the streets and help women if they are in trouble,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "17803400", "title": "No impact of Jharkhand bandh in the urban areas of coal belt", "text": "DHANBAD: There was no impact of Jharkhand bandh call given by the Maoists in the urban areas of coal belt of the state. All shops and commercial establishments remained open in the cities and towns and the movement of trains was also normal.The Dhanbad division of Railways had launched extensive security measure since Thursday night in the entire division and had deployed over 1500 jawans of RPF,GRP and CRPF. All platforms were being guarded by the security forces and pilot engines were moved before the scheduled departure of major trains in the division.Extra precaution was taken in CI section of the Railways and speed of the trains was restricted to 65 kms per hour. The bandh had no effect on the movement of vehicles on the GT Road where patrolling was intensified by the police teams from Giridih and Dhanbad.Long-distance buses did not move out of the Dhanbad and Giridih bus stands as preautionary measure.The bandh call was given by the Naxalites in protest against the operations against Maoists in Saranda forests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17802361", "title": "Industry sends telegram to chief minister demanding equitable distribution of power", "text": "COIMBATORE: More than 1,000 telegrams were sent to the chief minister J Jayalalithaa by traders and industry associations in the city, demanding equal distribution of electricity to all districts. Over 50 traders and industry representatives in the city reached Central Telegraph Office on Friday morning to send the telegrams.Traders from all districts except Chennai, will send more than 5,000 telegrams to the chief minister in the coming three days, said D Balasundaram, chairman, Tamil Nadu Electricity Consumers Joint Council.Telegrams from Coimbatore will be sent through four centers in the district and each centre will send at least 200 telegrams. It is to bring attention of the government to the severe power crisis suffering by the districts while only Chennai is being exempted from this, he said.Traders and consumers are struggling for survival due to 14-hour power shutdown and equitable distribution of power for all regions in the state should be implemented immediately, the traders said.Balasundaram said the decision for sending telegrams was taken at a joint meeting by the associations of industries, traders and consumers. The industry fears that the situation will be serious in the coming months as summer months are just ahead.They also alleged that while other district are reeling under severe power shortage, Chennai is consuming one third of the total energy produced and enjoying just two hours of power cuts.If the government agree to equitable distribution of power reducing the duration of outage in to six hours, it will held the household and industrial sectors in the districts, Balasundaram said.Highlighting that the neighbouring states of Kerala and Andhra Pradesh are reeling under similar situtaion, the government there has maintained an equitable supply of power, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17803153", "title": "Army officer's 20-year quest for justice continues", "text": "LUCKNOW: The quest for justice continues for army officer VN Saxena despite an army tribunal order directing restoration of consequential benefits to him, 20 years after he was dismissed from services. He had been held accountable for the death of a soldier, who was allegedly subjected to third degree treatment after being convicted on charges of theft.The tribunal on March 2, 2012 had asked the army to allow Saxena join the services and provide him all the due benefits. The army establishment appealed against this judgment which the tribunal admitted and now it has reserved its order.According to tribunal order, in 1982, Saxena, then a second lieutenant, was posted as a troop commander of a light regiment at Galauthi post, some 20 km from Rajauri.Everything moved in smoothly for a year or so, until a theft in his unit changed his life.It was the afternoon of September 2, 1983 when a sum of Rs 14,000, which was to be distributed as salary to unit jawans, disappeared mysteriously from the drawer of Saxena's office table.The then commanding officer Major Jagga Singh ordered an inquiry, which was to be done by Lt Saxena and his colleague Lt KS Paul. Three days later, on September 5, a recovery of Rs 12,000 was done from the possession of two jawans, Grenadier Uday Singh and Grenadier Gyan Singh.Uday, however, suddenly disappeared from the unit, and got himself admitted in the military hospital the same day. But nothing substantial was found clinically.Uday Singh, who reportedly had renal problem, got admitted himself again in the hospital a week later citing stomachache. He was then shifted to Udham Singh Nagar and later to Delhi for treatment. But while being shifted to Delhi he died, according to Lt Saxena's petition. Grenadier Gyan Singh, on the other hand, was subjected to court martial and had his services terminated in September 1983.On October, 28, 1983, the army initiated disciplinary action not only against Major Jagga Singh but also lieutenants Saxena and Paul holding them responsible for Uday's death. But while Paul was let off after due warning, promotional benefits were held up for the other two officers. Three years later, on October 1986, the army dropped disciplinary proceedings and lifted the embargo. Lt Saxena was subsequently promoted as Captain.Situation once again changed dramatically for the two officers on May 1989 when they were served with a show-cause notice which said that as to why their services may not be terminated and administrative action taken on charges of causing death to a jawan''. And, on November 13, 1990, Capt Saxena and Major Jagga Singh were dismissed from the services.In 1991, the two officers approached two different high courts. While Captain Saxena approached the Allahabad high court, Major Singh went to the Delhi high court. Five years later, Major Singh got his services restored following a Delhi high court order in 1995. But Captain Saxena's quest for justice continued.His appeal remained pending and in 2000, the case was transferred from Allahabad to Uttarakhand high court after the creation of the hill state. Saxena, finally, got the high court order in his favour in 2005. But the army filed a special leave petition (SLP) in the Supreme Court. The apex court transferred the case to Uttarakhand high court, which eventually transferred it to the army tribunal in 2007.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17609482", "title": "Can married couples work together?", "text": "Married couples find it extremely difficult to strike a balance when they work at the same place. Here are ways you can strengthen your bond.The advantages of married couples working together often go unnoticed, since many assume it is a bad idea for couples to work in the same office. Says Dr Sanjoy Mukerji, marriage counsellor, \"Usually, it increases the complexity of potential issues in your relationship and eliminates the chances to cool down after spats. It may even, on a professional level, create conflicts of interest in certain situations \u00e2\u20ac\u201d especially if the two of you work in the same department or if one is the superior of the other.\" Keeping your personal feelings and situations separate from work often becomes a challenge. It can be very tricky navigating back and forth from the spousal relationship to the professional one. However, in spite of these conflicts, there are many couples who successfully work together and share the same passion and complement each other well. Though you cannot tend to overlook the cons of working together, there are ways you can maintain peace and harmony at work and not bring it back home with you.Do not interfere in each other's work Just because you are married that does not entitle you to always know what your spouse is doing, especially in office. For example, if your partner has a problem with a co-worker, just stay out of that. You do not have to offer advice either to your wife/husband or the co-worker. Let him/her handle the situation.Give some space Space is crucial in every relationship. It's more like a time-off that you take from one another that helps you bond better. When you work together, you are bound to have the same set of colleagues, so it is advisable for you to make new friends from other departments too, who you can hang out with during the lunch break. Not only is it good for you career-wise; it will also nurture professional relationships with others. You don't ideally have to do everything together. Avoid forming your exclusive 'spouse society'!Keep personal issues at bay If you'd had a fight at home, try not to bring it to work. Also, refrain from discussing about your fights or arguments with your colleagues. Since both of you work at the same place, it can hamper your spouse's image at work.Be professional When at work, do not indulge in personal talks about family or otherwise. Also, it is equally important to maintain a professional and courteous tone with your spouse at work. Do not indulge in emotional reactions or even PDA. Further, save the pet names for after hours!If you and your spouse co-own a business... Owning a business together is like raising a child. In addition to moments of happiness, joy and pride \u00e2\u20ac\u201d there will be long hours, trying times and instances where you won't agree with each other.- It is important to communicate well with your spouse. There will be times when you won't agree with each other on something, but it is essential to talk to your partner with respect and listen to him/her properly.- Even though you might not share the same opinion, support his/her decision. It is better to present a united stand, when in front of others. You can always discuss the issue, later in private.- Remember that your employees are always observing both of you. Any personal conflicts at work might be blown out of proportion by your employees and both of you are likely to become the object of gossip.- No matter the work load, make plans and spend some time alone. Try not to indulge in professional talks. This will help strengthen your relationship.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17801426", "title": "'More than rules, youths' mindset must change'", "text": "MUMBAI: Shocked by the stabbing of a Chetana College student, even as educationists are set to draft rules to ensure safety for pupils on campuses, they believe that the security measures would have little impact; it's the psychological mindset of the current generation of students that needs to change before any kind of safety can be hoped for, they say.\"This is a sociological problem that has to be treated correctly. Colleges can come up with a host of rules to be followed on the premises but they will not make any sense once the students step outside. We have to understand the students' psychology and change it if required,\" said Dinesh Panjwani, principal of R D National College in Bandra.On Saturday, principals of around 20 colleges, including that of Chetana College, will attend a meeting at R D National College to discuss students' safety. \"The members of Mumbai College Principals' Association will jot down steps that will be implemented to prevent a repeat of the Chetana College incident,\" said Panjwani.Some institutes plan to hold workshops to reach out to students and understand their personal problems. \"We have to change the mindset of students as well as that of their parents. Being treated with kid gloves, an entire generation has grown up into a bunch full of ego. They cannot accept denial,\" said Kavita Rege, principal of Sathaye College, which has organized two workshops with Women's Development Cell. There, the participants discussed topics such as gender equality, inferiority complex and handling emotions.While most colleges will add more CCTV cameras, some principals have decided that students' bags will be checked to prevent them from carrying sharp objects or weapons inside. \"But the measures will hardly help understand the students' psyche. We need something more concrete,\" said the principal of a Kalyan college.\"It is important to keep youths busy even after college and encourage them to get engaged in extra-curricular activities,\" said Indu Shahani, principal of HR College, adding her college staff would meet pupils to understand their reaction to the Chetana incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17807435", "title": "Siva Karthikeyan heads to London", "text": "VJ turned actor Siva Karthikeyan who is doing the lead opposite Priya Anand in 'Ethir Neechal', produced by Dhanush is all set to celebrate the beginning of 2013 in foreign soil. The young hero who has a great sense of humour will tour London for a couple of days and will spend the new year there.Siva Karthikeyan tweeted \"Going to my favourite place- London:) waiting to meet lovely people out ther.. Excited.\"It is said that he is also looking to attend a New Year special cultural event while he's there. Apart from acting in Dhanush's maiden production venture under Wunderbar films, he also has Pandiraj's Kedi Billa Killadi Ranga , alongside Vimal, Regina Cassandra and Bindu Madhavi.Also the Siva Karthikeyan has signed his next flick directed by Ponram which is his second association with Siva Karthikeyan after 'Manam Kothi Paravai'. With Rajesh's witty dialogues, the film is likely to be a hilarious treat to the audience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17803236", "title": "Minor bureaucratic reshuffle", "text": "SHIMLA: The new government's ministers are still waiting for allocation of portfolios, but a minor bureaucratic shake up, of seven IAS officers, has already been notified.Senior bureaucrat Deepak Sanan, who was principal secretary power, and Manisha Nanda, who as principal secretary was in charge of personnel, have been divested of the departments. S K B S Negi, principal secretary, rural development and panchayati raj, has been given the charge of personnel and power.Additional chief secretary P Mitra, who held charge of agriculture, has been given additional charge of rural development and animal husbandary. Principal secretary Upma Chawdhry has been moved from social justice and empowerment and made resident commissioner, Delhi, relieving P C Dhiman of additional charge.Bharat Khera, managing director, HP State Industrial Development Corp ( HPSIDC), has been made secretary general administration and is replaced by Ajai Bhandari, who has relieved as divisional commissioner, Shimla. Manish Garg has been given the additional charge of the department. Principal secretary, urban development, A R Sihag has been given the additional charge of social justice and empowerment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "17801522", "title": "'Torture' of ex-lover makes man kill husband", "text": "THANE: A man killed his former girlfriend's husband after she told him that he was constantly ill-treating her.The victim, Ramesh Dethe, was bumped off at a desolate spot on the hills near Shree Nagar in Thane (W) on December 25. The accused, Santosh %Kharat (30), and his aide, Vikas Malve (21), were arrested %by the Thane crime branch onThursday. Dethe worked at Central Railway's Byculla yard and resided in Dombivli.The victim's cellphone call %records led the police to Kharat. According to investigators, Dethe and his wife shared a turbulent relationship since their marriage eight years ago\"Dethe was aware about his wife's relationship with Kharat and would harass her,\" a police official said.Dethe was reportedly having an extramarital affair.\"Kharat and Malve smashed Dethe's head with a boulder,\" additional police commissioner Milind Bharambe said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17801387", "title": "Month after cyst op 'botched' in Wadia, baby dies", "text": "MUMBAI: A one-and-half-month-old girl, who suffered an accidental cut on her intestine allegedly at the hands of doctors at Wadia Children Hospital, died on Thursday. The infant never left the hospital after birth and spent 45 days of her life battling the injuries.The baby was born at the Nowrosjee Wadia Maternity Hospital on November 13. Even before her birth, doctors had diagnosed the cyst in her intestine. Her mother was also seeking treatment at the same hospital. The family was told by doctors that she would need a surgery soon after birth.Five days after birth, the baby was taken for cyst removal surgery. Her father Vinod Nyayanirgune, employed with a transport undertaking, had earlier alleged that his daughter's condition started looking worrisome after the surgery. \"Doctors cut my daughter's intestine by mistake. I was told about it by a junior doctor,\" he had told TOI earlier. On Friday, Nyayanirgune could not be contacted. Relatives said the family was in too much grief.The surgery gave rise to complications and the infant had to be taken for another procedure. Nyayanirgune was told by doctors that following the first surgery, there was pus formation and traces of infection that needed to be treated. The child, then 13 days old, was taken for a second surgery on November 26. \"She was shifted to the paediatric ICU but her condition never improved,\" said a relative. A third surgery was planned, but her condition did not allow doctors to operate on her. Late on Thursday, the child succumbed, leaving behind questions that are likely to remain unanswered. Hospital sources said the body was handed over to the family without an autopsy. But this could not be confirmed either from the family or the hospital. Nyayanirgune had earlier registered a complaint with the authorities, alleging negligence and had also approached the Bhoiwada police. Cops said the father later showed no interest in pursuing the case. Senior inspector Vikram Patil said, \"Nyayanirgune had initially approached us, alleging negligence on part of the doctors. After the girl's death, her father told us that he does not wish to pursue the case. No FIR has been registered.\"Hospital authorities refused to speak without looking into details.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17802947", "title": "Loud music is not 'music' for ears", "text": "BHOPAL: If you are planning to welcome the New Year shaking a leg with friends, and amid earsplitting music at discotheque, beware. Constant exposure to the deafening music of discotheques can actually turn you deaf.Bhopal-based otolaryngologists claim, more city youngsters are falling prey to the hearing disorders which, until recently, was common among youths only in West and metropolitan cities, all thanks to the youngsters' love towards loud music and easy access to gadgets and gizmos.A study conducted on 100 persons in the age-group of 0-30 by ENT specialist Dr Pradeep Chourey revealed, 22% of the youths suffered from severe hearing loss while 36% of them had moderate hearing loss. The cases of rest fell under 'mild hearing loss' category.\"Loss of hearing at an early age was not very common in a city like Bhopal until a few years back. But with the popularity of new gadgets like iPods, earphones and disco culture soaring among school and college going children, situation has turned grave. Non-stop talking on mobiles and listening to loud music through earphones damages the cochlea and results in partial hearing loss or temporary threshold shift. If goes unchecked, it leads to permanent hearing loss,\" said Dr Chourey.If expressions like \"Aah, did you just say something to me ?,\" \"Come again,\" and \"Beg a pardon, I did not hear you\" mark the beginning of one's normal conversation more often than not, chances are high that he/she is suffering from Aah, What Syndrome. Most of such patients in city hail from high socio-economic group and about 30% of them are addicted to use of alcohol/drugs in one form or another, added Dr Chourey.\"Days are not far when hearing aids would replace earphones. Teenagers live in a complex world nowadays and want to achieve their dream in no time. Finding none at home to share their feelings, youths turn to gadgets, which they can carry all the time, to satisfy their inner desires. Peer pressure also promotes loud music, especially in hostels and PG accommodations,\" said counsellor and behavioural science expert Dr Ratna Sharma.\"Use of earphones while reading and driving should be avoided. Students must give their ears rest for at least 15 minutes after exposure to loud sound every hour. Talking for more than two hours on mobile phones everyday may also affect your hearing, said ENT specialist at Chirayu Hospital Dr Satya Prakash Dubey.\"On an average, out of every 10 patients visiting my clinic, at least three use mobiles/ipods for more than two-three hours a day. Cases of Tinnitus, where patients' inner ears are hurt, resulting in humming sound and ringing sensation are also on the rise among youths in city. Such patients even find it difficult to sleep properly,\" he added.Reasons responsible for NIHL:1. Talking for more than 2-3 hours on mobile phones2. Frequent Listening to loud music on iPods and earphones3. Exposure to traffic noise during peak hours and especially blaring horns4. Loud music at discotheques and rock parties5. Sound of firecrackersPrecautions to be taken:1. Use hands-free/speakers during long mobile conversations2. Avoid excessive use of earphones/headphones3. Come out of discotheques playing very loud music at frequent intervals4. Use earplugs or other hearing protective devices when involved in a loud activity5. Don't succumb to peer pressure for playing loud musicSymptoms:1. Irritation in ears2. Asking others to repeat sentences often3. Inability to sleep without listening to musicSource/Noise:1. Mobile conversation/40 decibels2. Music on phones, iPods/60-80 db3. Discotheque music/90 db4. Traffic signals during peak hours/100 db5. Rock parties/100-120 db", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17807230", "title": "We have heard your voice, Sonia Gandhi says", "text": "NEW DELHI: UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi on Saturday said the government had heard the people's voice demanding an end to crime against women.\"I want to assure you that your voice has been heard,\" she said in a statement after the 23-year-old gang-rape victim died in Singapore earlier in the day.Gandhi said she was aware that people had taken to the streets in large numbers in support of the victim.As a woman and mother, she said, she shared the people's concerns following the Delhi gang rape and growing violence against women.She urged the people to remain calm and \"help strengthen our collective resolve\" to stop such crimes.Stating that the young woman's death won't go in vain, she said all Indians were grieving today.\"It is our resolve to fight with all our might and all the powers of our laws and administration for the safety and protection of all women of our country and to ensure swift and fitting punishment for the perpetrators of such brutal acts,\" Gandhi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17805324", "title": "I couldn\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t enjoy 'Rocky' as my mother was no more: Sanjay Dutt", "text": "Bollywood actor Sanjay Dutt recalls his first hitI was just 22 when I did Rocky. The film was designed for me. Directed by my dad (late) Sunil Dutt and produced by Amarjeet, it was meant to be my launch pad.We had a grand mahurat at Mehboob Studios and started shooting the film. Unfortunately, a few days into the shoot, my mother fell ill and my father had to take her to the US for treatment. He was by her side all through and couldn't return to resume shooting. After much thought, he put the onus of completing the film on close friend Raj Khosla. It was a big thing both for Raj ji to accept that kind of responsibility and for my father to give it to him. Finally, it was Raj ji who shot the film's climax and edited it.And while I eagerly awaited Rocky 's release, tragedy struck in the form of my mother's demise. I was in such a state of shock that I couldn't enjoy my moment in the sun when it finally came. The only consolation was that my mom had seen my film before passing away. Needless to say, my first hit wasn't at all exciting or uplifting. I was getting so much feedback but couldn't respond to any of it. I even signed a couple of films but soon sank into this low phase, which ended with my being sent away for treatment for drug addiction.I stayed abroad for two years. Upon my return, my father told me he would no longer put in a word for me. I remember his words clearly. \"Go and struggle. Find work,\" he told me.And so I struggled and landed one film titled Jaan Ki Baazi. Fortunately, it was a hit. That's how meri gaadi nikal padi ...", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17803653", "title": "CBSE to start tourism courses", "text": "LUDHIANA: CBSE has decided to introduce five skill-based courses related to hospitality and tourism sector from the next academic session 2013-14 in a bid to tap its growing potential.A recent study revealed that India is likely to witness a rapid increase in both domestic and international tourism. In an attempt to develop the employability skills in the sector, CBSE is providing a platform to the students to get themselves enrolled in such skill-oriented courses at the high school level itself.The courses related to hospitality and tourism sector include food production, food and beverage services, front office management, bakery and confectionery.Principal Gurmant Kaur Gill, Guru Nanak International Public School, Model Town, said, \"I feel that if CBSE launches such subjects at the high school level, they should be made available easily at the degree level too. I remember last time they launched some new vocational subject and it was not easily available at the college level so our students found it hard to continue pursuing the course.\"The new courses will consist of vocational subjects for classes XI and XII were the students would be able to opt for one language and two academic subjects related to the field as per their interests.'Interesting advantage'Introducing the courses at school level is a motivation for us to pursue our dreams. The additional weightage during the entrance at graduation level will obviously be a plus. GenNext students usually like to go for offbeat careers Shivam Malhotra | Lajpat NagarIntroducing such courses will make the education system more interesting at the high school level. Shivam Sharma |Harpal NagarThe courses seem interesting. Now I can enroll myself as it would give additional weightage when I apply for various hotel management institutes Hitesh | Bharat Nagar", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17805869", "title": "Vishal Bhardwaj turns choreographer", "text": "In her long and illustrious career this must be the first occasion when choreographer Saroj Khan's work has been scrapped. But the need of the hour was a change of choreography. It is with some amount of shock and disbelief that we hear of the legendary Saroj Khan being relieved of her choreographic duties, and that too after she had completed her work for Vishal Bhardwaj's Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola.The song in question is the catchy Oye Boy Oye Boy Charlie featuring Imran Khan , Anushka Sharma , Pankaj Kapoor, Aarya Babbar and a host of actors and junior artistes. After Saroj Khan completed choreographing the number Vishal scrapped her choreography and completely re-did the entire song.To dig out the actual facts pertaining to this startling ouster of Bollywood's most venerated choreographer one had get to a hang of Vishal's requirements for the number.Says a source close to the project, \"Vishal has the greatest regard for Saroj Khanji. Who doesn't? To have her choreograph the Charlie song was a dream come true for Vishal. And to her credit she did a brilliant job of it. But finally what Sarojji did with the song was not what Vishal wanted. The director had envisaged an air of unrehearsed spontaneity in the movements. The characters in the Charlie song shouldn't look like they knew their dance steps from before. To get that spirit of on-the-spot improvisation into the choreography Vishal had to reluctantly re-do the entire choreography of the song.\"Apparently Imran and Anushka, both extremely busy actors, readily accommodated a second round of choreography for the song, though we hear there was a certain amount of all-round trepidation and misgiving about doing away with the veteran choreographer's efforts.Says the source, \"Vishal, Imran and Anushka felt sorry about dancing to the Charlie song again, more so since Sarojji's choreography was as usual, brilliant. But they all felt it wasn't what was required.\"When contacted all Vishal revealed was that he did indeed do the choreography of the Oye Boy Charlie number. \"Something inside me told me I should,\" said Vishal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17803788", "title": "Eateries to remain open till 1.30 am", "text": "PUNE: The Pune police have done an encore this year by allowing the New Year's eve enthusiasts to eat, drink and make merry until 1.30 am. This relaxation, however, comes with a rider that strict action will be taken against anyone creating problems or caught driving vehicles in an inebriated condition.Restaurants, eateries as well as bars in Pune city will be allowed to serve the customers until that time, just like last two years, additional commissioner of police (administration) Abdur Rahman told TOI on Friday.\"The police have made elaborate security arrangements to avoid any untoward incident,\" he said.Although the state home department is not against such business establishments operating till 5 am, it has left it to the police to decide on the timings in their jurisdiction.Rahman said the Pune police have decided on the 1.30 am deadline and these establishments as well as places where parties will be held, including private places, will have to adhere to the rule or face prosecution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17806102", "title": "DiCaprio regrets not cashing on 'Titanic' fame", "text": "Actor Leonardo DiCaprio says he should have done more movies post his successful 1997 film \"Titanic\".The 38-year-old rose to fame after playing the role of Jack Dawson in the epic love story. However, the actor feels he could not explore the new found fame then.\"I probably should have done more movies during that time period. I took a solid break. I didn't even understand what a hit was, you know?.\"That movie came out and people were like, 'This movie is doing amazingly well!' and I'm like, 'Good, that's great',\" DiCaprio said on \"Today\" show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "dibrugarh", "code": "17802532", "title": "Cops yet to arrest killers of tea garden owner, wife", "text": "DIBRUGARH: Police are yet to make any arrests in connection with the brutal killing of tea planter Mridul Kumar Bhattacharya and his wife Rita by a mob of tea garden labourers at Kunapathar tea estate in Tinsukia district on Wednesday.Tinsukia district superintendent of police Prithipal Singh on Friday said a few persons, involved in the gruesome incident, have been identified and some arrests may follow soon.\"The situation is under control now. We have not arrested anyone so far. However, some persons involved in the crime have been identified, but they have gone into hiding. We're likely to make a few arrests soon,\" said Singh.The SP further informed that DNA sample of the unidentified body believed to that of the tea planter will be sent to the Forensic Science Laboratory in Guwahati to establish its identity. \"The DNA sample of Bhattacharya's son Autri has already been collected. Both the samples will be sent to the Forensic Science Laboratory in Guwahati by Sunday,\" added Singh.Significantly, the top police officer said the preliminary post-mortem report suggested that Rita Bhattacharya had suffered a head injury, which has fuelled suspicions that the couple might have been killed before they were set on fire. The state government has already ordered a magisterial inquiry into the incident.The tea estate owner and his wife were burnt to death by an angry mob of labourers at Bordumsa in the Assam-Arunachal Pradesh border of Tinsukia district on Wednesday. Police said Bhattacharya, the owner of MKB tea estate located in Kulapatha area, and his wife Rita Bhattacharya were charred to death when a mob of around 200 labourers torched their bungalow. Many termed the incident as a result of a clash between tea garden labourers and the management.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17802676", "title": "Licences of 8 sonography centres suspended", "text": "JAIPUR: The district administration has suspended licences of eight sonography centres for not installing active trackers, during surprise inspection on Friday. In the last week of June, the then district collector Navin Mahajan held a meeting with the sonography centres owners and radiologists asking them to install active trackers. The state government has made it mandatory for all the sonography centres to install active trackers.The active tracker is a device which keeps an eye on the activity happening in the sonography centres. The decision was taken to check the violation of the Pre-Conception Pre-Natal and Diagnostic Techniques Act 1994 in wake of declining sex ratio in the state.District collector T Ravikant said, \"The licences of the sonography centres have been suspended for 30 days.\"Now, the centres would not be able to conduct sonography for one month. The district administration constituted a team which inspected sonography centres in different parts of the city.T Ravikant said that the state government has already directed the sonography centres to install active trackers and made it mandatory for all the centers. The state government gave time to sonography centres to implement the orders otherwise strict action would be taken against them.He said that such surprise inspections would continue to find out those who violate the state government's direction so that action can be taken against them.Strict monitoring of sonography centres is one of the important decisions taken by the state government to curb female feticide. In Rajasthan the child sex ratio has declined by 26 points, from 909 to 883, between 2001 and 2011. The state government feels that the active tracker would prevent sex determination activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17802843", "title": "Lack of positive gesture rules out Prime Minister Manmohan Singh\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Pak trip soon", "text": "NEW DELHI: Making it clear that India was awaiting some positive gesture from Pakistan, the government on Friday said that there was no development in the neighbouring country that merited a visit by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh . Foreign minister Salman Khurshid said again that it was unlikely that the PM was going to visit Pakistan anytime soon.As TOI had first reported on December 5, Singh wrote to Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari in November saying that this was not the right time for him to visit there. Zardari had invited him to visit Pakistan on November 28 on the occasion of the Guru Nanak Jayanti.\"The Prime Minister will take his own decision but at this stage it does seem unlikely that he is going to go to Pakistan soon,\" said Khurshid. \"Nothing really has happened which could facilitate such a visit right now,\" he added. Khurshid was replying to a query from TOI about whether the \"narrow window\" for the PM's visit ahead of Pakistan elections was now completely ruled out.While replying to the query, interestingly, the foreign minister also referred to the issue of the US seeking immunity for the ISI from a civil suit filed in an American court in the 26/11 attacks. \"This does not concern us directly but it is certainly not a very encouraging development,\" he said. India had described the US decision as a matter of \"deep and abiding concern\" and one that had caused serious disappointment.Asked if the implementation of MFN status for India by Pakistan could help, Khurshid said India looked forward to it and that the government here would be disappointed if it didn't materialize by December 31 \u00e2\u20ac\u201dPakistan's deadline for it.While turning down Zardari's invitation in November, Singh tried hard not to offend the Pakistanis by saying that he had always looked to visit the neighbouring nation and that the two countries would continue to look for the right opportunity for such a visit through diplomatic channels. Pakistani government remained tight-lipped about Singh's reply for weeks probably fearing that it would be reported as a snub by the media there.Zardari had renewed Pakistan's invitation to the PM when he met Singh here in April en route to Ajmer. A few months later, he again wrote to Singh inviting him to visit Pakistan. He mentioned Guru Nanak Jayanti on November 28, saying it would be the right occasion for Singh to also visit his birthplace Gah in Chakwal, around 100 km from Islamabad .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17801142", "title": "Six years later, directorate of health services chucks common biomedical waste treatment facility idea", "text": "PANAJI: After sitting on the matter for almost six years, the directorate of health services (DHS) has changed its stand on setting up a common biomedical waste treatment facility (CBWTF) in the state. It no longer wants to \"shoulder the responsibility\". \"It is the prerogative of the local bodies (to set up the facility). Our job is to see that medical waste is collected, segregated and disinfected,\" said Dr M Mohandas, deputy director, DHS.With the sub-committee appointed to look into the CBWTF issue recently submitting its report, the DHS has informed the government that local bodies should bear the responsibility of disposing their medical waste. It has further asked the government to withdraw the contract given to P K Waste Management Services in 2006 to establish the facility.The sub-committee noted that the draft agreement of 2006 did not clearly specify the equipment required to be installed by the contractor, nor did it clearly specify the method of collection and segregation. It advised the DHS to re-consider the tender and suggested that the DHS initiate steps for termination of the contract.Sources said the project fell through because the government did not allot land and because of issues that crept up between DHS and the company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17804201", "title": "Delhi Police seal off city centre", "text": "NEW DELHI: Fearing large-scale protests following the death of the gang-rape victim, Delhi Police Saturday announced that India Gate and its surrounding areas that comprise the capital's power centre would be out of bounds for the general public.\"Entire Central Vista including Rajpath, Vijay Chowk and all road leading to India Gate will be closed for general traffic, Kamal Attaturk Marg also closed. All traveller advised to avoid these roads,\" Delhi Traffic Police tweeted early Saturday.The young physiotherapy student died in a Singapore hospital early Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "rameswaram (tn)", "code": "17806221", "title": "27 Indian fishermen released by court in Sri Lanka arrive at Rameswaram", "text": "RAMESWARAM (TN): The 27 fishermen, who were taken into custody by the Sri Lankan Navy recently and later released by a court, arrived here on Saturday.A court at Trincomalee had on Wednesday ordered their release and their four boats seized by the Lankan Navy.The fishermen, who belonged to Karaikal and Nagapattinam, were arrested on December 23 when they were fishing reportedly in the Lankan martime area.Navy spokesman Kosala Warnakulasuriya had said on December 24 that the Indians were arrested for \"poaching inside Sri Lanka international maritime border limits off the eastern coast\".The fishermen and their four boats were handed over to the Indian coast guard at the international maritime boundary line by the Lankan Navy on Friday. They were brought in a ship to Mandapam by the coast guard and handed over to their relatives this morning, U Arulanandam, Pamban Fishermen Association president said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "karanchi", "code": "17806468", "title": "Mobile phone services suspended in Pakistan over terror threat", "text": "KARANCHI: Mobile phones suddenly fell silent across Pakistan's commercial hub of Karachi following intelligence reports about terrorists planning to trigger remote-controlled explosions, the fourth such disruption to the cellular services in the bustling city this year.The decision to suspend mobile phone services was taken as there were intelligence reports that terrorists planned to carry out widespread target killings and trigger off remote-controlled explosives, sources in Sindh province's Home Ministry saidThe move, which came suddenly, was aimed at \"countering these terrorist threats although we realise it causes great inconvenience to the people,\" a source said.The decision to suspend mobile and cellular services from 10.30 am to 6.30 pm caught the people by surprise and caused them great problems.\"I don't understand this strategy of the government. What guarantee is there terrorists will not attempt to carry out their threats after 6.30 pm,\" Kashif, a Karachi resident, said.This is the fourth time this year that the government has suspended mobile phone services in Pakistan's financial hub.There is also talk about suspending the services for a while in Peshawar city due to terrorist threats.Network operators said they were informed about the suspension at 9.00 am.Suspending cellular services in light of terrorism threats on important days like Eid and Ashura has become a norm. However service suspension on such days comes with prior notice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17802312", "title": "'Stringent building rules hurt realty'", "text": "KOCHI: Strict building rules are affecting property developers in the state, said P A Verghese, VP for marketing, Skyline Builders, on Friday.\"There is demand for housing in Kochi, but we are not getting licences on time as the new building rules are very strict. If these rules are followed in word and spirit, there wouldn't have been any problem, but it is not the case so. Four or five projects of us are delayed due to the non-granting of licenses,\" he said in Kochi.Skyline currently has 16 projects at various stages of licensing. It takes up to 12 licenses needed for a project to take off, Verghese said. The delay in a project affects the banks too as 93% of the property buyers buy it on mortgages, he added. \"Crux of the matter is that would builders be able to provide affordable prices to the customers. However, with the delay in granting licenses, project costs escalates and it wouldn't be viable for the builders to provide houses at affordable prices,\" Verghese said.Skyline has three on-going projects in Kochi, apart from those in Kannur, Kozhikode, Thrissur, Aluva, Kottayam, Thiruvalla, and Thiruvananthapuram. tnnThe award winning company has completed 40 projects across the state so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17801907", "title": "Lynched woman yet to be identified", "text": "KOLKATA: The woman who was lynched at Topsia's GJ Khan Road on Thursday night is yet to be identified. Even on Friday, police had not made any arrests, sparking anger in the area.Locals alleged that police inaction led to the tragedy. \"Four teenage girls have gone missing from the area in the past month and despite lodging repeated complaints, police took no action to detect and arrest the trafficker,\" said Seikh Jahirul, a trader at Mollapara, where the woman was beaten to death.Locals said the woman had been staying in the locality for the past five days. Neither locals nor the police have any idea about her identity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17802411", "title": "Police to return Italian's recovered passport", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Italian national whose passport was stolen along with his bag four days ago will get it back after it was delivered to Amraiwadi police station by a postman who found it from a post box in the area.Police said a Good Samaritan or maybe the thief himself might have decided to return the passport this way.0Berto Phillipe, an Italian national on a three-month India tour, was on his way to Diu after coming to Ahmedabad from Rajasthan. He boarded a bus to Diu on December 24. \"He went to an eatery at Paldi and kept his bags at a private travel company's office. When he returned, he realized that the bag had been stolen. The bag contained foreign currency worth Rs 1.5 lakh, a laptop and other important documents. He had filed a complaint with Ellisbridge police and had given forwarding address.Amraiwadi police station inspector VK Zala said that a local postman had found the documents in the post box. Phillipe's passport and a pouch containing documents were also kept there. \"We have forwarded the documents to Ellisbridge police who have contacted the Italian national to return it to him. The documents will save some hassles for him during the tour,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17801003", "title": "Despite 51 acquittals, cops set to arrest alleged Naxalite again", "text": "NAGPUR: There seems to be no respite for Ganpat, alias Vishwanath Kudmethe even after winning acquittals in 51 cases related to Naxal movement slapped on him by Maharashtra police over a period of eight years. The latest acquittal came a day before from a Gadchiroli court. But he is still not a free man.Despite a petition against repeated re-arrest from jail gate before the High court, the alleged Naxal's 'invisible' release following the latest acquittal has surprised many. Senior officers claimed Kudmethe's re-arrest was their 'legal responsibility' and was above human rights.Even before Kudmethe's release, there were police vehicles and cops in civil dresses waiting at Nagpur Central Jail on Friday to pounce upon him from the gate which is within the jail premises. \"Court acquitted him but they are arresting him from the jail premises so where is the release?\" asked a counsel waiting to receive Kudmethe.There was high drama outside the jail after his counsels returned empty handed from the gate following a prolonged wait. The prison authorities claimed they had released him at 6.20 pm, an act nobody present at the seen seemed to have noticed. His exact whereabouts and his status still remain a mystery.Kudmethe was arrested in February 2004. His wife Jayakka, released last year, too was arrested shortly after her release. Since his arrest, Kudmethe has been re-arrested twice from jail gate. Ex-commander of Aheri dalam Jayakka is co-petitioner in the case along with husband Kudmethe. The couple has claimed damages to the tune of 15.80 lakh separately for illegal detention and vexatious prosecution.Kudmethe was slapped with about 30 cases after the first arrest but was acquitted in all as cops could produce no evidence. He was charged with 16 fresh cases after his re-arrest from jail gate in 2008. Once again, the judiciary did not find any evidence against him.Kudmethe, who has made a claim of 8 lakh for illegal detention, was dumped in the jail with five more cases but has been acquitted in all of them again.\"This is blatant violation of constitutional rights of a citizen and mockery of judiciary,\" said senior counsel Surendra Gadling.Kudmethe and Sadhu Talandi were acquitted by the additional sessions judge in Gadchiroli from a case of attempt to murder and rioting, among other charges, registered at Damrancha police station in 2003. As per the expectations of their lawyers Gadling and Jagdish Meshram, Talandi walked out of the prison in the afternoon but there was no sight of Kudmethe.The lawyers were stunned by the jail authorities who claimed that Kudmethe was released at 6.20 pm. The information was also confirmed to TOI by jail superintendent VV Sekdar.While a section of intelligence community claimed Kudmethe had sneaked away after his release, his counsels maintained he was not and he would be again delivered to security forces for more false cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17803505", "title": "2 ex-officers get jail term", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Special judge (Vigilance) on Friday convicted a former superintending engineer and a fire officer in disproportionate assets cases.While the court sentenced former superintending engineer Rabindranath Nayak of mechanical circle, Sambalpur, to three-year rigorous imprisonment and asked him to pay a fine of Rs 20,000, Suresh Kumar Panda, ex-fire officer and ex-principal of fire training institute at Bhubaneswar, was also sentenced to three-year rigorous imprisonment with a fine of Rs 16, 00, 000. In case of default, while Nayak will have to undergo two more months of jail term, Panda will have to spend another year in jail. The duo was booked under Prevention of Corruption Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17801353", "title": "Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation wants contractors to give ethical declaration", "text": "MUMBAI: In an attempt to break the syndicate of civil works contractors, the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) has decided to seek an ethical declaration from bidders wherein they will have to give a written undertaking saying they don't have a stake in any of the rival companies vying for the same contract.Civic sources told TOI that several contractors have formed cartels which bag civic contracts by working in a syndicate. Also, some of the contractors have formed companies under different names and invested in other companies to beat the competition.Additional municipal commissioner Aseem Gupta said, \"Keeping this in mind, the BMC has decided to prepare a comprehensive procurement policy which will consist of an ethical self-declaration. It will make it compulsory for bidders to give a written undertaking, saying they don't have any commercial interest in rival companies. They should also not have their officials as office-bearers of other firms.\"On Friday, the civic standing committee approved a Rs 41-crore proposal to repair 17 bridges in the city.Corporators raised questions about the bids received for these works, alleged that contractors had formed cartels to win these contracts. MNS corporator Sandeep Deshpande said, \"A close look at the bridges' repair tenders shows that a contractor who has bid low for one bridge has suddenly bid high for another. Some of the contractors also have shares in other companies.\"The BMC should hold probe in this and retender these bridge repair bids. If found guilty, the contractors should be blacklisted, he added.Meanwhile, civic officials announced that the contracts for resurfacing of four bridges -Kavi Keshavsut bridge and Jagannath Shankar Sheth bridge in Dadar, the Currey Road bridge and the Elphinstone bridge-will be retendered soon and the work will start within a month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17801702", "title": "I-T seizes Rs 52 cr unaccounted cash", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Income tax department has got unaccounted income disclosures worth Rs 52 crore in four survey operations initiated on four companies on Thursday. I-T officials cracked on a city-based pharmaceutical firm and three realty companies operating from Gandhinagar.Officials said that the Ahmedabad-based company, which has its corporate office in Prahaladnagar, had allegedly shown loans taken from fictitious individuals to bring back unaccounted income into the company. Officials said that the company has disclosed Rs 21 crore worth of unaccounted income. Tax sleuths said that the company has even shown expenses under heads which are not related to their area of business. \"In two of the three realty firms surveyed, we have got unaccounted income disclosure worth Rs 31 crore. However, for the third group, investigations are still on.\" Officials said that the firms had allegedly shown bogus share capitals in the company for making land purchases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17800920", "title": "Sunil Joshi questions Aussie Joe Dawes' role", "text": "JAIPUR: Sunil Joshi , former India left-arm spinner, feels that India's bowling coach Joe Dawes should take responsibility for the team's poor form. Saying that the Australian has failed to deliver the goods, Joshi thinks it's time to look beyond foreign bowling coaches.\"He (Dawes) needs to answer why the team is failing in the bowling department too. Since, he is the appointed coach, he must be accountable,\" Joshi told TOI on Friday.In the Pink City for the Ranji Trophy match against Rajasthan, the Hyderabad coach pointed out that the Australian should justify his role. \"The team hasn't done well but no body has raised doubts over the bowling coach. I'm not against him, but then, it's also true that India have had disastrous outings even at home turf. That tells a story,\" Joshi said.\"Someone who hasn't played a single international match is handed the responsibility of coaching India. Then, why not give Indians a chance to do that?\" Joshi questioned.\"I think communication is also an important factor. Every player must understand what the coach is trying to say, but players here are falling victims of language barriers. If given a chance, Indian bowlers would not do a bad job as bowling coach,\" Joshi, who has played 15 Tests and 69 ODIs, stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17803661", "title": "21 engineering colleges to seek accreditation", "text": "AURANGABAD: All the 21 engineering colleges affiliated to the Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar Marathwada University (BAMU) have decided to get accreditation from National Assessment and Accreditation Council (NAAC). The decision was taken at the management council meeting on Friday.Around 35 subjects were discussed in the meeting. \"A committee has been set up to address the complaints about lack of facilities in the hostels. The committee will review and suggest the necessary steps to be taken in each hostel, \"said Sanjay Shinde, public relations officer at the university.Shinde said that the work order for the e-tender that had been floated to start the construction of minority girls hostel had been released and the work will commence soon. \"Around Rs 4 crore have been sanctioned by the state government, \"he said.Considering the water shortage faced by the drought affected region, the university has decided to conduct exams of the summer semester a fortnight before the regular schedule. There will be less number of gaps between two papers and the syllabus for all the courses will be finished early by undertaking extra lectures, he added.Shinde said the council had also decided to install Wi-Fi facilities on the university as well as Osmanabad sub centre campus.The vice chancellor, Vijay Pandharipande will review the changes in the PhD process as suggested by the Board of Colleges and University Development (BCUD), M S Shingare.It was also decided to forward the proposal of new engineering college planned by the Chhatrapati Shahu Maharaj Shikshan Sanstha to the state government and the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE). A new M.Phil course will also be conducted during vacations on credit based grading system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17802705", "title": "Allahabad Municipal Corporation squad gets brick-bats during demolition drive", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The demolition squad of Allahabad Municipal Corporation bulldozed several shops on Mahatma Gandhi Marg in Civil Lines on Friday. The drive led to brick-batting in which four buses were damaged.The demolition squad and police had to face stiff resistance from the protestors. The cops used mild force to disperse the mob. The protestors resorted to brick-batting near Civil Lines bus stand.The AMC bulldozers, JCB machines and trucks reached the site at around 12 noon. The drive began from Hanuman Mandir and illegal kiosks were removed.When the squad reached Civil Lines bus stand and began to bulldoze shops around the area, a mob started throwing stones. Some protestors tried to squat before the bulldozers. This led to lathi-charge.Amber Cafe, a popular place, was bulldozed. Other hallmarks of Civil Lines like Shanti Kulfi and Shamiana were demolished.Around 63 shops on both the sides of MG Marg were demolished. Out of 63 shops, 34 belonged to Allahabad Municipal Corporation and the rest to Allahabad Development Authority.Demolition squad incharge SL Yadav said that licence of all these shops had been cancelled. ADA had cancelled the licence two years back and AMC around three months ago. The cancellation has been done as the shops were causing hindrance in widening of the road and other civic works.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17802193", "title": "Driver kills woman, jumps off flyover", "text": "CHENNAI: In an unusual incident, a car driver who fatally knocked down a 46-year-old woman, the wife of a CPI leader, jumped off the Kathipara flyover while being taken to the Guindy traffic investigation office on Friday morning. He fractured both legs and is undergoing treatment in a private hospital in Guindy.Police said the driver, Gopi, 26, of Pudupet, had hit two women in Sholinganallur, killing one of them and leaving the other seriously injured.Vijayalakshmi and her sister Nandhini of Lal Bahadur Sashtri Nagar in Sholinganallur were returning from a temple when the accident occurred. Police said the two women, after completing their 'darshan,' were walking home along the service lane when two cars whizzed past them at great speed. Before they could move, the third car that was following closely behind, the car was upon them. The two were thrown to the side of the road and the driver sped off. Hearing their cries, a few passing motorists and local residents rushed to the spot. While some of them attended to the women, the others turned their attention to the one who had knocked them down.The car driver had, by then, gone ahead and was trying to take a U-turn in a bid to escape in the same direction in which he came. The passers-by and others ran across the road and blocked the car. They pulled the driver out and gave him a sound thrashing.In the meantime, the two sisters who had sustained serious head injuries were rushed to a private hospital, where Vijayalakshmi died. Nandhini is undergoing treatment. Vijayalakshmi's husband Dhanapal is the CPI district secretary of Sholinganallur, police said.Soon, officers of the Guindy traffic investigation police, under whose jurisdiction Sholinganallur comes, arrested Gopi. He was asked to drive his car to the Guindy traffic investigation wing office while a police patrol vehicle followed.When the vehicle was on the Kathipara flyover, he suddenly stopped. When the escorting police personnel demanded the reason, he told them he wanted to check if there was enough air in his tyres.Pretending to bend down to check the tyre, he ran towards the parapet wall of the flyover and jumped from there. The police party, which was caught unawares, could not do anything but watch helplessly.The police personnel then took him to a nearby private hospital where he is undergoing treatment. A case has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "17803001", "title": "Four killed in accident near Dhrol", "text": "RAJKOT: Four persons including three women died and five were injured when a car collided with a private bus on Rajkot-Jamnagar highway near Dhrol town of Jamnagar district on Friday.The car driver lost control after one of its tyres burst and rammed into the bus coming from the opposite direction, police said.The deceased included the bus driver Jayanti Parmar (43), a native of Umardi village of Rajkot district. The other victims were identified as Parvati Sanghani (74), Vijayaben Akbari (50) and Sudhaben Akbari(35), all residents of Vibhapar village of Jamnagar district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17802878", "title": "Women take out candle march", "text": "PATNA: The state capital continues to seethe against the gang rape on Nirbhaya in New Delhi as a large number of members of Bihar Mahila Udyog Sangh on Friday organized a candle march from Gandhi Maidan to Kargil Chowk to show their solidarity with the victim.\"None of us know the girl who was gang-raped in Delhi. But being a mother of a girl child, I cannot sit idle at home. This is high time that all mothers came out to streets to seek more stringent punishment for the rapists,\" said Rekha Shukla while holding a candle.\"We have decided to keep the protest alive and create pressure on the Centre to punish those who enrage the modesty of women and make their lives miserable,\" said sangh president Pushpa Chopra.Rani, a PG student of Patna University, said, \"The culprits should realize that if they do not restrain themselves now, their mothers and sisters may have to undergo the same fate someday.\"The participants of the protest march handed over candles to few of the passer-by who also shared same view. To the surprise of many women, even boys are supporting the protest this time. \"Boys never take part in this kind of protest, but this time they came out in the open and are supporting the agitation. Many of my batch-mates have joined the protest march today,\" said Rani.The protesters later also prayed for speedy recovery of Nirbhaya who was last night shifted to Singapore for better treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "17801466", "title": "Father, son from Mumbai drown in Dudhsagar pond", "text": "PONDA: A picnic at Dudhsagar on Friday afternoon turned fatal for a family group of 13 from Mumbai, when the water claimed a father and son.Police said that around 4.30pm, members of the group noticed that Salvador Fernandes, 56, and his son Clive, 13, who were in the water, were missing.The duo had been swimming in the pond near the forest department gate.A search quickly ensued.Salvador was fished out of the water shortly into the search and was rushed to the Cacora Community Health Center (CCHC) where he was declared as 'brought dead'. Clive, who was found later, was also declared dead by the CCHC.The group of 13, including three minor children, have come from Santa Cruz in Mumbai.Colem PI Jivba Dalvi said the police have sent the bodies to the Goa medical college and hospital at Bambolim for autopsies to be conducted on Saturday.\"The postmortem will reveal the cause of death,\" he added.Salvador, who was working in Kuwait, had returned to India about a month ago and had come for a vacation to Goa with his wife, two children-including a six-year-old son-brothers and their families.The police have registered the deaths as 'unnatural' under section 174 of Criminal Procedure Code. Dalvi is investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17801333", "title": "News agency overlooked PM\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s \u00e2\u20ac\u02dctheek hai\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 gaffe?", "text": "NEW DELHI: Did suspension of five Doordarshan employees following the \"theek hai\" glitch in Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's appeal for calm after violent protests against the Delhi gang-rape mask poor oversight of the PM's sensitive message to the nation?The DD crew got the rap after it reached the PM's residence late on Monday by which time Asian News International (ANI), a private TV news agency, had recorded Singh's appeal. Not only was the DD team late, its teleprompter arrived even later.But things went out of hand with ANI providing the feed to TV channels without editing the PM's \"theek hai\" query at the end of the recording that immediately went viral over social networks with commentators slamming the remark as evidence of indifference, saying, \"it is not theek hai!\"Sources said the ANI team, keen to provide the PM's appeal to TV channels, uplinked the feed from the parking lot of the PM's residence itself. The feed was taken by channels even as it reached the ANI office and this saw the \"theek hai\" comment going on air.DD team's late arrival is apparently not connected to the ANI episode but the suspension is seen to have followed the \"theek hai\" gaffe, leaving unanswered the question of how the PM's message was not viewed and vetted before broadcast.PMO did not offer any comment on why Singh's message was not checked before telecast. It is being pointed out that the telecast was ANI's domain and the news agency ought to have ensured the \"theek hai\" bit was loped off.Singh is not a TV natural. His message after unpopular fuel hikes had to be recorded thrice to get it right. The PM's trysts with media have often been jinxed, his frank comments on Bangladesh and China were uploaded by the PMO in July, 2011, causing considerable diplomatic embarrassment.The standard practice is seen to require close supervision of such a telecast, perhaps all the more so as it came after the government was accused of lacking sensitivity as thousands of protestors crowded India Gate and Raisina Hill.While accessing the ANI feed, channels were unaware as to where the message ended since it was not edited. Later, ANI issued a regret and a clarification, but by then the damage was done and the feed left the government squirming.The DD team arrived 10 minutes after its appointed time of 9.30am and that too without a teleprompter. DD employees claim they were stuck in police restrictions due to anti-rape protests and took more than 75 minutes to negotiate a 15-minute drive.Prasar Bharati CEO Jawahar Sircar told TOI, \"I don't have full details with me so I can't comment. And there is an inquiry on. But I feel that there have been too many general complaints against Doordarshan teams reaching late. I think it is time for DD to be more professional.\"The confusion seems to have been compounded by Russian president Vladimir Putin's visit and the decision to move the telecast forward from noon. DD is framing a standard protocol and a teleprompter may be placed permanently at PM's residence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17803063", "title": "Political gaffes provide fertile fodder to spoof-bloggers", "text": "LUCKNOW: The 'politically incorrect' remarks made by politicians may infuriate the nation but there is one breed of writers which can't thank them more. These online bloggers representing the so-called Indian spoof industry thrive thanks to these gaffe-prone politicians. In recent times, websites like Faking News, News Laundry and News That Matters Not have taken on these politicians and their one-liners in a bid to tickle the funny bone, and giving in the process the nation a chance to \"look for answers\" to why these slick tongues should slip so often.The business of spoof sees a steep raise in internet hits as soon as politicians refresh with a new feed. While the newsman analyses the said part, many unsaid one-liners pop up in the social forums and the fake news websites.When MP Abhijeet Mukherjee courted controversy with his 'sexist' remark on Thursday, Faking News was quick to update on Twitter: \"More competition to Faking News. Mukherjee says, students don't go in for makeup\".Rahul Roushan, the man behind Faking News, is too tender to admit that these politicians provide fodder for his website. Roushan is critical about the political scene and says that the time of 'political correctness' is a passe. \"The stupid remarks do help Faking News. They save time on brainstorming and provide readymade food for satirical thought. These politicians are more than generous for humorists and satirists,\" says Roushan.Another pick from the spoof industry, News That Matters Not (NTMN), run by engineering students, lists the politics category as 'The Political Drama'. The website features spoof images and one such speaks about the infamous \"theek hain\" blunder of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh .Co-founder, NTMN, Sugandha sees a different side to spoof-making. She believes that a politician's compulsion of doing something entertaining leads to such flip-flops. \"Today's audience is entertainment hungry, and our politicians know it. Since they cannot sing or dance, they have to resort to the craft of controversy,\" stresses Sugandha.The demand for spoof is so high that most of the trending topics on Twitter draw more spoof than straight messages. \"Spoof is a way to vent out anger. We have got just this method to protest,\" says a spoof-maker Sidharth Gautam. Given the 'huge demand', websites like Faking News have started user generated content section.Hours after Thursday's gaffe, one contributor 'claims' that Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa's walking out from NDC meeting on Thursday was also being linked to Mukherjee's comment. He writes, \"As one of Congress's CM quoted Abhijit's ideas and told that 'Good looking people with heavy make ups aren't capable of doing social movements'. Our secret source says, this has irked Jayalalithaa badly and she walked out\".The people behind the satire websites say that the range of emotions, from amusement to anger and shock is what common man feels when it comes to political affairs these days. \"A common man realises that the netas are not there to serve the citizen; instead, they are too busy trying to score that edge over the other party. Theirs has become a sport of falsehood, mudslinging, bickering and mockery, at the cost of grace in speech and actual work,\" says Tanay Sukumar of NTMN.Roushan adds, \"The common man scoffs at them, laughs at them, and curses the politicians while in sofa. But when he gets up, and happens to walk out and stand in the queue to vote (a very unlikely situation), he forgets about all this\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17804610", "title": "India Gate, Raisina Hills closed for public, security beefed up", "text": "NEW DELHI: Anticipating protests following the death of the 23-year-old gang-rape victim, Delhi Police on Saturday stepped up security in the national capital closing India Gate and Raisina Hill for the public besides 10 Metro stations.A large number of police personnel were deployed at Rajpath, the stretch connecting India Gate and Raisina Hill where largescale protests were witnessed last weekend, and roads leading to this was closed.Police Commissioner Neeraj Kumar on tweeted on Friday night, \"praying hard for the rape victim will ensure accused are given severest punishment and quickly Reqst ppl to stay calm and maintain peace.\"A senior police official said the entire central area including Rajpath, Vijay Chowk and all roads leading to India Gate will be closed for general traffic.\"Kamal Attaturk Marg also closed. All traveller advised to avoid these roads,\" the official said.Ten Metro stations in Central Delhi were closed down for an indefinite period, as a precautionary measure by Delhi Police to prevent protesters from reaching the India Gate.The stations which will remain out of bounds for people are Pragati Maidan, Mandi House, Barakhamba Road, Rajiv Chowk, Patel Chowk, Central Secretariat, Udyog Bhawan, Race Course, Jor Bagh and Khan Market.However, inter-change facility will be available at Rajiv Chowk and Central Secretariat stations, DMRC officials said.India Gate and Raisina Hill had witnessed violent protests against the gang-rape and police resorted to baton charge, water cannons and lobbing teargas shells to disperse protesters.Constable Subhash Tomar died last Sunday during violent protests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17807213", "title": "Gujarat Technological University decides to go strict with colleges on infrastructure", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat Technological University (GTU) has warned colleges that it will impose fines ranging from Rs 1 lakh to Rs 5 lakh if the colleges do not overcome shortcomings in the infrastructure and teaching staff. It has said that colleges will be fined Rs one lakh for each teacher less than the sanctioned strength.GTU officials said an exhaustive survey was undertaken in the 750-odd engineering, pharmacy, MBA, MCA, ME and MPharm colleges in the state which threw up the alarming deficiency in infrastructure in 150 colleges. The biggest problem was a severe staff shortage which is affecting the quality of teaching in technical colleges.\"We have directed all colleges to pull up their socks and meet all requirements related to staff and infrastructure by January 5. After that, we will impose fines ranging from Rs 1 lakh to 5 lakh and also serve them notices\", GTU officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17804740", "title": "Gang-rape case: Delhi Police to invoke murder charges", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Police will invoke murder charges against the six men allegedly involved in the gang-rape and brutal assault of a 23-year-old girl in a moving bus after she died in a Singapore hospital 13 days after treatment.A senior police official said as soon as they get the official report from the hospital, they will slap murder charges against the accused who were nabbed after the December 16 incident.Police had initially booked the six men under sections 307 (attempt to murder), 201 (destruction of evidence), 365 (kidnapping or abducting), 376 (2)(g) (gang rape), 377 (unnatural offences), 394 (hurting in committing robbery) and 34 (common intention) of the Indian Penal Code.The girl had boarded the bus, thinking it to be a legitimate public carriage, from Munirka but was attacked and gangraped even as her male friend accompanying her tried to protect her. He was also injured in the incident.Police sources said they are planning to file the charge sheet in a court early next week.The arrested persons are driver Ram Singh, his brother Mukesh, Akshay Thakur, Pavan and Vinay. The sixth person apprehended claimed that he is a minor and police have sought the court's permission to get a bone check to ascertain his age.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17802722", "title": "Volunteers won't let pilgrims go missing at Maha Kumbh", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The volunteers of Bhoole Bhatke Shivir (lost and missing camps) will once again offer their services at Maha Kumbh. A group of 200 volunteers, who hail from Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Bihar, Punjab and Delhi, have started arriving at Sangam for the nobel deed. They are being trained by experienced and senior volunteers.Umesh Tiwari, son of shivir organiser Raja Ram Tewari, told TOI: \"We have already apprised our volunteers about the plan. We are training volunteers whose three generations have already served at the shivir in reuniting the families.\"Tiwari added that new volunteers have been imparted training by old and experienced ones on ways to trace missing people and how to treat them who got separated from their families.He said the range of loudspeakers meant for announcement has also been increased and they have been installed towards Fort Road crossing. There is also plan to increase the range of loudspeakers installed in the city areas.While the Mela administration has planned to equip bhoole bhatke shivir camps with all the hi-tech electronic gadgets, a team of experts would be assisting volunteers.Under the fresh plan, web cams will be installed at the shivir with internet facility to help keep constant touch with police to trace missing persons and reunite them with their kin.Mela authorities pointed out that web-cam equipped computer sets have been offered to volunteers of shivir with the objective to compile data including names, address and photographs of missing persons and sharing data/details with police of the state and neighbouring districts.Earlier, the entire work of bhoole bhatke shivir was done manually. Once the volunteers are be able to take photographs and other details of missing persons, they would be seeking the help of Allahabad and neighbouring districts police to trace families of missing persons.Kumbh Mela authorities have also planned to set up camps at all sectors of the Mela area and offering all sorts of assistance to volunteers.Octogenarian Raja Ram Tewari had set up bhoole bhatke camp on Sangam campus and has been serving since 1946. Tiwari and his volunteers have reunited lakhs of persons with their families till date.\"Since 1946, bhoole bhatke shivir has reunited 10,29,301 people including 20,905 children with their families during five Maha Kumbhs, six Ardh Kumbhs and 54 Magh Mela,\" said Mela officials.Meanwhile, Mela administration has plans to computerise the records of 30 police stations and 40 police outposts (to be set up during Maha Kumbh) exchanging inputs regarding missing persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17803707", "title": "Miffed BJP corporators complain about Sena", "text": "AURANGABAD: The widening gap between Shiv Sena and Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) in the Aurangabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) was visible on Friday when all 15 BJP corporators including deputy mayor stayed away from the bhomipujan ceremony of a bridge at Usmapura.The BJP corporators said that the Shiv Sena-led civic body was taking decisions on its own without taking the allies into confidence. \"The mayor and other Sena officials were ignoring senior BJP office-bearers on many occasions. It also happened in case of the bhumupujan of a bridge at Usmapura when senior leaders were not invited by the Sena leaders,\" said BJP group leader in AMC Sanjay Kenekar on Friday.The proposal for the bridge was initiated in 2009 when BJP's Vijaya Rahatkar was the mayor. A leader said that Rahatkar role was crucial in giving sanctions to the bridge but when the bhumipujan was performed, but she was not invited. \"We are partners in the municipal corporation and should be given the deserved respect and importance,\" he said.\"Right from the day when Kala Ojha took over the charge of mayor, the BJP corporators are being sidetracked by the Shiv Sena leaders. They are not taking its main allies into confidence even while taking crucial decisions of the civic body,\" he added.Meanwhile, Ohja has denied any differences between the Sena and BJP. \"BJP is our main constituent in the municipal body and we respect all their officials. We had invited all senior officials and hence there is no question of ignoring anyone,\" she said.Ohja said she did not make the list of invitees but no one was intentionally dropped.At present, out of 99 corporators in the Aurangabad Municipal Corporation (AMC), the BJP occupies 15 seats while 29 corporators belong to Shiv Sena. The combine is ruling the body under the leadership of Shiv Sena's mayor Kala Ojha.Shiv Sena MP Chandrakant Khaire and Mayor Kala Ojha performed the ceremony and Sena MLAs Predeep Jaiswal and Sanjay Shirsat, Municipal commissioner Purushottam Bhapkar, leader of the house Raju Vaidya and others were also present at the ceremony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17801448", "title": "Verify Ravi Naik's assets for alleged drugs case link: Sunil Kawthankar", "text": "PANAJI: Youth politician Sunil Kawthankar, of the Goa wing of the National students union of India (NSUI), has submitted a complaint to the state crime branch, where he has asked for an investigation into the assets of former home minister Ravi Naik, his son Roy Naik and two Goa police officers, and to seize any disproportionate assets they might have have. Kawthankar has alleged that the four are involved in the narcotics trade in Goa and tried to conceal crucial evidence of the dealings of Roy Naik.\"It has come to light now that the witness in the politician-police-drug mafia case in Goa, Lucky Farmhouse, in her statement in 2010, had clearly named Roy Naik for his involvement in drug trading in Goa, and had also said that he is the son of home minister Ravi Naik. Yet, Ravi Naik, the Goa crime branch deputy superintendent of police Chandrakant Salgaokar, SP Mangaldas Desai and SP Prem Kumar have gone on record to state that no Roy Naik was named by Farmhouse, or that she was refusing to give a statement,\" Kawthankar said in his complaint.He said that Ravi Naik not only denied Roy's involvement in the case but even appointed him personal assistant to the home minister, which gave him access to some of the state's most crucial official documents. Kawthankar has said that this put state and national security on the line.\"Farmhouse's statement was recorded in the presence of an official of the Indian embassy in Sweden , yet our officials and the minister in Goa made repeated press statements to mislead the public into thinking that either Roy was not named in the statement at all, or that the Roy named was not the son of the home minister. The police officers involved clearly acted as they did for their benefit as Ravi Naik, who was then the home minister,\" Kawthankar said.He also alleged that Ravi Naik misused his authority and has made a mockery of democracy.\"Despite Roy Naik being named as early as 2010 in the case, he was not even arrested once for investigations. The police are only arresting petty dealers, and this is not helping the case. It is the masters who need to be booked,\" Kawthankar said.Reacting to the allegations, Ravi Naik said, \"Let the CBI conduct an impartial inquiry into the case. Our government is no more in power. I don't know why people are still afraid of Ravi Naik. Roy has already clarified his stand on the issue.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17806084", "title": "Special aircraft to bring back Delhi gang-rape victim's body today", "text": "NEW DELHI: A special aircraft will bring back the body of the 23-year-old gang-rape victim from Singapore on Saturday evening, officials said.The woman died early Saturday in a Singapore hospital after battling for life for 13 days.She was brutally gang-raped and tortured on board a moving bus here on December 16 and suffered grievous injuries. She was flown to Singapore on Wednesday night for specialised treatment after her condition deteriorated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17803066", "title": "Gorakhpur Yogi Adityanath seeks action against SO", "text": "LUCKNOW: Bharatiya Janata Party MP from Gorakhpur Yogi Adityanath and his supporters met senior police and administrative officers of the district demanding immediate action against the station officer of Pipraich police station in the district.Senior district officials assured the MP and his supporters of doing the needful without partiality and prejudice. The MP had reportedly warned the authorities of widespread protests against the police harassment if action was not initiated against the accused soon.SO Pipraich, senior sub-inspector Ajay Rai, had made an entry into the general diary of the police station (at 11.10 am against entry number 21) on Thursday stating that the MP had accused him of siding with one party involved in a land dispute and had threatened to trigger off riots in the area, if the police did not mend its ways. The GD noting states that the MP used foul language against the SO.tnnThe MP however told the senior officers that the SO himself misbehaved with him on the phone and subsequently made an entry into the GD accusing the MP of using foul language and threatening him of triggering a riot. The MP said that when he called up the SO to seek details of a land dispute in Gambhirpur that he went out of control. He allegedly told the MP \"Police kisi ki naukar nahi hai\" (police is not the servant of anyone) and used highly derogatory words to address the MP.The dispute has its genesis in a dispute between two locals in Gambhirpur Gumhariyan village over a small patch of land. Reports said one Laxmi Pandey of the area had a medicine store in Gambhirpur. Right opposite to the shop across the road there was a small patch of land that belonged to him. On one side of the land is the house of Ambiya Khatoon while the house on the other side of patch belongs to Sanjay Yadav. A few days ago families of Ambiya Khatoon and Sanjay Yadav entered into a dispute after Sanjay tried to construct a door at his house that opened on Laxmi Pandey's land and the opposite party opposed it claiming that the landowner had allowed them to use the patch. Sanjay on the other hand claimed that Laxmi Pandey had given the occupancy of the land to his family.Police reached the site after the two families virtually came to blows on the issue and summoned Laxmi Pandey to confirm if he had allowed both or either of the parties to use his plot of land. Laxmi denied that he had permitted either of them to use the land and went on to claim that he was preparing to construct a boundary wall around the said plot. Thereafter police directed Sanjay Yadav to seal the portion of the wall that he had opened to construct a door that opened on the said land. At the complaint of Sanjay, the police also directed Ambiya Khatoon's family not to use the patch of land for chores like washing utensils and clothes.It was in this connection, that the MP called up the SO Pipraich on his close-user-group (CUG) number from 0551 2255453 (land line number subscribed to the MP) and allegedly accused him of siding with one community to harass the other community. After the MP supposedly threatened to trigger of riots in Gambhirpur, the SO made an entry into the GD of the police station and reached the site but neither the MP nor his supporters reached the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17803318", "title": "Brides prefer simple gowns", "text": "RANCHI: Wedding being one of the most important ceremonies in a person's life, calls for the need to look into details and make it a grand affair. It is also a time to look your best. For every bride to look like a dream on the D-day the wedding trousseau plays an essential part. And when it is a Christian wedding in question, the gown attracts maximum eyeballs.With the wedding season among tribal Christians beginning just after Christmas, orders for gowns are pouring in from every house where lives a bride-to-be. But the tribal Christians in Jharkhand are more keen on gowns with sleeves as opposed to the off shoulder gowns popular in the western part of the world.According to designers, white and off-white are the colours preferred for a bridal gown. But brides in the state are only opting for off-white gowns. Vineeta Rashmi Topno, designer of Rashmi bridal collections said: \"The trousseau consists of gloves, veil, gown and bouquets which the girl takes along with her to the church. It takes around 20 to 25 days to prepare the entire bridal set. It ranges between Rs 8,000 and Rs 25,000. While some customers come with their own set of designs, we too have our catalogue.\"The lengths of the sleeves of the gowns vary according to the wish of the customers. \"In most of the gowns we try to put net sleeves whether its half or full. The gowns are at times designed in the style of a frock. Some look for simple gowns. These days applique and pearl work is in demand,\" said Topno.Betty Thomas , whose wedding is on December 30, said: \"Off shoulder gowns are very western; they do not match up to our tastes here. For my wedding, I have ordered a very simple wedding gown which has half sleeves and pearl work done on it. The veil is also designed in the same manner, the gloves are made of net.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17807832", "title": "Shia LaBeouf's new girlfriend reveals dream date", "text": "Before Shia LaBeouf and Mia Goth took their romance public in December, the actress revealed what her dream date would entail.The 29-year-old 'Nyphomaiac' star told i-D magazine that she wanted her date to be very simple, Us magazine reported.The 5-foot-9 half-Canadian, half-Brazilian starlet added that her dream date could just be a stay in, where she and her boyfriend could cook and watch a great movie, as she is obsessed with films.LaBeouf, 26, began dating the model-turned-actress shortly after ending his two-year relationship with Karolyn Pho earlier this fall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17801928", "title": "Two inspectors fined for lying to court", "text": "CHENNAI: Two police inspectors have been hauled up for contempt of court and asked to pay Rs 11,000 each as fine and case cost for furnishing false information to the Madras high court. The inspectors were found guilty of lying to the court that a case had been filed when they had n't done so.\"They have not only caused prejudice to the complainant but also undermined the dignity and majesty of the high court. Therefore, they are ordered to pay a fine of 1,000 each, and if they default, they shall be liable to undergo a simple imprisonment for a period of 15 days,\" Justice T Mathivanan said delivering the order last week. The court also imposed a case cost of 10,000 each.While former Kancheepuram district crime branch inspector Mohanavel and the officer holding the same post now, N Ramadoss, faced the music, it was a narrow escape for district superintendent of police S Manoharan.Dr C A Mohamed Abdul Huq had lodged a complaint with the Kancheepuram crime branch in October 2011, alleging that three people attempted to grab his property worth 1 crore at Sriperumpudur. When no case was registered, he sent a complaint to Manoharan.As no FIR was registered, Huq approached the high court. When he was summoned, inspector Ramadoss informed the court that a case had been registered. On scrutiny, Huq's senior counsel A E Chelliah found that on the date of the court hearing, no case had been registered, and the court had been misled by the inspector.Huq then filed a contempt of court petition seeking action against Ramadoss and Manoharan for willful disobedience of court orders. Justice Mathivanan said: \"A perusal of the records reveals that when the court order was passed on January 25, 2012, it was wrongly informed that a case had been registered, though the case was registered only on May 8, 2012, after nearly four months. It is utter disregard and disobedience on the part of police.\"However, Justice Mathivanan held that no adequate grounds were available to hold that Manoharan had flouted the court order as he had issued a memorandum to the deputy superintendent of police as well as the inspector to register and investigate the case.In the case of Mohanavel, the judge said he had initially dealt with the complaint. Pointing out that Ramadoss alone had been a party to the contempt proceedings, the judge invoked the court's extraordinary jurisdiction under Article 215 of the Constitution and said Mohanavel could not be let off merely because his name was not included in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17803568", "title": "Pune firm designs IIT Gandhinagar buildings", "text": "PUNE: The academic buildings on the proposed campus of the Indian Institute of Technology at Gandhinagar, Gujarat, will be designed by city firm Mitimitra. The campus will have a lecture-theatre complex, laboratories, faculty housing, students' research facilities, recreational space, canteens and exhibition spaces.Madhav Hundekar of Mitimitra told reporters on Thursday that the management of IIT Gandhinagar, after getting their master plan ready, had held a competition for architects from across India to get the best of designs and concepts for the 400-acre campus at Palej village comprising academic buildings, housing for staff and hostels for students.Hundekar said three firms were chosen for the three areas from the 50 contestants. Tenders are being invited and construction will begin soon, he said. The project will be fully operational in three years. Phase I of the campus, comprising the academic block will be operational in June 2014, he said.Mitimitra has also won the design competition held by the 'Adarshgaon Sankalpa Ani Prakalpa Samiti' on behalf of the state government to design a special training centre for imparting training in developing a model village like Hivare Bazar in Ahmednagar district.Hundekar said Hivare Bazar under its sarpanch Popatrao Pawar has been attracting social workers and non-government organizations from all over the world. There are no proper facilities for visitors to stay and collect information on Pawar's initiatives, he said. The state government has decided to create a model village development centre and has identified 100 villages in Maharashtra to replicate Hivare Bazar, he added. \"The Adarsh Gaon Training Centre will have an auditorium, seminar halls, classrooms, exhibition spaces, library and recreational area with an amphitheatre and residential facilities,\" Hundekar said. The Rs 15-crore project will be operational in less than a year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17802664", "title": "Congress celebrates its foundation day", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The 127th foundation day of Indian National Congress was celebrated here on Friday. A function was organised by the District Congress committee presided by district president Anil Dwivedi who recalled the role of illustrious statesmen, freedom fighters and politicians of the party.Addressing the gathering, former mayor and Congress leader Jitendra Nath Singh said that INC has still a long way to go in order to become the party of the 21st century in India. The country has marched forward under the leadership of party in all spheres and partmen should work hard to achieve Mission 2014.Congress spokesperson Kishore Varshney said the party has always followed the principles of democracy and socialism by which the nation made rapid strides in the field of development. Under the leadership of the present president Sonia Gandhi and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh India has achieved new heights of glory.Those present included Fuzail Hashmi, Abhishek Shukla, Nishant Tripathi, Ajay Mishra and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17802736", "title": "Star-studded Kumbh Mela on cards this time", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Rumblings over land allotment among seers notwithstanding, the best is yet to come to Kumbh Mela-2013. A number of celebrities, including Hollywood personalities like award-winning filmmaker, actor, TV director, visual artist and musician David Lynch, actor Richard Gere and spiritual guru Dalai Lama would be rubbing shoulders with bigwigs like former US presidential candidate John Hagelin, a number of Nobel laureates and spiritual gurus.Though Mela authorities were tight-lipped over the names of the celebrities likely to visit the Mela for security reasons, visit of some of the celebrities was confirmed by local sources.National spokesperson of the Maharishi Mahesh Yogi Trust Dr T C Pathak told TOI: \"A number of Hollywood celebrities would apparently visit the Mela to pay obeisance to the upcoming 'samadhi' (memorial) of their spiritual guru, late Maharishi Mahesh Yogi, at Sacha Baba ashram in Arail. They would be joined by more than a thousand delegates of the Maharishi movement drawn from 120 countries, who would camp at the sprawling 600-acre Sacha Baba ashram of their late guru.\"A number of celebrities have been associated with the Maharishi movement. Pathak said: \"The occasion would be graced by international head of Maharishi movement Dr Tony Nader, who has assumed the high-sounding title of Raja Ram, head of the Global Country of World Peace. Giving him company and assistance would be his deputy Raja Harris and prime minister of the Maharishi Global Country of World Peace Dr Bevan Morris.\"Pathak refused to comment on the possibility of the visit of pop legend Sir Paul McCartney of the Beatles fame, but said that the group was closely associated with their spiritual guru Maharishi Mahesh Yogi in the 60s.The entire group led by late George Harrison had come down to Rishikesh to meet Mahesh Yogi and stayed there for a couple of days. It was during the course of their stay that the group composed the song - \"Anthem-Jai Guru Deva\", which was played by the National Aeronautical Space Agency ( NASA ) of the US for astronauts during their space odyssey.Hagelin, a one-time US presidential candidate and a world-renowned quantum physicist, educator, public policy expert and leading proponent of peace, would be our guest, Dr Pathak said.The visit of American filmmaker David Lynch is definitely on the cards along with a host of other international celebrities from the field of science, politics and business at Mahesh Yogi ashram. Maharishi's devotees would play host to a large number of foreign tourists during Kumbh. More than a thousand delegates from 120 countries would also attend our camp at Kumbh Mela, informed Dr Pathak.There is also a strong possibility of Hollywood actor Richard Gere accompanying the exiled Tibetan leader and spiritual guru Dalai Lama, who would visit the Mela to take part in the Sarva Dharma Sansad being organised by the Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) as a keynote speaker.Dalai Lama would share the dais with speakers drawn from Hindu, Jain, Sikh and other diverse faiths to chalk out an effective strategy to foster international peace and brotherhood, said VHP secretary of Allahabad region Pawan Srivastava. However, he couldn't confirm the visit of Gere.Srivastava said that in this connection, an Arunachal Pradesh cabinet minister D B Refunchee had also visited the city a few days back as a representative of Dalai Lama to take stock of the arrangements being made for the two-day stay of the exiled Tibetan leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17802432", "title": "Women suffer big in India's state vs rebels war", "text": "NEW DELHI:* Soni Sori, a tribal teacher in a government school in Dantewada, Chhattisgarh, was arrested in October last year on charges of being a courier between the Maoists and Essar Group which has mining interests in the region. She alleged that she had been sexually assaulted by the Chhattisgarh police and a Kolkata hospital that examined her had found stones in her private parts and rectum.* In November this year, Chhattisgarh police and CRPF (Central Reserve Police Force) rescued two minor tribal girls who were allegedly gang-raped by Maoists in Bijapur, Bastar district.* In July 2004, the rape and murder of Thangjam Manorama Devi in Imphal by Assam Rifles personnel had rocked the nation with several women's groups in Manipur coming out naked in the streets to protest. A few days back, Imphal witnessed mob violence over government's inaction on molestation of an actress by an NSCN (IM) cadre.* On the night of February 23 and 24, 1991, personnel of the 4 Rajputana Rifles had raped about 30 women in Kunan Poshpora village in the border district of Kupwara in north Kashmir.*A young girl in Jharkhand's insurgency-hit Khunti district had to flee a separatist camp after she was forced to sleep with five Naxalites every night, according to Baidyanath Kumar of the NGO Diya Seva Sansthan that had rescued her.Even as the Delhi bus gang-rape case simmers, women in India's insurgency-hit areas \u00e2\u20ac\u201dKashmir, Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand or the North East \u00e2\u20ac\u201d continue to be exploited sexually both by separatists and the security forces. Often, women endure sexual abuse in return for life of their families. Women in villages of border districts of Rajouri or Poonch in Jammu and Kupwara and Uri in Kashmir are known to submit to sexual exploitation by militants from across the border, besides giving them food and shelter, in return for the safety of their families. In fact, sources reveal that soldier husbands inform their wives in advance of their arrival on holidays so that the terrorists can move out of their homes in time.In Naxalite-hit areas, many women end up being recruited in the cadres, where they are exploited sexually. Says Baidyanath Kumar, \"The Naxals induct women by force for dual purpose. They serve as sex slaves and cook for them too.\" Shambhu Kumar, Ranchi ASP (Operations), adds, \"99% of women Naxals, whether arrested or those who have surrendered complain of sexual harassment in the camps.\" Often, women are left with no choice \u00e2\u20ac\u201d they either give into the state-sponsored vigilantes, Salwa Judum, or tag along with Maoist cadres.Most often, cases of sexual crimes go unreported either due to remoteness of the location or victims choosing to stay silent out of fear or social stigma attached to such exploitation. Babloo Loitongbam, director of Imphal-based Human Rights' Alert, says, \"In a conflict zone, targeting women's honour becomes a contest between the warring parties. And the reported cases of rape by army or the para-military forces in Manipur are just the tip of the iceberg. We have documented over 20 rape cases in the last few years but most go unreported.\" Even if the victim reports the crime, most of these cases remain unsolved and justice remains elusive.Anjuman Ara Begum, a Guwahati-based law researcher, says that sexual crimes in armed conflicts are always treated with a 'forget and forgive' policy. \"Security forces enjoy immunity as prior sanctions are required for initiating legal cases against them under Afspa (Armed Forces Special (Powers Act), 1958) and CrPC.\" Many states in the North East are under the Afspa.\u00e2\u20ac\u201d Reporting by Joseph John in Raipur, Oinam Sunil in Guwahati, M Saleem Pandit in Srinagar and Alok K N Mishra in Ranchi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17802857", "title": "Probe launched into food poisoning cases in Bassi", "text": "JAIPUR: The medical health and family welfare department has launched an investigation into the cases of food poisoning reported in Bassi on Thursday night.The health authorities have collected samples of the food served at the religious feast at a temple, and sent them to the central laboratory for testing. The meal included poori, sabzi, pakori, halwa.Health department has not ruled out the possibility of use of sub-standard ingredients and vegetables in preparing the meal.Chief medical health officer Dr Ravi Prakash Sharma said, \"We have also taken two samples of raw material used in cooking- edible oil and the flour used for making poori.\"A relative of an ailing child who is admitted to J K Lon hospital said, \"The food was prepared in huge quantity. Within a few minutes, all those who consumed it started complaining of stomach ache and vomitting. Others who were yet to take the meal chose not to have it. It was a panic situation. We rushed to Bassi community health centre.\"The department has also sent out teams in adjoining areas to find if there are more people who require medical attention after Thursday's incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17802074", "title": "Paneer on your plate could be adulterated", "text": "BANGALORE: The next time you order any dish with 'paneer' (cottage cheese) in any hotel, be careful. It may not have in it even traces of milk, the base ingredient for making it. Adulterated paneer made of urea and other harmful chemicals has flooded the market, city police have warned.One-and-a-half tonnes of adulterated paneer were seized from an outlet on 16th Cross, Lakkasandra, near Wilson Garden, and Marathahalli on Tuesday, police confirmed. Five persons have been arrested in this connection, they added.\"The entire stock was brought from Dharmapuri in Tamil Nadu and the packets did not bear stamps of their year and date of manufacturing and expiry and also the maximum retail price. We have sent the samples to a chemical laboratory. The Food and Civil Supplies Department (FCSD) and Bruhat Bangalore Mahanagara Palike's health department have been informed about the seizure. We have also sought further action on the adulterated food stuff,\" police commissioner BG Jyothi Prakash Mirji said.The entire adulterated food stuff was seized from Sri Sai Baba Enterprises and later from another premises at Chowdeshwari Layout in Marathahalli of Bangalore East after the accused persons confessed about the stocks.\"Most of these materials came in different names and from different manufacturers in Dharmapuri,\" Mirji said.An investigating officer citing preliminary investigations said the 'paneer' is not fit for human consumption. Its consumption could damage internal organs, including kidneys.\"We will know about the exact nature of the toxic materials used in the 'paneer' after chemical analysis. An independent investigation will be conducted by the civic authorities and by the FCS department officials,\" the officer said.The five arrested persons are S Subramani, 32, of Krishnappa Garden, Tavarekere; S Krishnamurthy,48, of Nanjappa Layout in Adugodi; C Shekhar Reddy,40, of Chowdeshwari Layout in Marathahalli; N Rajendra, 55, of Sudhamanagar and B Prashanth, 20, of AD Dasarahalli.A Maruti Omni van used in transporting the material and two mobile phones were seized from the accused. A case has been registered with the Adugodi police.Police are not ruling out the presence of adulterated paneer in the city's markets. They said at least 100 tonnes of paneer arrives from Tamil Nadu every month.SALEM MILK'Salem' milk in Bangalore is an euphemism for adulterated milk made of urea and other hazardous chemicals. Several thousands of litres of Salem milk have been seized by Bangalore police over the past years. Police said it was natural that products made of Salem milk too were now flooding the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17801036", "title": "Medium of instruction issue resolved or a policy continues to elude Goa?", "text": "PANAJI: When the Manohar Parrikar-led Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) took over the reins of the state in early 2012, it found itself in a sticky situation with the medium of instruction (MoI) issue. The shift by the previous government from the traditional policy of grants to only regional language primary schools raised a storm. The issue was resolved by the BJP government by allowing the 127 schools that converted to English medium to continue with the new MoI in the interest of the students who were already learning, to cope with the change.The decision brought relief to parents of students in the 127 schools, and also to the students whose academic future was dangling in the hands of the ficklemindedness of policymakers. But once the satisfaction of the difficult issue being resolved set in, the government decided to lay back and put on the backburner plans to follow up the decision with concrete measures for a policy on grants for MoI in primary schools.Experts believe that the current policy is faulty and wide open for manipulation.\"The parents have the freedom of choice of medium,\" says educationist Prabhakar Timble. What the government has done is closed its choice to provide grants to a medium of its choice. That the government cannot provide grants to English medium schools, that matter is sealed. The only possibility now is for schools teaching in regional languages to ask for additional infrastructural and other support facilities.\" He added that the withdrawal of grants to the 127 schools that shifted to English medium is now out of the question.But Timble said that in the present situation, the decision is open to be challenged in the court of law until followed by finalization of a clear policy framework.\"When other English schools demand grants, they cannot be denied the funds by the government simply on the grounds that they are not part of the 127 schools. It is a matter of policy and there has to be some rational grounds laid down to deny grants like lack of infrastructural facilities. Else, the government can be taken to court as it amounts to abuse of discretion on part of the government,\" Timble said.Louis Vernal, an educationist named to head a committee that will frame a permanent and detailed policy on MOI for primary education in Goa, is still awaiting government orders to begin work on his report, over six months later.\"There needs to be a policy in place in the matter as some other schools may also want to change their medium. But for this policy to be framed, there needs to be an objective study as to whether the students in these 127 schools have coped well or not to the change in medium, and how the teachers are handling it. Anybody can start a school in a medium of their choice, the question is to whom the government wants to extend grants. I hope a decision is reached before the next academic year begins,\" Vernal said.He said that while the principle remains that the mother tongue is the best language for a child to study in at the primary education level, it cannot be denied that there could be cases where persons of certain geographical regions are not familiar with the languages and have difficulty in learning them.\"Though a study is needed to see what MoI works best for children in Goa, to say that these 127 schools should go back to teaching in the mother tongue is easier said than done,\" Vernal said.Yugank Naik, whose group 'Get Well Soon' has recently issued an ultimatum of January 2, 2013, to the state government to come out with a clearcut policy on MoI for primary education, said that the present government has only complicated the issue further and is far away from a solution. \"The government is completely unaware of the ground reality. What about parents in these 127 schools who do not want to change the medium of instruction? Most schools do not have the basic personnel required for a smooth shift to English medium. The current policy is incomplete and without any logic,\" Naik said.Savio Lopes of Force, which was at the helm of the movement for continuation of grants to schools who want to shift to English medium, said, \"I feel the government is sensible enough not to rake up the issue all over again. If anybody tries to play around with the future of the children, we will be have to be more tough, if the situation arises.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17804222", "title": "Sheila Dikshit appeals for calm", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit on Saturday appealed for calm following the death of the young woman who was flown to Singapore after her brutal gang rape and torture.Sheila Dikshit described the young woman's death as a \"truly, terribly sad news\".\"I appeal to you to be calm and peaceful,\" she said.\"So that in being calm and peaceful...we can reflect what we need to do in future,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17802328", "title": "Biennale jamboree keeps art alive", "text": "KOCHI: On Friday, Kochi-Muziris Biennale saw the first batch of artists from the Karnataka Lalita Kala Academy arriving at its venues.Gundlupet-based Shiva Hadimani, leader of the team, said the sights and images at Aspinwall House, the main venue, had the capacity to alter the sensibilities of the average Indian artist.The Bangalore-based academy is sending 200 artists to biennale and has earmarked Rs 20 lakh for the expenses. Academy chairman Krishna Setty was at the show here last week.Meanwhile, the biennale is changing the face of the city with wacky little posters and illustrations in open spaces. The creators of this 'unscheduled' art prefer anonymity many a time.\"They have an off-track quality,\" says Bose Krishnamachari, co-curator of the Kochi-Muziris Biennale that began on December 12. \"We take them as a token of salute to the festival.\"A flurry of such impulsive works is most seen in west Kochi. A few road-facing walls and fences in Mattanchery feature a cluster of passport-size photographs of Spanish student, Armando Miguzlez. 'Kochi 12/12/12' is the only caption of sorts next to it.\"I've visited various biennales in the world. It's my habit to leave a footmark of sorts by pasting my own set of latest photos at the venue,\" he says.And different kinds of 'rangolis' have been South American Juan Requena's contribution to the ongoing biennale. The Venezuelan artist would etch them on specially designed spectacles and display them at certain businesses and buildings in Mattanchery and Fort Kochi.At Mattanchery's Hallegua Hall on the famous Jew Street, four Indians are showcasing their works along with five foreigner artists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17801445", "title": "Hindu fanatics had carried out 2006 Malegaon blast?", "text": "NEW DELHI: Now, it is official that 2006 Malegaon blast that killed 37 people and injured over 100 was, perhaps, not perpetrated by Muslim fundamentalists but Hindu fanatics. The National Investigation Agency (NIA) on Friday officially declared the Samjhauta Express blast accused Rajender Chaudhary as an accused in the 2006 Malegaon blast case.An NIA special court on Friday issued production remand for Chaudhary alias Samunder in connection with the case. He will be produced in the court on January 3, when NIA will likely be granted his custody for interrogation and investigation in connection with the terror act.Maharashtra ATS had arrested and charge sheeted nine Muslim men \u00e2\u20ac\u201d several of them associated with SIMI \u00e2\u20ac\u201d accusing them of perpetrating the attack with in their bid to incite communal riots to overthrow the Indian state.NIA investigations have, however, indicated that the blast was engineered by Hindu fanatics led by Swami Aseemanand and former RSS Pracharak Sunil Joshi . The agency arrested Chaudhary in the second week of December in connection with the 2007 Samjhauta Express blast. However, during interrogation Chaudhary is believed to have spilled the beans on the 2006 Malegaon blast as well. Sources say, he has revealed that he along with Ramchandra Kalsangra and Sandeep Dange plotted, surveyed sites and executed the blast to avenge attack on Hindu temples by Islamic terrorists.On September 8, 2006, powerful multiple blasts near Hamidia mosque in Bada Kabaristan area in Malegaon after Shab-e-Barat prayers killed 37 people and injured over 100. In December, 2006, Maharashtra ATS charge sheeted nine Muslim men in the case.However, a public outcry led the state government to transfer the case to the CBI that toed the ATS line in its first supplementary charge sheet to the case.A new perspective to the case emerged in November, 2010, when CBI arrested Naba Kumar Sarkar alias Swami Aseemanand from an ashram in Haridwar. Aseemanand revealed during interrogation that it was his group that was behind several blasts including Samjhauta, Ajmer Dargah, Mecca Masjid (Hyderabad) and Malegaon (in 2006 and 2008). Following this, the government transferred the 2006 Malegaon case from the CBI to the NIA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17806941", "title": "'Baby' hitmaker plays babysitter", "text": "Singer Justin Bieber turned babysitter when he agreed to look after basketball player Chris Paul's three-year-old son.The 18-year-old \"Baby\" hitmaker was spotted courtside at the Staples Center here with the baby as Paul's team took on the Boston Celtics, reports contactmusic.com.\"Justin appeared to be more than happy to hang out with young Chris. The pair were smiling, giggling and playing - and cheering on dad's team as they crushed the Celtics 106-77,\" said an eyewitness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17802883", "title": "Drive for Vitamin A dose to kids begins", "text": "PATNA: The statewide campaign to give the second oral dose of Vitamin A to children between nine months and five years began on Friday.Inaugurating the campaign at Gardiner Road hospital here, health minister Ashwini Choubey said, \"In order to improve the health indicators of the state and fulfil the goals of National Rural Health Mission, the dose of Vitamin-A is given.\"Requesting all the guardians to take their children to government health centres, Choubey said deficiency of Vitamin-A is the cause of 16% diseases in children. The lack of Vitamin-A causes blindness and other ophthalmic diseases. It also decreases immunity that makes children prone to diseases like diarrhoea and pneumonia.The second dose would be given to over 1 crore targeted children in two rounds. The first round, which will end on December 31, would cover 27 districts. All primary health centres, additional primary health centres, health sub-centres and aanganwadi centres would give the dose on the first and third day of the programme. The outreach programme would be conducted on the second and fourth day of the programme when health workers would move from door-to-door. The remaining districts would be covered in the second round to be conducted in January. The coverage of the campaign for the first dose of Vitamin-A in August was 93%.Tobacco workshop: A district-level workshop for the block-level officials of Patna district on effective implementation of tobacco control law, COTPA, was organized here on Friday by a civil society group, SEEDS, in collaboration with district tobacco control cell, to sensitize medical officers of PHCs, block health managers, officials of food safety department and education department about the law.The consultant of state tobacco control cell, Mohd. Masood Alam, informed the participants how they could issue challans to violators of the law. He also highlighted the role of multi-sectoral approach to bring down tobacco consumption in the state, where every second person consumes it in one form or the other. The workshop was inaugurated by the district nodal officer, Dr Rajneesh Chaudhary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17800814", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation to oppose implementation of local body tax", "text": "NAGPUR: All political parties, other than Congress and NCP, in the Nagpur Municipal Corporation have decided to oppose state government's decision to abolish octroi and replace it with local body tax (LBT). They said that the government should go ahead with the decision only after ensuring NMC's financial stability, as octroi is a major source of revenue for the civic body.In a meeting convened on Friday by mayor Anil Sole, the party leaders and corporators of Shiv Sena , MNS, RPI (A), Muslim League, BRM, unanimously decided to oppose the implementation of LBT. Leader of opposition and Congress corporator Vikas Thakre and NCP corporator Dyaneshwar Pethe were not present in the meeting.Sole claimed that mayors from various municipal corporations during the mayors' conference on December 22 had highlighted how many municipal corporations, where octroi had been replaced by LBT, were facing severe financial crisis. He said that Nasik, Sangli and Kolhapur municipal corporations have already approached court against the implementation of LBT.LBT has completely ruined the financial stability of Amravati Municipal Corporation, pointed out the corporators. \"The situation is thus that AMC has been unable to pay the salaries of its employees for the last four months,\" Sole claimed.\"NMC is heavily dependent on octroi revenue. The state government has to ensure that the development of the city is not affected because of revenue paucity. LBT should match the revenue obtained from octroi, only then it will be feasible\" said Sole. He added that BJP-ruled NMC is not opposed to the abolition of octroi, but the state should table comprehensive plan for an alternate source of revenue.In the meeting, senior BJP corporator Sandip Joshi explained that LBT is based on overall turnover of traders. Octroi is a tax levied on the entry of goods into the city, while local body tax is a lump-sum amount charged on the value of the goods. Octroi is collected in cash on a daily basis, the LBT is payable within 40 days of bringing goods into the city. In fact, recovery of LBT will be depend upon the registration of traders.To a query mayor said that if the state government decides to abolish octroi, NMC would prefer taking a monthly grant from the state. \"If the state government still goes ahead with the implementation of LBT, then NMC will approach the court,\" warned the mayor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17801258", "title": "Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission announces charges for power utility services", "text": "MUMBAI: The application and processing charges for power consumers in the city for services such as-new connection, reduction or addition of power load, shifting or extension of services, change in tariff category or facilitation of temporary connection-would be Rs 50 for a single phase connection and Rs 75 for a three-phase connection.The Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC) on Friday announced one-time charges for consumers of power utilities in Mumbai-Reliance Infrastructure, Tata Power and BEST. Except for differences in meter charges and service connections for multiple-phase low and high-tension categories of consumers, majority of the one-time charges are similar for consumers of all three utilities.Fuse repair and re-installation of meter would cost Rs 100 and Rs 300 respectively for RInfra consumers. In case of dishonoured cheques, the fine would be Rs 250 for the consumers of BEST, TPC and RInfra. Visiting charges range from Rs 50 to Rs 200 while meter testing at site and laboratory would cost between Rs 100 and Rs 750, depending upon the category of consumers. Charges for statement of account and duplicate bills would range between Rs 2 and Rs 25.For open access connections, the one-time and monthly charges have been fixed at Rs 2,500.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17802394", "title": "A dramatic performance in your courtyard", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Malabar's age-old tradition of drama enactments in courtyards is on a revival path with a group of dramatists presenting the play 'Narayanettan Mounavrathathilanu' in select houses in the city on Friday. The play emphasizes unity among neighbours and family members in the backdrop of the Delhi gang rape case.\"Until a few years ago, everyone family would participate in various cultural events on Thiruvathira nights. We came up with this idea as it would help residents to know more about their history and culture,\" said dramatist Vijayan V Nair.\"We are trying to reintroduce drama, which was considered a medium to connect with the common man, and we aim to get their support and make them a part of the play. We do not require a stage or technical support. We just involve the viewers in the play and its setting,\" said Nair.The seven-minute play questions the efficiency of the government and political parties even after 65 years of independence. It raises the idea of women empowerment and exhorts the masses to support this cause to prevent assault and rape cases.It is a different version of the play 'Adukkalayil Ninnu Arangathekku', said Vijayan Nair, who plays the role of Narayanettan, a freedom fighter. \"Being a father of two daughters, I know how a parent feels,\" he said, adding that the group was planning to develop it into a one-hour play that will be staged in various localities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17802490", "title": "Understanding among riparian countries must: Tarun Gogoi", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Assam government on Friday pressed the Centre to take urgent measures to build international cooperation with neighbouring countries to avoid circumstances that could be detrimental to the sustainability of the Brahmaputra River.Chief minister Tarun Gogoi stressed on the need of sharing information with the basin countries of the river in mutual interest during the 6th meeting of National Water Resources Council in New Delhi.\"The Brahmaputra is an international river with its basin in countries like China, India, Bhutan and Bangladesh. In order to maintain the flow of water in this river to sustain the environment and water balance in the northeast, there is a need to arrive at an understanding with all the riparian countries,\" said Gogoi.Gogoi, while endorsing the idea of hydel projects to meet the growing demand of electricity in the country, also stressed on the need of protecting the interests of all the riparian states in dealing with such schemes.\"Such schemes have deep and extensive downstream impact and it needs to be studied thoroughly and mitigated properly. While deciding on any project involving the use of multi-state river waters, all the riparian states are consulted while assessing the impact on the environment, rehabilitation measures, agriculture, aquatic life, flora and fauna and others,\" he said.\"At the same time, this should also be suitably reflected in the allocation of free and priced electricity to the states affected. Special financial assistance packages should be provided to the affected states for agreed measures to mitigate the impact of such hydroelectric schemes,\" Gogoi added.Citing the urgent need to deal with flood and erosion in the state, Gogoi further recommended the Centre to include erosion as a natural disaster qualifying for assistance under the National Disaster Relief Fund.\"Nearly 8,000 hectares of land are lost in erosion every year and since 1954, an estimated 4.2 lakh hectares of land has been lost. In addition to destruction of habitat and economic loss, erosion results in involuntary migrations, conflicts over land and social tensions. There is special requirement for river training, land reclamation, channel guidance and river bank stabilization schemes. Detailed and scientific studies into the nature of river flows and its impact on erosion should also be done,\" he said.Gogoi suggested the 'Draft National Water Policy, 2012' to include the need of ensuring regional flood early warning systems and adoption of flood moderation measures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17802587", "title": "Old Hyderabad has to fend off narrow politics", "text": "Change is constant and Old City is no exception to it. In the past five years, the changes that have taken place here have been a mix of both positives and negatives. If the positives are sustained through conscious efforts, they have the potential to provide a fine life for people living in these quarters of Hyderabad. And if the negatives are not checked now, they could push it into further depths of backwardness.One marked change in the past five years has been that of visible and loud celebrations of festivals. In fact, religious events that were observed in the past on a lower scale, mostly at homes or in localities, are now being celebrated with a new found fervour. These events emerging from one or two corners of the city are taking into their fold newer, bigger areas. The key element behind these events seem to be the unrestrained desire or need to display how strong one's allegiance is to his or her faith. Adding to this is the role of politicians who seem to be eager to organize and participate in such events and mobilize larger number of people. In the process, the predominantly religious components of piety are overtaken by worldly desires of control and power.Thankfully so far, these festivities, barring on a couple of occasions, have remained peaceful. Only time can tell if such in-your-face celebrations would turn into a catalyst for major trouble in future. But there is hope that like Muharram and Ganesh processions, the new rallies would be accepted as part of religious-cultural life of the city free from apprehensions of disturbances and violence.On a positive note, there has been a decline in frequency and magnitude of communal violence in the Old City. A closer look of the developments reveals that the people living in the walled quarters are refusing to become involved in sectarian and communal trouble in spite of provocation and instigation.Starting from the bomb blast in Mecca Masjid in 2007 there have been no 'major' conflagrations wherein the communities fought pitched battles or indulged in large scale arson and killings. In the masjid blast nine worshippers were killed, and five others killed in the police firing following the explosion in the mosque. This was clearly seen by people as a terrorist attack and they did not indulge in any communal violence. They also showed tremendous restraint when within three months of the mosque explosion, the terrorists struck again, this time at crowded public places like Lumbini Park and Gokul Chaat Bhandar. This deadlier attack had claimed about 45 lives.In 2010 when an altercation over removal of flags near a place of worship in Musa Bowli began to take shape of a riot, it was believed that it would be difficult to bring the situation under control. Three people were killed in a span of one week at different places and numerous places of worships belonging to both the communities were targetted. However, the violence and arson did not continue for long. The police came down heavily and clamped curfew in several parts of the city.In 2011 following Bakrid several persons from the minority community were attacked in various parts of the city. Police swooped in and arrested six persons and the year ended peacefully with no retaliations or counter retaliation.The year 2012 had witnessed two major provocations. One was related to the assault on the people bringing in cattle for sacrifice and the other, an attempt to expand a temple abutting Charminar. Both incidents did not succeed in bringing people on the streets to fight each other.There are several reasons for the calm and restraint that are being shown by the people. All communities have begun to see through the politics behind such instigated incidents and the problems that the common man has been facing due to these communal confrontations.Would this trend hold and grow? Maybe yes; because the people are becoming more realistic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "17802856", "title": "Seminar to commemorate Rabindranath Tagore's 150th anniversary", "text": "JODHPUR: Film Society of Jodhpur is going to organize a two-day seminar on Rabindranath Tagore's literature and thoughts to commemorate the 150th anniversary of the bard on December 29-30 in collaboration with the Rajasthan Sahitya Academy.The seminar will be followed by cinematic interpretation of Tagore's works in which films based on his stories and novels will be screened in January. These films include Ghare Baire, Teen Kanya, Hungry Stones and Chaar Adhyay made by renowned movie directors Satyajit Ray , Tapan Sinha and Kumar Sahni.Secretary of the Jodhpur Film Society M S Maheshwari said the films will focus on the relationship between literature and cinema of Tagore. Eminent film-maker and scholar Kumar Sahni, theatre person and chairperson of Rajasthan Sangeet Natak Academy Arjun Dev Charan, noted Urdu poet Sheen Kaaf Nizam and professor of Department of Comparative Literature ( Delhi University ) Rimli Bhattacharya.The seminar 'Rabindranath Tagore: Thoughts and Literature' will have three sessions on the first day and two sessions on the second day. Films will be screened in January at the Town Hall art gallery.Maheshwari said this is a tribute to the legendry scholar and artist from the film society and Sahitya Academy.nd day, whereas the films will be screened in January in the Art Gallery of Town Hall. Maheshwari said that this is a tribute to the legendry scholar and artist from the film society and sahitya academy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17803231", "title": "King George's Medical University doctors set up help desk for OPD patients", "text": "LUCKNOW: Doctors at the King George's Medical University have set up a patient help desk. Located near the hospital entrance, the centre will primarily work to help patients and attendants navigate the hospital campus and services. \"We normally see patients and attendants wasting time and energy in searching for the pathology or blood bank, our volunteers would help them,\" said Dr Naim Ahmed, secretary of the charitable society, which is helping the medical university to start the facility.He added that the desk would help illiterate patients from poor category complete the paper work needed for free medical help. He said that the desk would continue to work during OPD timings (8.00 am to 4.00 pm) to begin with. And, if it gets a good response, the society would work to make it a round-the-clock activity. The desk has come up despite the medical university having a full-fledged public relations office with 10 public relations officers (PROs).When asked to comment over the need for the help desk, medical university officials said that the burden of patients reporting at their hospitals is too high. Then, the PROs have many more responsibilities. This at times, leaves the patient in the lurch. The help desk will therefore come handy to the patients.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17801500", "title": "Rs 3,800 cr land scam unearthed in Noida", "text": "NOIDA: Another scam related to allotment of land to private companies and individuals has been unearthed in Noida. The Noida Authority has revealed that the Rs 3,800 crore scam took place in 2011 during the erstwhile BSP government wherein around 3.81 lakh square metres land was leased to three private companies and 'favoured individuals'.An inquiry into the matter began in June after the regime change in the state. While a Naib Tehsildar has been removed, the Authority CEO Sanjeev Saran has recommended suspension of a PCS officer currently posted as additional district magistrate (land) in Noida. An FIR may soon be lodged against the accused officers.The inquiry has revealed that the PCS officer Harish Chandar, who was then posted as secretary, Ajay Shrivastav (Tehsildar), and Manoj Kumar Singh (Naib Tahsildar) had allegedly allotted 3,81,527 square metres of developed prime land along the expressway in Sectors 140A, 141, 142 and 143 violating all laid down norms.The Noida Authority has removed Manoj Kumar Singh from his post while Ajay Shrivastav had been sacked earlier. TOI has a copy of the letter written to UP principal secretary (appointment) Rajeev Kumar recommending sacking of PCS officer Harish Chandar. The land was allotted at a marginal rate of Rs 11,000 per square metre even though the prevailing market rates were as much as Rs 1 lakh per square metre, said officials.The land has been allotted to the three private companies and a dozen ineligible individuals under the guise of regularizing Abadi land dispute among farmers in Sehadra village along the expressway.Officials said that in the case of Abadi land regularization, Noida Authority only has the power to leaseback a plot to a villager if he was in possession of it and was an original resident of the village. \"The officials blatantly violated these norms and got lease deeds done to ineligible people and private companies, which otherwise cannot be done through legal means,\" said Vijay Kumar Yadav, deputy CEO, Noida Authority.\"The officials had used the farmer unrest of 2011 as an excuse and stated that if they did not leaseback the land, violence would break out,\" said an official. The inquiry has also revealed that the accused officers had also managed to fool a high-level committee headed by the DM and the SSP, that exclusively takes care of Abadi land issues, by not revealing the specific area of the land allotted in the scam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17802927", "title": "Illegal sand mafia ransack Morena police station", "text": "BHOPAL: Infuriated by the police action against illegal sand miners in Morena, a mob targeted the Sarai Chola police station on Friday.Earlier, the police had seized tractor-trolleys involved in illegal transportation of sand.The mob comprising dozens of persons hailing from Bandha village, set on fire two vehicles parked in the police station besides forcibly taking away the seized trolleys. They also blocked the national highway (NH-3) and kept two sub-inspectors hostage in a temple for around five hours.The official vehicle of superintendent of police (SP), A Jaidevan, was also damaged in the melee.After the incident, there was a clash between police and the villagers. With the latter refusing to budge and pelting stones at police, the situation took a serious turn. Policemen lobbed tear gas shells and fired several rounds in the air to bring the situation under control.The villagers also allegedly fired on the police team. This, despite the fact, that all legal fire arms have been deposited with the police station following mandi elections.The incident occurred when policemen who suspected illegal sand mining from Chambal River seized the tractor trolleys carrying sand to police station. Infuriated mob then entered and ransacked the police station.Senior officers were keeping a tab on the situation. Extra police personnel were rushed to control the situation. This incident took place around 35 km from the spot, where young IPS officer Narendra Kumar - got killed in an effort to stop a tractor trolley ferrying illegally mined stones on March 8, this year.Director general of police (DGP) Nandan Dubey said that, additional force has been dispatched to nab accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17805898", "title": "My actors are my acting consultants: Subu", "text": "In the upcoming Tamil dark comedy \"Sutta Kadhai\", two theatre artists are playing the lead and debutant director Subu says they are his acting consultants. Lakshmi Priya and Venky, who work with Chennai-based theatre groups Evam and Stray Factory, respectively, play key roles in the movie.\"Lakshmi Priya and Venky, theatre artists, are of great help with regards to handling the expressions and emotions of other artists (in the film). They are my acting consultants because they help in expressing exactly what I want to communicate with the rest of the cast,\" said Subu.The film, set in an imaginary hill station, revolves around the mess up created by two cops, played by Balaji and Venky. It is said that the story is set in an imaginary hill station and tracks events leading up to the mess created by two cops. The rest of the story revolves around how these two cops clear the mess with the help of the female protagonist. The two cops are ardent fans of a comic book author and that character plays an important role in the film.The film, which has music by Harish Harz and Prashanth popularly known by their stage name \"Madley Blues\", is produced by Ravindar Chandrasekaran under the banner Libra Productions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17802392", "title": "Tax official gets 2-year rigorous imprisonment for taking bribe", "text": "COIMBATORE: A CBI court here on Friday sentenced a superintendent of Central Excise and Service Tax for two years rigorous imprisonment and imposed a fine of Rs 10,000 for taking bribe to issue a Service Tax registration certificate.A Sukumar was a superintendent in the office of deputy commissioner of Central Excise and Service Tax, Coimbatore - I division. D Senthil Kumar, who owned a firm in the name of Vivekanantha Job Solutions in the city, had approached a bank for loan to run his business. But the bank officials asked him to get a service tax registration certificate from Central Excise and Service Tax office in Coimbatore. Sukumar demanded a bribe of Rs 1,000 from Senthil Kumar for issuing the certificate in December 2008.The complainant Senthil informed the sleuths of CBI and they set a trap. Sukumar was caught red handed while accepting bribe from Senthil and he was sent to Coimbatore Central Prison. He was suspended from his service and he was later released on bail.out from the prison under bail.He was booked under section 7 and sec 13(2) r/w 13(1)(d) of Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988.After investigation, the CBI filed its final report before the additional district judge and special judge for CBI cases. The CBI court judge H Joseph David sentenced him for two years rigorous imprisonment and imposed a fine of Rs 10,000.Sukumar paid the fine amount immediately before the court and he was granted bail immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "17800847", "title": "Ballarpur Mine may be closed for six months", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Speculations are rife that Ballarpur Colliery underground mine sealed due to spread of fire would remain closed for at least for six months. The sealed mine is going to be flooded with underground water over the period of time and machinery and electronic equipment worth over Rs 10 crore would be damaged due to deluge.CGM, Ballarpur area, Raju Das however refused to guess the period for which the mine would remain closed and maintained that mine would be revived as soon as possible. \"We are going to monitor the situation inside the mine by taking samples time to time from surface. It would not be appropriate to fix the time frame for revival of mine. We are however optimistic of early revival,\" he said.\"The mine would be filled with water from underground water sources during the period of closure. We however have several pumps installed inside the mine, which will help in removal of water on revival of mine,\" he said.He said that four LSD and three SDL machines (both used for loading coal) along with other electronic material collectively worth crores of rupees have been buried inside the closed mine. \"These machines will also be downed due to deluge in the mine. However they also can be recovered and reutilized later,\" he said.Meanwhile WCL union leaders have reasserted the charges of negligence on mine management and demanded an inquiry into the matter. General Secretary, Bhartiya Majdoor Sangh, Wardha valley sector, TM Charpe charged the mine management of risking the life of 800 miners by continuing the excavation operation in mine in three shifts on Tuesday.Das however rebuffed the allegations and claimed that every possible step was taken to control the fire.Meanwhile, 60 families have been evacuated from the slum adjoining the exhaust fan of the mine and shifted to temporary camps prepared by WCL. Evacuation process was started on Thursday evening as poisonous gases pumped out by exhaust fan from the mine could have proved hazardous for those living in its vicinity. \"All the arrangements have been made for the evacuated families in the camps with the help of civic administration. They would have to bear only till Saturday and then they can return home,\" Das said.\"Miners had complained of rising heat and carbon monoxide (CO) level in the mine on Monday. Still the mine management continued mining operations in three shifts on Tuesday risking the life of the miners. Only after CO level reached to alarming state, the miners were evacuated late in the night of Tuesday,\" he alleged.He claimed that the mine has tele-monitoring system for CO levels. CO level up 20 PPM is normal and any rise up to 50 PPM is alarming. \"The CO emitting from burning coal in the mine had reached up to dangerous level of 200 PPM by midnight of Tuesday, only after which miners were asked to step out. Management was inclined on dousing the fire with the help of water instead of sealing the dangerous area to cut the oxygen supply. Only after situation went out of control they initiated sealing operation, which also eventually proved futile,\" Charpe charged.Das however rebuffed the allegations and claimed that every possible step was taken to control the fire. \"Gravity of situation came to notice of the management through tele-monitoring system on Tuesday and preventive measures were immediately. Both measures of dousing the fire with water pipes and sealing of the area were initiated simultaneously. Only after situation went out of control, decision of sealing of mine was taken,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17803228", "title": "Activists seek trained staff to tackle assault", "text": "LUCKNOW: The women groups blame the \"gender insensitive\" police for inept handling of sexual assault cases. Suggesting a remedy, they say the government should curb the powers given to police and instead allow mahila thanas (women police stations) with trained staff to deal with such incidents. Further, every complaint should be registered. The police should register FIRs on complaints of sexual assault under Section 376 of IPC which prescribes at least seven years imprisonment for rape.These were among the views expressed by the women activists during a discussion on \"How to amend laws on sexual violence\", organized in the city on Friday. The views would be summarised and sent to Justice JS Verma committee which has invited public inputs till January 5 on \"possible amendments to the criminal law for faster trial and proper punishment for criminals accused of committing sexual assault of extreme nature against women\". Submissions can be sent by email on: justice.verma@nic.in.Activists said the rate of conviction is low in such cases because majority of the incidents are not registered. They alleged that police dilute the case and register complaints under other sections of IPC which do not award stringent punishment.The women's groups demanded that victims should not be subjected to objectionable questions as that dissuade them from lodging complaints. The trained personnel should be roped in so that victims can narrate the incidents to them. The government doctors who conduct medical examination to confirm \"sexual assault\" on the victims are also not trained in the process. \"They won't even touch the victim but look for bruises and injuries on their hands and feet, and if they don't see injury marks on the victim's body they say she didn't suffer sexual assault,\" said activist Arundhati Dhuru.If injury marks are not spotted, the examiners say that the victim did not oppose and that shows her consent in the crime, said Dhuru. The victim of sexual assault, on several occasions, might not have easily-visible outward injury marks on her. Recording statements is also a harrowing process for a victim. Women demanded in-camera proceedings and speedy trail in fast track courts to reduce the ordeal of the victims. The demand was also raised to widen the definition of rape so that stringent punishment could be meted out in case of sexual assault against children, transgender and other communities. The women's groups decried the provision of death penalty for rapists saying violence should not beget violence.Women said that sexual assault, in certain cases, is a cruelty sustained over a period of time. The law should provide stringent punishment in such cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17802907", "title": "Praful Patel hails Narendra Modi, taunts Congress", "text": "MUMBAI: The NCP seems to be continuing with its unstated policy of not letting go of any occasion of needling its senior partner at the Centre as well as in the state.Union heavy industries minister Praful Patel , known to enjoy NCP chief and Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar's ear, on Friday did the unthinkable by pouring unstinted praise on the man the Congress loves to hate, Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi .The NCP inaugurated its renovated party office in Mumbai at the city's central business district in Nariman Point on Friday. A bevy of leaders spoke at the function after Pawar formally threw open the air-conditioned, ground-floor structure. But it was left to Patel, one of the main speakers at the function, to say what would not be music to the Congress's ears.\"Modi has been delivering and people have reposed their faith in him,\" Patel said. \"That is why he has become the CM again,\" he added.The Congress, during a bitter fight for Gujarat that ended in a clear victory for Modi, attacked his development model. A large part of the downtrodden and rural population had been left out of this \"development\", went the Congress campaign.Patel did not stop at tearing apart the Congress offensive against Modi. He went further, alleging the Congress had betrayed the NCP. \"The Congress insisted on fielding candidates everywhere we wanted to field our candidates,\" he said, trying to explain his bitterness.The NCP is the junior partner in the Maharashtra government and has Patel and Pawar as senior ministers in the UPA government at the Centre. But it has had a history of taking potshots at the Congress. Patel, apparently with Pawar's blessings, said in July that the Congress was not taking the NCP into confidence while taking key policy decisions; the party, at the time, said it was contemplating withdrawing from the UPA government.More recently, state deputy CM and the senior Pawar's nephew, Ajit Pawar, said the NCP would not allow the entry of FDI in retail in Maharashtra without thrashing out the issue properly. The two parties have been at loggerheads also because of the various graft allegations against key state NCP ministers like Ajit Pawar and Sunil Tatkare.Patel did not stop at tearing apart the Congress offensive against Modi. He went further, alleging that the Congress had betrayed the NCP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17803123", "title": "Jaya warns PM against setting up of NCTC through back door", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after walking out of the NDC meet accusing the Centre of treating CMs as \"school children\", Tamil Nadu CM J Jayalalithaa on Friday cautioned PM Manmohan Singh against setting up of the National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC) through back door. The home ministry, which is the prime mover of the anti-terror body, however, maintained that it was not rushing through it, and would certainly take into account the states' concerns.Summarily rejecting the concept of the NCTC having operational powers of arrest, search and seizure in terror-related cases anywhere in the country, Jayalalithaa wrote a letter to the PM questioning him the justification for renewed move to set up the central anti-terror body when several CMs were still opposed to it.Though Jayalalithaa in her letter to the PM only reiterated her previous stand against the NCTC, the timing of flagging up the issue indicates upping the ante on her anti-Congress and anti-Centre stand.Expanding on her Thursday's remarks after walking out of the NDC meet when she alleged that the Centre's \"arrogance and intolerance\" had grown to \"exceedingly extreme limit\", the TN chief minister said any move on the anti-terror body was \"yet another instance of Centre falling in its own commitment to consult states before taking a decision on the NCTC\".She said, \"It is akin to the treatment meted out to me at the NDC on Thursday\". The AIADMK supremo referred to \"reliable sources\", while pointing out that the home ministry has again made a bid to set up the anti-terror body.Officials in the home ministry said that there was no progress in this ever since Sushilkumar Shinde has become the home minister as he first wanted to consult all the CMs individually before giving his nod for its operationalization.The ministry, which had issued NCTC's notification in February, put its operationalization on hold after almost all the non-Congress CMs objected to the anti-terror body in May. The CMs had said the central body with such powers will hurt the federal structure of the country. Some of the CMs had also objected to the move of keeping NCTC under the Intelligence Bureau (IB).Later, the ministry had tried to push it by keeping the central anti-terror body out of the ambit of the IB in July. It also re-phrased certain 'words' used in the original notification regarding its powers (arrest, search and seizures) given to the body, clarifying that the mandate, including conduct of operations, would be used only when there is an urgency under extraordinary circumstances.Jayalalithaa in her letter said that the action in the form of counter-terrorist operations was better left to the state police to perform. She emphasized that the present system of a Multi-Agency Centre (MAC) in Delhi interacting with the subsidiary MACs at the level of states was considered to be working well.The TN CM suggested that a Rapid Action Counter-Terrorist Force should be created in every state to function under the nodal state agency with liberal central funds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17802937", "title": "Cop killers identified, hunt on", "text": "JAIPUR: The two criminals who shot dead a constable and a head constable in Jhunjhunu's Malsisar area were former aides of Bhiwani resident Pawan Sharma whose body was found in their car. They worked as Sharma's drivers.Police said they were carrying a shovel with them on Thursday to dig a pit at an isolated place near Bajla village and dispose Sharma's body after they shot him dead with his own revolver. The duo used the same weapon to kill policemen Bajrang Lal and Ompraksh Yadav.Police also said vital clues have come up about their whereabouts and teams are raiding several places in Haryana and Rajasthan.Police have come to know that the duo was with Sharma for the past three days. Sharma had left for Delhi with the duo and informed his family members that they were going to execute a property deal.IG, Jaipur range, Saurabh Srivastava, told TOI that the duo identified as Amit Kumar and Ajit Kumar are residents of Bhiwani area in Haryana.\"Pawan Sharma, whose body was found in the car of the two criminals, ran three restaurant-cum bars in Haryana. Amit was working as Sharma's close aide-cum-driver, while Ajit did the same job for Sharma till a couple of years ago,\" said the officer.He added that the police are looking into some theories which could reveal the motive behind Sharma's murder. \"It is possible that Pawan was carrying cash for the properly deal and the duo killed him for the money. The murder could have happened over some brawl during their visit to Delhi. Some old dispute between Pawan and Amit's uncle has also come up during preliminary investigation. We are looking into all these possibilities,\" said the officer.IG Srivastava said the police found an arms license with Pawan's dead body. \"Pawan had the license to carry a revolver. It seems that the same revolver was used to murder him as well as the two policemen. The duo was carrying a shovel with them since Thursday morning. However, it seems that wherever they tried to bury the body they bumped into some villagers,\" said the officer. The officer added that a massive hunt is on for the two criminals.Commercial establishments in Malsisar and Alasisar towns in Jhunjhunu remained closed in protest of the incident.The family members of Bajrang Lal at first refused to accept the body after postmortem.Some residents of Bajla village called up the Malsisar police station informing the cops about two men who were wandering around asking for a deserted place in the region on Thursday. A team from Malsisar police station rounded up the two men, however when the jeep reached the Malsisar petrol pump, one of the criminals took out a gun and fired at Bajrang Lal and Omprakash. Both sustained bullet injuries on their necks and died on the spot. The police later found Sharma's body inside the car which the duo was driving.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17803446", "title": "Lack of respect for women is the real reason", "text": "The deterioration in Nirbhaya's condition will heighten our anguish and intensify our anger against the crime. This makes it all the more important for all of us to focus now on the real reason behind Nirbhaya's agony \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the lack of respect for women in our patriarchal society. Instead of venting our anger in mindless violence, let us seize the moment to make a collective pledge to treat all women with respect and to demand the same from others. Let us swear that we will fight discrimination against them at home and the workplace. Let us resolve to intervene when we see a woman being harassed by word or deed and to ensure that complaints are lodged and acted upon. It will be a long and demanding fight within ourselves and with the world outside, but it will be one that genuinely honours the Fearless One.Related story : Nirbhaya's condition worsens, signs of multi-organ failure", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17801430", "title": "Thatcher felt Argentina's Falkland invasion was 'stupid thing to do'", "text": "LONDON: Former UK PM Margaret Thatcher was surprised by the invasion of the Falkland Islands by Argentina in 1982, which she thought was a \"stupid thing to do\".According to newly released government papers, the then British prime minister only saw it was likely after getting \"raw intelligence\" two days before the Argentines landed. The papers released under the 30-year rule show Thatcher was acutely worried about retaking the islands, BBC News reported.In October 1982, a few months after the war ended, Thatcher gave evidence behind closed doors to the Falkland Islands Review Committee, chaired by Lord Franks.The transcript of dramatic testimony has been published for the first time.\"I never, never expected the Argentines to invade the Falklands head-on. It was such a stupid thing to do, as events happened, such a stupid thing even to contemplate doing\", Thatcher told the Franks Committee. There had been some British contingency planning in the month before the Argentine invasion of the Falklands.The then ministry of defence officials came back to Thatcher on March 26 1982 with a plan to deter a full-scale invasion. One sentence shocked her, and she wrote it in her diary: \"Moreover, if faced with Argentine occupation on arrival there would be no certainty that such a force would be able to retake the dependency.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "17802061", "title": "Malda gears up for bypolls", "text": "MALDA: The biting cold has failed to dampen the political atmosphere in Malda. The district, known to be a Congress bastion, had faced a jolt when Krishnendu Choudhury resigned as English Bazaar MLA and joined the Trinamool Congress.With the state tourism minister's seat falling vacant, political parties are gearing up for the bypolls which may be held in January next year.While the Trinamool has already started campaigning for Krishnendu, Congress and CPM are picking up candidates to give him a tough competition.Though Congress hasn't made any formal announcement, party sources said former chairman English Bazaar Municipality, Narendra Nath Tiwari, is in the fray. The party is going all out to avenge Choudhury's switch.Congress MLA Sabina Yeasmin said, \"This time Congress supporters are doubly charged. They are out to teach a lesson to the traitor who deserted us just to become a minister in the Trinamool government.\"District president and Union minister Abu Hasem Khan Choudhury (Dalu) said, \"We have to prove that Malda has no room for Trinamool. It is the stronghold of Congress.\"Krishnendu sounded confident: \"People of Malda are fed up with Congress inactive MPs. They want to be part of the development taken up by the Mamata Bannerjee government. That is why they will support my cause.\"The Left Front is yet to pick its candidate, but names of young leaders like Akram Hossain and Koushik Mishra are doing the rounds. CPM leader Dulal Chaki said, \"The candidate is not important. We have to convince people that this election is imposed upon them to satisfy one's personal ambition.\"The corrected voters' list will be published by the first week of January. Besides Malda, the Nalhati seat of Birbhum is also vacant.An Election Commission official said, \"The by-elections may be clubbed.\"Krishnendu Choudhury resigned from the Congress and joined the Trinamool Congress as tourism minister, his English Bazar seat has fallen vacant.Amid the biting cold, Malda is gearing up for assembly by-election. Trinamool Congress has already started the campaign with wall writing in the name of Krishnendu Choudhury. Congress too is gearing up for election. For both Congress and TMC English Bazaar has been a prestige fight. If for the former this is the battle to regain its strong turf and 'teach the lesson to traitor', for the latter it is to break the myth. Left Front too eyes to make dent between the fight of Congress and TMC.It may be recalled that following the resignation of Krishnendu from MLA post to join Trinamool Congress and eventually becoming Minister in Charge of Tourism, the by-election was imperative in English Bazaar within six months. Congress has chosen former Chairman of English Bazaar Municipality Narendra Nath Tiwari as its candidate. District President cum Union Minister of State for Health and Family Planning Abu Hasem Khan Choudhury (Dalu) hinted of it. However, formal announcement would be made on 1st January. But the sentiment is strong among the Congress leaders. Sabina Yeasmin, Congress MLA said, \"This time Congress people are doubly charged. They are out to teach the traitor a lesson who has deserted us just to become a minister in TMC govt.\" Dalu too said, \"We have to prove that Malda has no room for TMC; it is Congress bastion. Even if I fight election without Congress symbol, I'll lose.\"On the other hand Krishnendu said, \"People of Malda are fed up with Congress inactive MPs. They want to be part of the development of Mamata Bannerjee govt. That is why they will support my cause.\"Left Front is yet to decide its candidate. But the names like young leaders Akram Hossain or Koushik Mishra are round the corner. CPM leader Dulal Chaki said, \"In our party candidate is not important. But we have to convince the people that this election is imposed on them to satisfy one's personal ambition.\"Meanwhile, the by-election in all probability is going to be held in January, as felt. If there is no official confirmation yet, the speculation is particularly high after the checking of Electronic Voting Machines had begun. Corrected voters' list is to be published in the first week of January.However, with the rural poll in the corner the by-election was to be completed before this. Moreover, the assembly seat of Nalhati of Birbhum also remained vacant since Abhijit Mukherjee had resigned to become MLA. To quote an official, \"Election Commission has definite plan to club all the by-elections. In that case English Bazaar and Beldanga might undergo by-election along with Nalhati and election might take place at the end of January.\"The fear of Code of Conduct being introduced for election is also playing in the mind of the people. This might affect even the Book Fair which would have started from 16th January.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17803454", "title": "'Centre indifferent to our stand on Polavaram project'", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Odisha government on Friday lodged a strong protest with the Centre over the manner in which the Andhra Pradesh government was pressing ahead with the controversial Polavaram project on river Godavari notwithstanding its objections and the matter pending before the Supreme Court.Law minister Raghunath Mohanty, deputing for chief minister Naveen Patnaik, told the Prime Minister Manmohan Singh-chaired National Water Council at New Delhi that the central government should have given due respect to Odisha's objections and not given statutory clearances like forest and environment for the Rs 16,000-crore multi-purpose Polavaram project.\"It is sad the Union government has remained silent despite our repeated protests,\" Mohanty told TOI over phone. \"We expressed our resentment to the council about the Polavaram project. If water is national property and the federal spirit is to be respected, the Centre should not discriminate among states,\" he added.The Odisha government has been opposing the project on the ground that it would submerge over 2100 hectare of land having more than 13 tribal villages in Padia block of Maoist-affected Malkangiri district. It has also objected to Andhra not taking it into confidence while finalizing the project and even redesigning it for holding 50 lakh cusec of flood water as against the initial capacity of 35 lakh cusec. It moved the apex court in October, 2007, demanding, among others, stopping construction and canceling the environment clearance granted to the project. Naveen had in July, 2012, urged the Prime Minister to restrain Andhra from going ahead with the project. Andhra CM N Kiran Reddy had suggested bilateral talks, but it is yet to take place.The state government, among others, also pressed for constitution of a special task force for flood control, drainage study and preparation of master plans; more funds for tank renovation, single window clearance for projects under the Accelerated Irrigation Benefit Scheme and parity in allocation of funds to different regions of the country, said secretary, water resources, S Mohapatra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17803566", "title": "Seven crimes against women in past 10 days", "text": "PUNE: Seven incidents of crime against women, which included chain snatching, molestation, kidnapping and suicides, were reported in Pune.Statistics reveal that offences relating to women are on the rise. As many as 443 chain snatchings were reported till November 30, this year. More such incidents were reported in December. The number of chains and mangalsutras snatched in 2011 were 298, while 231 such crimes were reported in 2010.On Thursday evening, two motorcycle borne thieves snatched a gold necklace worth Rs 1.8 lakh from Manjusha Venkatrao Kulkarni (49) near Kakade park in Chinchwad. Kulkarni, an Aurangabad resident, was walking on the road around 7pm when the suspects came near her and snatched her chain and fled. Kulkarni has registered a complaint again the suspects with at Chinchwad police station.In a similar incident, also at Chinchwad, a gold necklace belonging to 63-year-old Madhuri Kamlakar Kulkarni of Gold Craft housing society in Chinchwad, was snatched at Sridharnagar on Thursday around 6.30pm suspects by using the same modus operandi had snatched a gold chain worth Rs 40,000 of The incident took place at Sridharnagar in Chinchwad on Thursday at around 6.30 pm. Kulkarni has registered a complaint with the Chinchwad police.In another incident, again at Chinchwad on Wednesday, 50-year-old Vijaya Laxman Choudhary of Ashirwad society in Chinchwad fell prey to chain snatchers who were on a motorcycle. The thieves snatched her gold chain worth Rs 2.88 lakh while she was going to Shipra hotel for attending her son's wedding reception around 8.15 pm. Choudhary has registered a complaint with the Nigdi police.Two cases of molestation happened at Shivajinagar and Hadapsar on December 24 and 19, but the incidents were reported later to the police.The Shivajinagar police arrested 29-year-old Sameer Shaikh of Narveer Tanaji Wadi for allegedly outraging the modesty of a 27-year-old woman at Shivajinagar around 1.30 pm on December 24. Shaikh had threatened the victim with dire consequences and had also abused here on her cell phone. Shaikh allegedly abused the victim's husband also when he had called him up.The Hadapsar police arrested Anand Shinde (19) of Vaiduwadi for allegedly molesting a 19-year-old married woman on December 19 around at 11.30 pm. The victim, who was alone at home, had gone to sleep with the lights on when Shinde entered the house and molested the victim.A minor girl was kidnapped from Gultekdi on December 18, but there was a delay in registering the complaint. Swargate police have arrested the suspect Sunny Laxmi Asudeo (21) from Gultekdi for abducting the girl after making false promises. Asudeo was arrested after the victim's father lodged a complaint.The Wanowrie police on Thursday arrested Subhash Jodhiya (30) and his mother Shama Jodhiya (50) from Wanowrie for allegedly abetting the suicide of his wife Sheetal (24). and subjecting her daughter Sheetal to cruelty.Sheetal had allegedly committed suicide by consuming poison as her husband and in-laws had subjected her to severe physical and mental ill-treatment between 2006 and December 12, 2012.In another incident, 55-year-old Sujata Garud (54) of the railway quarters at Tadiwala road allegedly committed suicide by setting herself ablaze on Friday afternoon. The Bund Garden police said that the victim died of 80 per cent burn injuries while undergoing treatment at Sassoon general hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17803662", "title": "Principals to train online for Right to Information", "text": "AURANGABAD: The principals of around 700 schools from the city attended a joint meeting on Thursday for an orientation on uploading information of their respective schools on Zilla Parishad website. As per the norms issued by the government school education department, all the schools have been mandated to submit the information by January 1, under the Right to Information (RTE) Act.The information will serve as a basic online data and can be referred for official work and records available under District Information System for Education (DIES).\"The schools have to upload information on the ZP website as well as their individual schools,\" said, Vaishali Deshpande, marketing analyst at Qual soft system company.The company will provide the software and free training to all principals and teaching as well as non-teaching staff.\"All these members will be given training in phases by January, 10, \"said Deshpande. He added that the aim is to make all the staff members' computer friendly thus progressing towards paperless transactions of administrative work.\"The online information of all the government, private, self-funded and international schools will enable transparency in the administrative work and avoid illegal or any fraudulent activity as well as irregularities of funds in schools, \"said PB Chavan, education officer of school.Chavan said that the recognition of the schools will be withdrawn by the government if any discrepancies are observed with the information published online and the existing facts.The schools have to publish all the information regarding infrastructure facilities such as building, number of available classrooms, playground, number of toilets, provision of drinking water facilities, and total number of teachers as per the guidelines of RTE.\"All the principals and teachers have been instructed to study and understand RTE completely, an exam will be held to assess their knowledge,\" said Wahab Syed, operation manager of the software company.Apart from the ZP website records, all the schools will also have to maintain information on their individual websites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17803042", "title": "Rattled police scurry for answers", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Police is preparing to face the parliamentary committee for home yet again on January 4, when it will have to provide solutions to a number of tough problems. Police chief Neeraj Kumar was questioned by the committee - headed by BJP's M Venkaiah Naidu - on Thursday.Police have been asked several questions about their functioning and they have to inform the committee of ways to work around the problems. The LG's office and the commissioner have cancelled their crime review meetings to ensure Kumar sails through the next round. Officially, though, police said the review meetings were called off as the annual review lies ahead.\"The MPs have asked us 20 questions covering almost every aspect of policing, including shortage of female staff, PCR functioning, delayed forensic reports and registration of crimes against women under mild sections. We are consulting all senior officials to frame our answers,'' said a source.A number of specific questions were reportedly raised by the chief minister's son, Sandeep Dikshit while BJP MP Kalraj Mishra made some suggestions. Dikshit, who had earlier demanded Kumar's ouster, spoke of the disconnect between Delhi Police's leadership and the ranks.The police assessment followed home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde's announcement about recruitment of more women officers at the 160-odd police stations in the capital. \"We have received a very positive response from the home ministry on the recruitment of women officers in the next few months. This was a positive outcome of the discussions with the parliamentary committee,\" said a senior officer.On Friday, police also claimed the first charge sheet in the bus gang rape case is \"almost ready to be filed\". \"We are consulting our legal experts about the tricky issue of a minor's role in the crime. We hope to submit the charge sheet by Tuesday,'' said an officer.A commission of inquiry headed by Justice (retd.) Usha Mehra has requested people to provide any information about the rape and assault that took place on December 16. Information may be mailed to usha.mehracommission@nic.in or faxed to 011-23093750 by January 10.The commission will suggest measures to make Delhi and NCR safer for women. It will submit a report within three months which will be tabled in parliament along with an account of action taken by the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17801496", "title": "Highways sector feels the pinch as contractors look to exit", "text": "NEW DELHI: The highways sector seems to be staring at a big crisis with indications that contractors who bagged major projects quoting high premium might opt out of the projects. Last week GMR, which had bagged the Kishangarh-Udaipur-Ahmedabad (555 km) project quoting Rs 660 crore annual premium, wrote to NHAI about its intention to terminate the contract, within months after it had termed the project to be a \"money minting\" one in the next few years.This particular case and the trend of several top highway builders struggling to tie up funds for their projects are signals of tough times ahead. Though GMR has cited delay in getting environmental clearance for the project to start its expansion as the main reason to walk out of the project, highway ministry sources called this an indication of early \"course correction\" to \"aggressive bidding\" that happened during the last financial year.There were around a dozen projects where almost all bidders quoted high premium (upfront revenue to NHAI that increases by 5% annually) and doubts were raised whether this would be sustainable. At present, about 35 projects are awaiting financial closure.In an emailed reply, GMR said \"material default by NHAI on certain condition precedent\" was the reason for serving notice to NHAI and the contract \"provides for 15-day notice to be given\" to the client. However, NHAI chairman R P Singh said the contractor should have given them 90 days to take corrective steps. \"It has been prematurely administered and we will give a suitable reply,\" he added.Top government officials said GMR's move could have been because of many other reasons including the project's financial viability considering the high premium it offered. Admitting that this was a worrying signal, a ministry official said, \"Award of projects should not be aggressively pursued considering prevailing economic conditions. We should not pursue fragile projects.\"This fresh case is likely to escalate the blame game between NHAI and environment ministry on green clearances. After holding environment clearance as the single major roadblock in highway development, NHAI is likely to approach the Supreme Court.\"NHAI board has approved our proposal to approach the Supreme Court on issues relating to environment clearance. We don't agree with the interpretation of the SC judgment by the environment ministry,\" R P Singh said.NHAI and highways ministry have been pushing the need to delink environment clearance from forest clearance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "bambolin", "code": "17801108", "title": "Hydroclave yet to be commissioned", "text": "BAMBOLIN: Though inaugurated with much fanfare at the hands of chief minister Manohar Parrikar on his birthday on December 13, the hi-tech hydroclave of the Goa medical college and hospital at Bambolim is yet to be commissioned. Sources say the unit has been with the GMC for at least six months now.Medical superintendent, Dr Sunanda Amonkar, who took charge a month ago, said the hydroclave will be commissioned shortly. \"The staff is being trained to handle the machine,\" she said. She was not able to say why the hydroclave has been lying unused for this long.GMC's administration director, Swapnil Naik added, \"The hydroclave will be commissioned on January 3, 2013. The CM had declared on the day of inauguration that it will be fully operational by the end of January 2013.\"The state generates 4,950.90 kg of medical waste per day and most of it is sent to the GMC for treatment and disposal. GMC, in fact, receives the medical waste generated by both district hospitals, the institute of psychiatry and human behavior (IPHP), the T B hospital at St Inez, and private hospitals and clinics in Panaji. The corporation of the city of Panaji (CCP) has a tie-up with GMC for treatment of medical waste generated in the state's capital city.Amonkar said the hydroclave-which sterilizes waste using steam-has the capacity to treat 150kg of waste per cycle with continuous operation. Though similar to an autoclave, a hydroclave completes the task much faster.The Goa state pollution control board (GSPCB) is skeptical about how GMC is dealing with all the biomedical waste it receives. \"It's a big question mark how they are disposing off the waste,\" said a GSPCB official speaking on condition of anonymity.The official said the GMC has not yet sought authorization for commissioning of the hydroclave and is not disposing medical waste as per bio-medical waste management rules. \"Most importantly, waste is not being segregated at the GMC,\" said the official.The board has been chasing the GMC to put a system in place, following a complaint by consumer rights' group Goacan. Roland Martins of Goacan told TOI that the group is currently \"recording evidence\" to pursue their complaint. \"In the first place, GMC has no plans in place to treat medical waste. We are documenting information and will go to the GSPCB and other authorities in January,\" said Martins.At the Mapusa district hospital, acting medical superintendent Dr Shyam Talwadkar said the incinerator at the hospital stopped working shortly after the new hospital was commissioned in October 2011. \"The incinerator was not operated for a long time after it was purchased. The company people will be coming this week to check its viability,\" said Talwadkar. Till that happens the hospital is compelled to send its waste to GMC, he said.Medical emergencyGoa generates 4,950.90 kg of medical waste every dayGMC receives medical waste from both district hospitals, IPHB, T B hospital, and private hospitals and clinics in PanajiUnder biomedical waste management rules all medical waste must be collected, segregated, disinfected and that which cannot be incinerated (like plastic) has to be disposed of in a landfill or sent for recyclingImproperly disposed biomedical waste is hazardous, as it contains dangerous pathogens that can breed in the waste and possibly infect animals that forage through the trash or contaminate the environment, including groundwater and food sourcesOfficial reaction to photo of wastes in St Inez nullahIn the past we have tried to stop people from letting off sewage and plastic into the nullah. The PWD's sewage treatment plant releases waste into the nullah. The same is also done by huts on the banks of the nullah. We have tried to block the pipes releasing sewage into the nullah with concrete, but people soon found means to defeat our move. If our project under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Rural Development Mission (JNNURM) comes through I am sure the nullah will he cleaned and revived. Presently, it is difficult to stop people from releasing waste into the nulllah.--Tony Rodrigues, deputy mayor, corporation of the city of PanajiTimes impactPanchayat notice to Arambol hotels, shacksFollowing locals' complaints about dumping being done along the roads leading to Arambol beach, the village panchayat has issued a notice directing hotel owners against dumping garbage in the open along the roads. Sarpanch Herculana Rodrigues said that as a temporary measure the hoteliers and shack owners have been directed to take care of their own waste. She said the problem is lesser this year but is yet to be eradicated. Arambol produces 1.5 tonnes of garbage a day. \"We have approached the Pernem municipality to treat our garbage. Once their waste treatment plant is commissioned there will be a permanent solution to the garbage problem,\" said Rodrigues.Quotes", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "17803315", "title": "Fear of rape stalks Garhwa women", "text": "GARHWA: Several incidents of rape have been reported from Garhwa in the last few days. While a married woman was sexually assaulted by a villager on Wednesday at Katahar village, a school student was gang-raped by two youths when she was returning from school along with another girl. Two youths forcibly took her into a nearby forest and raped her.Sangita Devi (22), a married woman and daughter of Naresh Thakur, was raped by Vijay Paswan when she was returning from a nearby field late on Wednesday. According to the victim, Paswan forcibly took her to a secluded place and raped her. Villagers caught Paswan when she raised an alarm. They then handed over Paswan to Dhurki police station. \"Police have lodged an FIR against the accused on the basis of the victim's statement,\" said OC Tetru Oraon. On December 25, a schoolgirl Reema Kumari (name changed) was gang-raped when she was returning from school.OC Tetru Oraon said the victim had lodged a complaint with the police station. \"On the basis of her complaint, police arrested one of the accused, Raza Khan, and sent him to jail, while another is still at large,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "dera ismail khan (pakistan)", "code": "17801520", "title": "Pak Taliban boss: Ready for talks, but won't disarm", "text": "DERA ISMAIL KHAN (PAKISTAN): In a video message delivered on Friday, the head of the Pakistani Taliban said his militia is willing to negotiate with the government but not disarm.The release of the 40-minute video follows three high-profile Taliban attacks in Peshawar this month: an attack by multiple suicide bombers on the airport, the killing of a senior politician and eight others in a bombing and the kidnap of 22 paramilitary forces on Thursday.\"We believe in dialogue but it should not be frivolous,\" Hakimullah Mehsud said. \"Asking us to lay down arms is a joke.\"The Taliban said in a letter released on Thursday that they wanted Pakistan to rewrite its laws and constitution to conform with Islamic law, break its alliance with the US and stop interfering in the war in Afghanistan and focus on India instead.Referring to the killing of the senior politician, Mehsud said the largely Pashtun Awami National Party , would continue to be a target along with other politicians. \"We are against the democratic system because it is un-Islamic,\" he said. \"Our war isn't against any party.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "17803020", "title": "Two women held for stealing baby", "text": "AJMER: Dargah police on Friday arrested two women, both sisters, for stealing a 16-day-old boy from his mother.According to police, Shabeena, wife of Saddam , a resident of Ajmer before going to a doctor asked the two women to take care of her baby. When she returned, Shabeena found her son and the two sisters missing. Police arrested duo from Shisha khan region. Both were from Bihar and now settled in Ajmer. A local court sent them to judicial custody.Another case of child stealing incident here made the headlines about three months ago when a kid was stolen from the dargah premises from a woman who came to offer her prayers at the Sufi shrine.According to police, Shabeena, residing at Pani Gram Chowk lodged a complaint of his missing son against the two women. \"I have to go to the doctor late in the evening and I asked Sultana to look after my son\" she said.When she returned, Shabeena found the house of Sultana locked. Shabeena then went to the house of Taju, Sultana's sister. \"We also went to the house of her sister Taju but she was not there. We look for the two sisters everywhere but they were missing along with our boy,\" Shabeena's mother said.Later, they went to the dargah police station late on Thursday night and lodged a complaint. \"My son was only 16 days old and I am worried about his health,\" Shabeena told police, who then launched a search including at the railway station and the bus stand in the night.According to police, both sisters worked as domestic helps in houses of khadims and came here from Bihar and they have no babies. \"Later, we arrested them from the Shisha Khan region where they reside and produce them in court on Friday. The court sent them to judicial custody,\" police said.Meanwhile sources said accused sisters claimed that baby was crying badly after her mother left her and they took him to a woman to find out the reason. They further claimed that they have no intention of stealing the baby. During interrogation, the women said they have no children and wanted to take care for the crying baby.\"There were about five incidents of baby stealing this year and we keep a special vigil on such incidents\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17806980", "title": "Politicians, celebrities mourn Delhi gang-rape victim", "text": "NEW DELHI: President Pranab Mukherjee and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Saturday led the nation in mourning the death of the young woman who was brutally gang-raped and tortured here.Given below are some reactions of politicians and other eminent people:\"She was a brave and courageous girl who fought till the very last minute for her dignity and her life. She is a true hero and symbolises the best in Indian youth and women...The nation will mourn the passing of this brave daughter of India.\" ---- President Pranab Mukherjee\"I want to tell them and the nation that while she may have lost her battle for life, it is up to us all to ensure that her death will not have been in vain. We have already seen the emotions and energies this incident has generated. These are perfectly understandable reactions from a young India and an India that genuinely desires change. It would be a true homage to her memory if we are able to channelise these emotions and energies into a constructive course of action,\" he said in his condolence message\". ----- Prime minister Manmohan Singh\"It is our resolve to fight with all our might and all the powers of our laws and administration for the safety and protection of all women of our country and to ensure swift and fitting punishment for the perpetrators of such brutal acts.\" -- Sonia Gandhi\"Laws should be made very stringent to instill fear and to act as a deterrent. All institutional mechanisms, all steps should be taken to ensure that women are safe.\" --- Lok Sabha Speaker Meira Kumar\"Our heart goes to the family. My heart is burning over the incident. The passing away of the girl is a truly and terribly tragic incident. It shook our conscience.\" ---- Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit\"A real tribute to her will be to ensure maximum punishment to the culprits. I pledge to work to strengthen the laws and ensure that such an incident never gets repeated again.\" ---- Home minister Sushilkumar Shinde\"All our heads must hang in shame today that a young girl has fallen a victim to brutal and beastly behaviour. She has been sacrificed to an environment in which women are not safe. We must now introspect as to how we can improve our laws, our judicial processes and most importantly the consciousness of the citizenry which creates a better environment where women can live with dignity.\" --- Leader of opposition in Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley\"We live in our individual cocoons of comfort and hope something drastic doesn't happen to us that will shatter our little worlds. Today, a major part of our collective soul has died and our voices can only helplessly express our anguish at what not just this brave girl has gone through, but what each and every rape victim goes through in our land.\" ---- Former Army Chief Gen V K Singh\"CM delhi needed to do a different atonement!She can still call hundreds of student reps, be on a listening watch,then revert on fixed date!\" --- Kiran Bedi on Twitter\"I don't understand why Justice Verma a Commission,Mrs Usha Mehra's,an Enquiry? Why cld both not look at matters together holisitically?\" --- Kiran Bedi on Twitter\"'Amanat', 'Damini' just a name now... her body has passed away, but her soul shall shall forever stir our hearts!!!.\" ----- Amitabh Bachchan on Twitter.\"I have always been a very proud Indian. Today, we should ALL be ashamed. Will it always take an innocents death for a nation to awake? This is not the country I grew up in as a child, this is not the country I want my daughter to know whilst she grows up!\" ------ Abhishek Bachchan\"Enough is enough. It is not the death of Nirbhay Damini but the death of humanity in our country. It is time for the government to wake up from its deep slumber and punish the criminals behind this heinous crime.\" --- Singer Lata Mangeshkar\"And SHE PASSES AWAY in S'pore RIP. Our impotence stares us in the face. May SHE become the wakeup call our country needs. We must soul search.\" ------ Shabana Azmi on Twitter\"Safety of women is a prerequisite of a civilised society. We do not want to be deified as goddesses we want equality we demand respect. It is time to reflect, to analyse, to soul search how each segment has been culpable and led to a mindset that makes man treat woman like property (sic).\"\"Her greatest betrayal is that we will forget. Political system's greatest hope is we will forget. Our only redemption is if we do not forget.\" ---- Filmmaker Shekhar Kapur\"Shut all temples where you pretend to worship the female form. Cry India! Your hands are drenched with the blood of your own daughters. Woman your silence will not protect you. Speak or be silenced forever. Rage.\" ---- Mahesh Bhatt", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17802009", "title": "Tamil Nadu officer supersedes husband, is new chief secretary of Tamil Nadu", "text": "CHENNAI: Sheela Balakrishnan, a 1976 batch IAS official, will replace Debendranath Sarangi as the next chief secretary of Tamil Nadu, the state government announced on Friday.She will be the third woman chief secretary of the state. Interestingly, she will also supersede her husband R Balakrishnan, who is the seniormost IAS officer in the state. Balakrishnan is also from her batch.While Balakrishnan is to retire in July next, Sheela Balakrishnan has 15 months of service left.Her earlier stint as secretary to the chief minister from 2002 to 2006, when J Jayalalithaa was in power, weighed in her favour, said a senior official.Sarangi is retiring on December 31. The government, however, has not announced as to when Sheela will take over. Five other IAS officers from the 1976 batch, including Syed Munir Hoda, former secretary to previous chief minister, have already retired without getting an opportunity to serve as chief secretary of the state.A native of Thiruvananthapuram in Kerala, Sheela Balakrishnan has worked in various departments like personnel and administrative reforms, transport, municipal administration and water supply as secretary. But she has never been a district collector because she chose to remain with her family and opted out of district assignments. At the time of regime change in 2006, she was transferred to an insignificant post in Salem. A year later, she was shifted to Chennai as director, planning and development at Anna Institute of Management, where she continued till 2011 elections.Sarangi, one year junior to Sheela in service, however, made it to the top post when Jayalalithaa returned to power. He was at the helm of affairs at a time when Tamil Nadu faced its worst ever power crisis. Also, during the past one year, Tamil Nadu Electricity Regulatory Commission, the power ombudsman in the state, has gone without a chairman because the selection committee headed by Sarangi failed to select a candidate for the post. There was a speculation that services of Sarangi would be extended for six months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17806408", "title": "YouTube to be unblocked in Pak: Interior minister", "text": "LONDON: Pakistan's interior minister Rehman Malik has said that he will restore access to video-sharing website Youtube in the coming hours.\"There was a great demand to unblock YouTube... expect the notification today!\" Malik tweeted.The site has been blocked to users in Pakistan since September when excerpts from an anti-Islamic film were posted, sparking protests across the world.According to the BBC, Pakistan blocked Youtube in 2008 and 2010 because of sacrilegious content.It reinstated a ban on the site on 17 September following days of protests around the world after a translated version of an amateur film attacking the Prophet Mohammed was posted on an Egyptian website, the report said.Pakistan had reportedly asked Youtube and its parent company, Google, to block access to the video.According to the report, Malik also tweeted that 'Pakistan Telecommunication Authority is finalising negotiations for acquiring a powerful firewall software to totally block pornographic and blasphemous material'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17802073", "title": "KJP loyal Basavaraj Patil Attur quits assembly", "text": "BANGALORE: Former CM BS Yeddyurappa's loyalist Basavaraj Patil Attur, MLA from Basavakalyan in Bidar district, announced his resignation from the assembly membership on Friday.This does not spell good news for CM Jagadish Shettar. Yeddyurappa had declared he would meet his supporters in Bangalore on January 4 and decide whether to continue extending support to the government or not. On Thursday, BJP leaders, including Ananth Kumar , had ridiculed the former CM for setting the government a deadline.Attur, who faxed his resignation to Speaker KG Bopaiah, said he would meet the latter in person on January 5. Yeddyurappa has declared Attur as the KJP candidate from Basavakalyan assembly segment in the next election.The fate of the government hinges on the success of the January 4 meeting called by Yeddyurappa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17807888", "title": "Workshop for Non-Governmental Organizations", "text": "PUNE: Bombay Natural History Society (BNHS) in collaboration with Bharati Vidyapeeth Institute of Environment Education and Research (BVIEER) will organise a management development workshop for environmental NGOs (eNGOs) from January 10 to 12, 2013 in Pune. The workshop intends to develop master trainers among eNGOs who will conduct these management trainings on regular basis within as well as outside their organizations.A series of similar workshops have already been successfully organized in Mumbai, Imphal , Bengaluru and Delhi. The workshop series is supported by US Government through Fulbright Alumni Engagement Innovation Fund (AEIF). The Pune workshop will be open to eNGOs from Maharashtra, Goa, Gujarat and Rajasthan. Similar workshops will also be shortly conducted in Ahmedabad and Kohima.In India, there are around 2342 eNGOs, who very often find it difficult to appeal to the donors, leading to paucity of funds. Thus they constantly grapple with sustainability issues and financial instability, which spirals down to mismanagement\", said a spokesperson from Bombay Natural History Society. The three-day workshop in Pune will cover topics such as knowing one's organization, fund raising, grant writing, project management, team and volunteer management, networking and public relation, marketing and leadership styles. The workshop format will be mainly audiovisual shows, brainstorming, hands-on activity for individuals or groups and home assignments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17803251", "title": "Techie killed, 5 injured in accident", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A loaded mini truck jumped the traffic signal and ploughed into seven vehicles, including four cars, a motorcycle, a scooter and a cyclist, at railway light point on Friday night. The accident left 32-year-old motorcyclist Ajinder Singh, a software engineer with a firm in IT Park, dead and five others injured. The truck driver, Jaspal Singh of Mohali, has been arrested.The accident took place around 7.30pm. Even though traffic signals were functional at the light point, Constable Rajpal Singh too was standing in the middle of road to man the vehicles.Ajinder, a Sangrur native who was staying in a rented accommodation in Zirakpur, died on way to hospital. All the injured are being treated at Government Multi-Specialty Hospital (GMSH), Sector 16. The injured cyclist, Ramjass, is works with company in IT Park.The traffic got blocked from both Railway Station and Panchkula side during rescue operation. Traffic constable Rajpal said, \"The truck was coming from IT-park, Manimajra, and instead of following the red signal, it tried to jump it and somehow the driver lost its balance. The vehicle turned towards the opposite side, and rammed a cyclist, motorcyclist and four cars.\"SHO of PS Industrial Area Narinder Patial said driver Jaspal claimed that brakes of the truck failed but his claim is yet to be verified. Police have ruled out the presence of alcohol in Jaspal's body. A case has been registered at industrial area police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "sydney", "code": "17804884", "title": "Former England captain and broadcaster Tony Greig dies", "text": "SYDNEY: Former England captain and celebrated television commentator Tony Greig passed away after losing his battle with lung cancer on Saturday.Greig was 66. He breathed his last at a Sydney hospital after being brought in a \"critical condition\".He was diagnosed with lung cancer in October this year after undergoing treatment for what was initially thought to be bronchitis in May.He underwent tests after the World Twenty20 Championships in Sri Lanka and it was revealed that there was a small lesion at the base of his right lung.\"On his return to Australia he had fluid removed from the right lung and testing revealed he had lung cancer,\" the 'Sydney Morning Herald' reported.Greig's son Mark told a newspaper that his father's cancer had progressed to \"stage four\".While commentating during the coverage of the first Australia-South Africa in November, Greig spoke about the disease.\"It's not good. The truth is I've got lung cancer. Now it's a case of what they can do,\" Greig had said.Born in Queenstown, South Africa, Greig qualified to play for England due to his Scottish parentage. His father was a Scot.In his 58-match Test career, Greig scored 3,599 runs and picked up 141 wickets. In 22 ODIs that he played, Greig scored 269 runs and managed 19 wickets.Greig was a leading international all-rounder for England.Considered a controversial figure, he helped Kerry Packer start the World Series Cricket by signing up many English as well as some West Indian and Pakistani cricketers.The move ended up costing him England's captaincy. The best performance of Greig's captaincy career came in 1976-77, when England toured India for a five-Test series.The team had not won there for 15 years but went on to score one of their most convincing triumphs when they clinched the first three Tests by huge margins.Greig turned into a successful commentator following the end of his playing career in 1977 and was forthright with his views. He was one of the bitterest critics of BCCI's opposition to the Decision Review System.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17806763", "title": "JNU students protest silently in Munirka", "text": "NEW DELHI: Students and teachers of Jawaharlal Nehru University gathered in silence at the Munirka bus-stop in south Delhi from where the gang-rape victim, who passed away in a Singapore hospital Friday, was picked up on the night of December 16.Students held up placards with anti-rape slogans, demanding action to prevent such crime.\"We are not just sad but angry. When would such atrocities stop? Are women not human,\" said Nidhi, a JNU student who was part of the march.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17802903", "title": "Dalit's house burnt 11 days ago, no FIR yet", "text": "AHMEDABAD: For nearly 11 days this dalit family has been running pillar to post to lodge a first information report (FIR) against hooligans who had burnt down their house.Kanu Rohit of Pandva village in Balasinor along with his wife and three children had escaped to a nearby hill after miscreants threatened to kill them.According to Rohit's complaint, the incident happened on polling day, on December 17, when Kanu Rohit along with other families was going to the polling booth to vote. It was then that few political party workers intercepted them and asked them to refrain from voting. Rohit's wife Jashi, who was the deputy sarpanch of Pandav village, pleaded before the group to leave them alone. But, the workers burnt their house when Rohit's family refused to comply with group's instructions to avoid going to the polling booth.\"We are just three families belonging to Rohit community in Pandva village and now fear for our lives. There is pressure on us for a compromise as miscreants are influential. After struggling for 11 days, finally on Friday night, Balasinor police inspector (PI) called me to the police station to register my FIR after I had made an appeal to Kheda deputy superintendent of police Makrand Chauhan.Chauhan told TOI, \"I had remarked on Rohit's complaint for Balalsinor PI to register the FIR on Wednesday. I was told by the Balasinor PI on Friday night that there was a compromise between Rohit and the accused. I will have to check the facts.\"According to the complaint, the miscreants looted Rs 85,000 in cash from their home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17803148", "title": "Gold loses it\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s glitter this festive season", "text": "INDORE: With people in celebratory mood, they do not mind loosening their purse strings a bit extra. And the gold losing its sheen to diamond and platinum jewelleries this festive season is an evidence of that. Despite the fall in gold prices to Rs 31,000 per 10 gm as against the earlier existing mark of Rs 32000 until sometime back, people are picking up diamond and platinum jewelleries from the shops. However, the popularity of gold jewellery would be back with the wedding season, feel city jewellers.Director of Punjab Jewellers, Darpan Anand, said, \"More and more people are walking into my showroom for purchase of diamond and platinum studded jewelleries this season.\"Jewellers feel that a dip in platinum prices of late is also the reason behind its increasing popularity. The price of the heaviest metal, as platinum is known as, has come down by three times over the past few years and it even became cheaper than gold's price.Joint director of Punjabi Saraf, Ajay Anand, said, \"While diamond was very much in demand these days, platinum jewellery has also started attracting the customers of late.\"President of Indore Sarafa Association, Hukum Soni, said, \"Though the sale of diamond jewellery has increased by 15-20%, I don't think sales of platinum jewellery is very encouraging. I am sure that the sale of the yellow metal will pick up from January 14 onwards.\"A jeweller who owns the franchisee of a chain of jewellery shops, Vinod Garg, said, \"Diamond jewelleries are really more in demand. Also, I am of the view that gold prices will come down further once the much awaited American report comes out in near future.\"President of Bhopal Sarafa Association, Hari Goyal, said, \"Middle class women were getting attracted towards the diamond and hence gold sales were not picking up this festive season. They were coming forward to buy diamond-studded ear rings in large numbers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17805509", "title": "A pet adoption drive on December 30!", "text": "The Chennai Adoption Drive (CAD) has organized a pet adoption drive in Chennai on December 30, during which people will get a chance to adopt vaccinated puppies and kittens free of cost. Chennai Adoption Drive will take place on Sunday, December 30 from 10.30 am to 3 pm at 78/1, McNichols Road, Chetpet.The group's Ambassador Trisha says, \"The New Year is a chance to start afresh. While I am happy that more awareness has been created in the year that went by, there's still much more we can do. Make a difference to every animal you see by fostering or adopting.\"With over 500 adoptions, CAD will provide information and guidance on raising pets (for first-timers). The person adopting just need to his/her address and ID proof for records. For further details, call 89393 11148 or email chennaiadoptiondrive@gmail.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17802088", "title": "Pakistan rights panel chief to speak in Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: Director of Human Rights Commission of Pakistan I A Rehman is scheduled to speak in Kolkata on January 7 at a conference on forced migration.The event is being organized by the International Association for the Study of Forced Migration in collaboration with Calcutta Research Group. Besides issues related to migration because of Partition, Pakistani delegates could speak on the impact of US aerial attacks in the North Western Frontier Province.More than 200,000 people had been displaced in the NWFP because of U.S. bombings, director of CRG Ranabir Samaddar said on Friday. These aggrieved people were joining the ranks of the Taliban and thus deepening the problem that the U.S. and allied forces were trying to combat.The three-day international conference will focus on major instances of forced migration in different corners of the globe, from both natural and man-made causes. One of the worst displacements in recent history was caused by the 2004 tsunami.The conference would focus on rehabilitation of victims, said CRG director Ranabir Samaddar. Bengal had witnessed unrest over the threat of displacement in Singur and Nandigram. Rajarhat in Kolkata, too, had witnessed displacements after land acquisition for setting up the New Town complex.\"All these issues will also come up for discussion in the conference.\" A special emphasis would be laid on the plight of women and children in forced migrations.Nearly 250 delegates from different parts of the world would attend the conference. The findings would be compiled and sent to the Centre in the form of a report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17802217", "title": "MBA student takes examination for friend, gets rigorous imprisonment", "text": "CHENNAI: A magistrate's court has sentenced an MBA student to one-year rigorous imprisonment and slapped a fine of 5,000 on him for impersonating a friend and taking his Class 10 examination.Judicial magistrate-I at Ponneri, Premavathi, awarded the sentence to the MBA student, S Venkatachalapathy, 24, of Medhur village near Kavarapet in Tiruvallur district.Police said Venkatachalapathy had been caught red-handed while writing the Class 10 examination at Government Higher Secondary School, Kavarapet, in 2008. He was impersonating Mukundan, his neighbour and a student of the school.An investigation revealed that Venkatachalapathy and Mukundan had studied together in the same school a few years prior to the incident. Venkatachalapathy graduated and joined an MBA course but Mukundan failed the Class 10 examination three times in a row. Venkatachalapathy agreed when Mukundan asked him to take the examination for him in 2008 and was caught in the exam hall by invigilators.The prosecution's submitted that school headmaster B Varadharajan, who was the head of a flying squad, conducted a sudden check of students taking the examination at Government Higher Secondary School. When Varadharajan found that Venkatachalapathy was impersonating Mukundan, he immediately seized his answer papers and detained him at the school. Varadharajan informed the Kavarapet police, who took Venkatachalapathy into custody and investigated the case.As Venkatachalapathy had been arrested and spent 10 days in jail immediately after he was caught, he faces 355 days of incarceration if the sentence is confirmed on appeal. Venkatachalapathy's counsel told the police that they would appeal against the verdict of the magistrate's court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17803592", "title": "Minister promises increase in MBBS and PG seats", "text": "PUNE: The availability of MBBS and postgraduate (PG) medical seats will increase by 50% and 100% respectively from academic year 2013-14, Union minister for health and family welfare Ghulam Nabi Azad said here on Friday.\"The move forms part of the ministry's focus on reforms in medical and paramedical education to overcome the acute shortage of human resources in health,\" he said at the 14th convocation ceremony of the Bharati Vidyapeeth Deemed University (BVDU). Founder-chancellor of BVDU Patangrao Kadam presided over the session.Azad said, \"Since UPA-II came to power at the Centre in 2009, the availability of MBBS seats has gone up by nearly 40% and the number of PG medical seats by about 80%. The projected increase this year (2013-14) will be a record of sorts.\"The minister called upon young medical graduates to take up rural assignments on their own volition. \"Almost 99% of medical graduates in the country tend to opt for practice in urban areas, while a measly 1% opts for practice in rural India,\" he said. \"The nation needs active participation by young graduates in providing healthcare services in rural areas, where there is an acute need for proper diagnosis, immediate medical aid, awareness campaigns and preventive and promotive healthcare,\" he said.Azad said, \"The reforms process initiated by the ministry is aimed at tackling issues at different levels, whether it is to overcome the shortage of faculty or to rationalise land, infrastructure and bed occupancy norms, teacher-student ratio, or increase in student intake of MBBS and PG medical seats. These path-breaking decisions have brought in positive results, never seen before in the past six decades.\"Referring to the shortage of nurses and auxiliary nurse midwives (ANMs), Azad said the health ministry has sanctioned 269 nursing schools in the last two years, mostly in remote, inaccessible and under-served districts. \"With an estimated outlay of Rs 2,030 crore, these institutions will give us an additional 20,000 nurses annually,\" he said.\"Centres of excellence in paramedical education are being established to scale up the availability of para-medics,\" he said, adding that the government had sanctioned a national institute of paramedical sciences in Delhi and eight regional institutes at Chandigarh, Lucknow, Bhopal , Hyderabad, Coimbatore, Bhubaneswar, Bhagalpur and Aurangabad. \"As many as 10,760 paramedic professionals are expected to be trained annually when these institutes of excellence are fully functional,\" he added.Azad said, however, that the government alone could not shoulder the responsibility in view of the huge requirement; the private sector also needed to play an important role by sharing the burden in funding higher education. \"While ensuring efficiency in teaching and improvement in quality, private sector institutions should also take affirmative action to help weaker and disadvantaged sections to acquire professional higher education,\" he added.Azad emphasised the need to extend equal attention to promoting research in health sciences by establishing state-of-the-art research laboratories, libraries and computer facilities.A total of 49 research scholars were awarded PhD degrees on the occasion. BVDU vice-chancellor Shivajirao Kadam, controller of examinations V V Dhapte, registrar G Jayakumar, former chairman of University Grants Commission Arun Nigavekar and former BVDU vice-chancellors S F Patil and Uttamrao Bhoite were among the prominent persons present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17804802", "title": "Flight operations normal at Delhi's IGI airport", "text": "NEW DELHI: Flight operations at the IGI airport here remained normal for the fourth consecutive day on Saturday as the airport remained free from dense fog.\"Thought there was some moderate fog, the runway visibility remained above 1,200 metres and there was no disruption in flight operations,\" airport sources said.General visibility was around 700 metres and runway visibility over 1200 metres on both the runways.Flight operations were badly affected for three days early this week after dense fog enveloped the airport hitting the schedule of over 300 flights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "17802281", "title": "Major round of local bodies' elections in February", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Elections for local bodies' like village panchayats , taluka panchayats , district panchayats and municipalities are likely to be held in February or March 2013. Terms of these local bodies end in April 2013.Total of 1,427 village panchayats, two district panchayats of Kheda and Banaskantha, two taluka panchayats of Kheda, 12 taluka panchayats of Banaskantha and one taluka panchayat of Gandhinagar district will be held.A total of 77 municipalities are also likely to go to polls in February or March 2013. Both the major political parties are likely to start preparation for this major round of local bodies' election only after January 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17805635", "title": "India should feel ashamed, Jaitley says", "text": "NEW DELHI: \"The entire country should hang its head in shame,\" BJP leader Arun Jaitley said reacting to the death of the Delhi gang-rape victim.\"This is an occasion to introspect why this woman became a victim of such a terrible crime,\" the Rajya Sabha member said on Saturday after the 23-year-old victim passed away in a Singapore hospital.\"We need to ask ourselves why such incidents happen in India. What kind of atmosphere have we created that allow such crimes to take place...\"The most important thing is to have an alert citizenry... Only alert citizens can force police to act, prevent such crimes from happening.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17803154", "title": "Cold wave forces cancellation of Janta Darshan", "text": "In view of the cold wave conditions prevailing in the state, the Janata Darshan programme scheduled to be held at 5, Kalidas Marg, the official residence of UP chief minister will remain cancelled on January 2, 2013, informs an official press release.Sub-registrar offices open on Sunday: District magistrate Lucknow Anurag Yadav said that the sub-registrar offices in Lucknow city will remain open on Sunday (December 30). He said that this decision has been taken in public interest.Seminar: A national seminar on 'media and law interface: issues and challenges', was organised on Friday. Justice Pradeep Kant, former senior judge of Allahabad High Court, Lucknow bench was the chief guest. In his address said that as far as electronic media is concerned it is sometimes helpless, as it has to run live shows. He said that the present day issues are rolling towards two dimensions. One is role of press and another is shortcomings in administrative, judicial and governance system. Prof Balraj Chauhan, vice-chancellor of Ram Manohar Lohiya National Law University, Lucknow in his inaugural speech said that there is a greater need of transparency and accountability in media functioning. The media should create awareness among the people about the problems of the nation and should also promote national unity and communal harmony.Blood donation: Punjab National Bank in association with PNB Prerna and Shrishti, organised a blood donation camp at its circle office, Gomtinagar on Friday. VP Jain, circle head of the bank said that the Shrishti, a female organisation, is engaged in various social activities and has also funded thalessemic children for their blood transfusion. Over 100 bank employees donated blood in the camp.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17801364", "title": "14-year-old who slipped off train at Dadar succumbs to injuries", "text": "MUMBAI: A student who slipped into the gap between a running train and the platform at Dadar station on Thursday, succumbed to his injuries on Friday.The victim, Parvez Shaikh (14), was undergoing treatment after being admitted to the ICCU at Sion hospital.His right leg was amputated while his left foot was crushed in the mishap. \"Shaikh's body was handed over to his parents after the autopsy was conducted. We have registered a case of accidental death,\" said a senior Government Railway Police (GRP) official.Shaikh was a class IX student and resided at Tagore Nagar in Vikhroli. tnnand resided in Tagore Nagar, Vikhroli.was trying to get into a running train around 2.20 pm but His legs were crushed by the train as he lost his grip and fell off the train. His right leg was amputated while his left foot was crushed below the ankle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "17803308", "title": "Garhwa dips to 4 degree Celsius", "text": "GARHWA: Garhwa on Thursday recorded minimum 4 degree Celsius, the season's lowest minimum at night. It also experienced early morning fog on Friday. While cold winds from northern parts of the country are making Garhwa shiver, a woman Panpati Devi (55), wife of Chalitter Rajwar, died of cold wave in Gangtiria village under Majhiaon block of the district on Thursday. Nandu Ram, mukhiya of Obra panchayat confirmed the news. The deceased was a member of Laxmi Self Help Group (SHG), the mukhiya said.The district administration has so far failed to take concrete measures to save people from the biting cold. No arrangement for bonfires has so far been made either by the district administration or by the civic body.Garhwa deputy commissioner (DC) R P Sinha had ordered all BDOs of the district to make arrangement for bonfires at every public place a week ago. But the officials have failed to fulfill the DC's order. So far arrangement of bonfires has not been reported from any block of the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17803084", "title": "TRS unimpressed with one-month deadline", "text": "NEW DELHI: Home minister Sushilkumar Shinde's announcement of a one-month timeframe for the government to decide on statehood for Telangana failed to impress the Telangana Rashtra Samithi (TRS), which expressed \"disappointment\" with the all-party meeting.TRS chief K Chandrasekhara Rao slammed the \"continued ambivalence of Congress, TDP and YSR Congress\" on the issue. \"I am totally disappointed... the government is not serious about creating Telangana. I feel this assurance of a decision in a month is just humbug,\" Rao told TOI after emerging from the meeting.The party has decided to protest against the refusal of Congress and others to spell out their stand on statehood as well as the government's indecision by calling for a Telangana bandh on Saturday. The party will announce its future course of action after consulting its representatives in a day or two.Shinde's announcement had come on a day when TDP shed its ambivalence on the issue and openly backed the demand for a separate state. This has complicated matters for the Congress, which will have to move at breakneck speed to keep up with the month's deadline.The all-party meeting -- attended by two representatives each of Congress, TRS, TDP, Jaganmohan Reddy's YSR Congress, BJP, CPI, CPM and AIMIM, besides Andhra chief minister N Kiran Reddy - saw the BJP, TRS, CPI and TDP solidly backing creation of a separate state. Though CPM rooted for a united Andhra Pradesh, it sought an early decision from the government and said Parliament could take a call.YSR Congress refused to spell out its stand, but said it would go by the government's decision on the issue. AIMIM, which also favoured a united Andhra Pradesh, said if a separate state was to be created, it should comprise both the Rayalaseema and Telangana regions and have Hyderabad as its capital. It opposed making Hyderabad a Union Territory.Chairman of the joint action committee (JAC) agitating for Telangana, Prof Kodandaram, said he was dissatisfied with the meeting's outcome as people of the region had expected the government to take a clear stand. \"We are not sure that the government will honour its assurance of a decision in one month, as many promises were broken earlier,\" he told TOI.Telangana supporters' apprehensions regarding an early decision are understandable given that the Congress was a sharply divided house at Friday's all-party meet. While the pro-Telangana representative K R Suresh Reddy opened the discussions by rooting for statehood, G Venkat Reddy, who was the last to speak, insisted on keeping Andhra united, while conceding that he would ultimately go by the decision of the party high command.While the TRS, BJP and CPI supported creation of Telangana at the all-party meet, the TDP - which until now was ambivalent - firmed up its stand and reiterated the stand it had taken in a 2008 letter to Pranab Mukherjee, favouring a separate state of Telangana.Then home minister P Chidambaram had announced on December 9, 2009, that the process for formation of Telangana state was being initiated, leading to widespread protests in Andhra Pradesh. The decision was put in abeyance and Justice Srikrishna committee set up to examine the issue. The panel submitted its report in December 2010, followed by an all-party meeting chaired by then home minister Chidambaram in January 2011. The meeting was inconclusive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "tirupattur", "code": "17801662", "title": "Girl found murdered in Tirupattur", "text": "TIRUPATTUR: The body of a nine-year-old girl - with injuries on her face - was found in a banana field near Tirupattur in Vellore district on Thursday night. The police suspect that a gang murdered her and dumped her body in the field. They said did not rule out the possibility of gang rape, saying they were awaiting the results of the post-mortem examination. four men had been picked on suspicion up for questioning.Police said R Gayathri, a Class 4 student of a government primary school in Aandiappanur village, was last seen playing with her friends near her house on Thursday evening. When she did not return home even after 8pm, her worried parents launched a hunt for her. They found her body in the banana plantation near the house. Her father, S Ramachandran, a farmer, lodged a complaint with the Kuruchilampattu police, alleging that his daughter had been kidnapped, raped and murdered by an unidentified gang.Police sent the girl's body to the Tirupattur government general hospital for postmortem and registered a case under Section 302 of the Indian Penal Code. The four men they detained hailed from the same locality. Sub-inspector S Jayalakshmi, who is the investigating officer, said police did not rule out the possibility of rape but decided to wait for the final report of the postmortem examination. \"There were bleeding injuries on the girl's face. There were no other visible injuries on other parts of the body. Her dress was intact without any damage,\" the officer said.Some villagers told police they spotted a gang of five to six men fleeing from the plantation just minutes before they spotted the girl's body. They claimed they could not identify the persons as it was dark and there was a power cut.On December 20, the body of a 12-year-old schoolgirl was found near the Thatankulam railway gate in Tuticorin district. Two days later, police arrested 36-year-old C Subbiah of Paraikuttam village. The man is said to have confessed to the police that he had attempted to rape the girl but strangled her to death when she resisted his attempts. The incident created a furore in the state with the opposition DMK staging a demonstration in Tuticorin seeking immediate action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17803483", "title": "Pugmarks at Chandaka spur tiger alert", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Forest department on Friday sounded an alert in Chandaka area that a tigress and a cub were moving in the area.The alert comes after the pugmarks in the area were verified.Sources said Chandaka villagers spotted the tigress and the cub and informed the forest officials on December 24 about their presence. The next day, the officials conducted an examination, which revealed that an adult tigress, along with a cub, visited a pond called Khiragadia located nearby Chandaka wildlife sanctuary.\"Two kinds of pugmarks were found. From the big pugmarks, it was understood that an adult female tiger came to the area. The small ones about 10m from the larger pugmarks indicate the movement of a cub as well. We have taken pictures of the pugmarks for future reference,\" said S N Mohapatra, wildlife DFO, Chandaka wildlife division.The pugmarks were found at a place called Dampada. Mohapatra said the department sounded an alert across the area to avert any untoward incident.Sources said the tigress and the cub might have sneaked into the area from Athagarh forests. Wildlife officials also did not rule out the possibility of the animals sneaking from Satkosia Tiger Reserve.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17802759", "title": "Court reinstates Kenexa India managing director", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The tussle between Kenexa Global and former Kenexa India Private Limited managing director Raghuveer Sakuru took yet another turn on Friday when the magistrate of the first additional district judge court, Visakhapatnam, passed an injunction order reinstating the sacked MD with immediate effect.The magistrate also asked the other directors of Kenexa Global, which is the holding company of Kenexa India, not to interfere with his working as MD of Kenexa India, legal counsel for Raghuveer Sakuru, N V Badrinath said.Sakuru was unceremoniously sacked as MD of Kenexa India by the board of Kenexa Global on December 3 this year after he filed a case against the global board for agreeing to allow IBM to return 21.7 acres of land at Kenexa's Rushikonda IT SEZ facility to the Andhra Pradesh Industrial Infrastructure Corporation (APIIC).Even as IBM officials refused to comment on the development saying the company will not \"comment on pending litigation\", Kenexa India director Aneeta Sakuru said the magistrate had issued an injunction to reinstate Raghuveer Sakhuru and take further course of action as per law.\"We were given just 24 hours to rush to the US for a hastily called board meeting despite the fact that legally the notice should be served at least 15 days in advance. Reaching the US at such a short notice was next to impossible and as we were not able to attend, they took an unanimous decision to sack Raghuveer for filing a case against them. After this we filed a case in the local court,\" said Aneeta Sakuru.The spat between Sakuru and Kenexa Global began a couple of months ago after the former along with Aneeta Sakuru objected to the handing over of the land to APIIC. IBM had announced the acquisition of Kenexa Global in August this year but the deal was stuck since then for various reasons. Kenexa was finally taken over by IBM on December 3 on the condition that the unused land be handed back to APIIC.Kenexa India was allotted about 25 acres on Hill number two at the Rushikonda IT SEZ facility in 2005 by APIIC under the condition that it would staff at least 2500 professionals. The company constructed a building in about four acres and the rest of the land was kept vacant for future expansion.However, even during the peak of its operation and after sub-leasing a part of its facility to another ITeS firm, the facility could only employ 1500 people and the company was slapped a fine of Rs 80 crore by APIIC. This penalty was the bone of contention in the IBM takeover of Kenexa Global as the US IT giant did not want to pay the fine for which they were not responsible and wanted to hand over the excess 21.7 acre land to APIIC in return.APIIC agreed to take back the land but the move was vehemently opposed by Kenexa India's MD and director who even approached a Hyderabad civil court to stall the handover of the land. This seems to have rubbed the directors of Kenexa Global the wrong way and Raghuveer was allegedly stripped of his post after the hastily called board meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17802589", "title": "'Govt's job schemes not reaching Muslim youth'", "text": "HYDERABAD: The government may have schemes like the Rajiv Yuva Kiranalu (RVK) for welfare of youth, but enrolment of Muslim candidates remains poor and measures should be taken to increase their participation for their upliftment, educationists and activists said on Friday.In spite of the fact that RVK training programmes for minorities were routed through the AP Minority Finance Corporation for better accessibility, the scheme has failed to attract Muslim youth due to lack of awareness, irrespective of incentives such as free training, food and bus fare.Addressing a packed gathering comprising people from different walks of life at the event organised by Muslim Educational Social and Cultural Organisation (Mesco) at Salar Jung Museum auditorium, Dr Mohammed Samiullah Khan, director of academics at Medwin Hospital said, \"Most of the candidates cannot even afford to attend free training because they are daily wage earners whose survival depends on Rs 50 a day. They will starve even if they don't work for a day. Of the 500 who had approached us, 200 have registered. The dropout rate is around 30%. The government should give a stipend of Rs 2,000 to curb the dropout rate and provide alternate income to such people,\" Khan said.Describing education as a source of opportunity for employment, vice-chairman of RYK Prof KC Reddy noted that despite the four percent reservation for enrolment of Muslim students in higher education institutions, it was no better than that of Schedules Castes and Scheduled Tribes. He said that though the Sachar Committee report provides insight on the condition of Muslims, statistical data on the socio-economic conditions of Muslims continues to remain 'scanty'.He observed that there was little representation of candidates from minority communities in the government even at the undersecretary level. Reddy urged minorities to make full use of government schemes meant for their welfare. Speakers said that Muslims must 'stop dwelling in the past' and instead chart a course for the future with well defined goals so that by 2020 every child has access to primary education.Drawing comparisons between Sikhs and Muslims, both of which are minority communities, K M Arifuddin secretary of Madina Education Society said that while the Sikh population constituted just 1.5% of the population, they accounted for 19% of IPS officers while Muslims officers were less than 1%.Speakers suggested that wherever minorities accounted for 10% to 25% concentration in various districts, schools and colleges should be set up following the public private partnership model. They noted that there were only 463 Muslim students in all the IITs put together.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17801464", "title": "Govt drafts action plan to dispose of 12,000 cases", "text": "MUMBAI: A week after Maharashtra chief minister Prithviraj Chavan's meeting with senior cabinet members, bureaucrats and the police brass, the law and judiciary department has drafted a comprehensive action plan for disposal of nearly 12,000 cases of serious crimes against women.\"We will submit our plan to the Bombay High Court and seek the setting up special and fast-track courts on top priority for disposal of all cases in a time-bound period. Our top priority will be to provide adequate infrastructure for setting up the special and fast-track courts,'' a senior bureaucrat told TOI on Friday.The bureaucrat said most pending cases were registered under sections 376 (rape), 366 (kidnapping and abduction of a woman for compelling her for marriage), 306 (abetment to suicide) and 304-B (dowry death). \"We are securing district-wise information on the cases, and once data is available, the special and fast-track courts will be set up,'' he said.He said priority will be given for disposal of nearly 3,000 rape cases. \"Some cases are very old. It's a piquant situation, since in many cases the victims have been rehabilitated or married. It's difficult to call them either for cross-examination or recording their statements. We are planning summary disposal of such cases, in consultation with the judiciary,'' he said.On the action plan, the bureaucrat said it has been proposed to categorize the cases on the basis of the year of lodging the first information report. Efforts will be made to dispose of old cases as early as possible and at the same time it will be ensured that new cases are not held back. \"We will draft our plan in such a way that old and new cases will be disposed of simultaneously... soon pendency will be either zero or negligible. Once the pending cases are disposed of, our aim will be dispose of the new cases within a year,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17803353", "title": "Patna-bound GoAir plane lands in Ranchi", "text": "RANCHI: A Patna-bound GoAir airplane had to land in Ranchi on Friday afternoon due to poor visibility near Patna airport. The flight coming from Mumbai was carrying 120 passengers, including playback singer Sukhwinder Singh and actor Jasleen Matharu. The Ranchi airport director, R R Kumar, confirmed the incident. \"The flight has also flown back to Mumbai,\" he added. The visibility at Patna airport on Friday afternoon was around 500 m, sources said.A ruckus followed the emergency landing. Authorities at Ranchi airport proposed bus ride to Patna which was turned down by the passengers. The singer and the actor with their team were provided a vehicle to Rajgir. No one in GoAir was available for comment on the development.Mumbai-Patna-Ranchi-Mumbai flight (G8-385) which carried around 120 fliers had to land at Ranchi on Thursday afternoon as poor visibility at Patna airport did not allow the flight to land. Playback singer Sukhwinder Singh and actor Jasleen Matharu with their team of performers, who had to perform at Rajgir Mahotsav in Nalanda district of Bihar, were in the same flight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17806168", "title": "Test defeats, retirements make it a difficult year for Indian cricket", "text": "NEW DELHI: A string of heavy Test defeats, some of the biggest superstars walking into the sunset of their glorious careers and 'Captain Cool' Mahendra Singh Dhoni turning into 'Captain Circumspect' are how things panned out for Indian cricket in 2012.Amid the number of disappointing results outweighing the success stories which were few and far between, Sachin Tendulkar and Yuvraj Singh hogged the limelight albeit for different reasons.In March this year, Tendulkar completed a historic feat of 100 international centuries, when he reached the three-figure mark in an ODI against Bangladesh but within nine months, announced his retirement from the 50-over format, leaving a lot of questions unanswered.In February this year, Yuvraj Singh was diagnosed with a rare germ-cell cancer and had to undergo chemotherapy sessions in the US before stunning one and all to make a comeback in international cricket within six months.For Tendulkar, who has been worshipped for the past 23 years for his delightful strokes, the 'timing' of his ODI retirement became a subject of debate as to what prompted the legend to take such a decision, especially with a high-profile series against Pakistan round the corner.Tendulkar's scratchy form against New Zealand and England has again prompted the Doubting Thomases to wag their tongues and getting bowled time and again to incoming deliveries hasn't helped his cause one bit.While Tendulkar would still be seen in white flannels, Rahul Dravid and VVS Laxman decided to call time on their international careers to signal the beginning of the rebuilding process in Indian cricket.Ironically enough, the two, who wrote one of the finest chapters in Indian cricket with their great recovery act against the mighty Australians at the Eden Gardens in 2001, played their last Test together in Adelaide earlier this year.Dravid's decision might have been prompted by the fact that he was bowled six out of the eight times in the four Test series against Australia Down Under. The Aussie pacers repeatedly breached through the impregnable defence of 'The Wall' and at 39, the comeback looked near impossible.For Laxman, it was more to do with the lack of communication from the erstwhile selection committee led by Krishnamachari Srikkanth as to what their plan was regarding the veteran batsman's future.Days after he was selected for the two Tests against New Zealand, the 'Very Very Special' Man of Indian cricket decided against taking part in the series. While addressing the media to announce his retirement, Laxman didn't forget mentioning that he did \"try to get in touch with skipper Dhoni but couldn't contact him.\"A revelation that made people wonder whether 'All Is Well' in the Indian dressing room.The announcements came within months of each other but it was a foregone conclusion that Indian cricket would never be the same again in the absence of Dravid and Laxman.If retirements of iconic players saddened the cricket crazy public, even more distressing was the manner in which Team India performed in the longer version raising questions about the leadership abilities of Dhoni.Out of the nine Test matches that India played this year, they lost five -- three in Australia during the 0-4 'Whitewash' and a humiliating 1-2 series loss to England -- first time in nearly three decades.The skipper looked jaded, bereft of new ideas, refusing to be flexible regarding team combinations with fascination for a particular bunch of players including Rohit Sharma and Ravindra Jadeja, who were given chances despite repeated failures at the top level.Ishant Sharma did not do well in the Australia series, got injured and then did precious little in domestic cricket to earn an India recall.With Harbhajan Singh's dip in form and the lack of quality in Ravichandran Ashwin to become the lead spinner was badly exposed with Monty Panesar and Graeme Swann coming up trumps in the recently concluded Test series.Openers Gautam Gambhir and Virender Sehwag failed to give good starts on most of the occasions. Sehwag finally got a century after two years while Gambhir is yet to reach a three-figure mark for the past three years.Dhoni has carried someone like Ajinkya Rahane with the team for months without giving him a Test cap.Not that India's performance in the other formats was encouraging.In the World Twenty20 in Sri Lanka, the Indians looked completely out of sorts as far as planning was concerned with Dhoni gambling with Irfan Pathan as an opener against Australia which turned out to be fatal as George Bailey's men soundly thrashed the 'Men in Blue'.Cheteshwar Pujara and Umesh Yadav were two bright spots amidst all the disappointments that Indian cricket had to endure. With Zaheer Khan running the final leg of his career, the injury-prone Umesh will need to get his act together as he has the ability to deliver for a long time.Similarly Pujara, who has shown that he has temperament for playing longer formats, will encounter a big test when he will face the deadly duo of Dale Steyn and Morne Morkel in South Africa at the end of 2013.In the other part of the world, South Africa deservingly remained the No. 1 ranked team while Australian skipper Michael Clarke taught Dhoni a thing or two about leading from the front.Back to back double centuries (259 n.o. in Brisbane and 230 in Adelaide) by Clarke showed what leading by example means.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17807528", "title": "Amend laws to ensure stringent punishment in rape cases: Mamata", "text": "KOLKATA: West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Saturday called for amending criminal laws to ensure stringent punishment for rape in the wake of the death of the Delhi gang-rape victim.\"It (crime against women) is a serious problem and I feel criminal laws are old and weak. Though amendment is a central subject, we will provide all cooperation,\" she said.\"The centre must ensure that the culprits are severely punished. I feel there is a need to amend criminal laws and bring in more stringent punishment for the offence of rape,\" she said.\"Though women are more vulnerable in rural areas, there is hardly any instance of rape in such places. But in urban areas, rapes and crimes against women have been rising.\"I feel society needs to be more responsible. The awareness level also needs to be increased so that such incidents do not recur,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17802219", "title": "BSNL hikes prepaid and broadband combo tariff", "text": "NASHIK: The Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited (BSNL) has increased the tariff of its prepaid cellphone and broadband combo services by 20 to 30%, which is estimated to add over Rs 5 crore to its kitty in Nashik.The new plans will affect those consumers who are using the BSNL's cheaper tariffs to call on other networks, compelling the BSNL to pay the Inter-Usability-Charges (IUC) in which the network from where call originates has to pay to the network of the destination call.\"The BSNL had been fighting a long battle to save its landlines in the competitive market. While cellphone connections have increased considerably, the fall in landline customers has also been arrested and the figures are now more stable. The strategy is to make payable most of the calls from BSNL to other networks and giving more free calls to intra-network,\" a senior official from BSNL, Nashik, saidThe hike in tariff has hit only the consumers who are using the landlines in combination with broad band and the prepaid customers. Pure landline plans and pure broad band plans remain unchanged.The customers using broad band combo plans are given free calls which they would end up using to call other networks. To arrest the same, calls have been limited to BSNL network only and the calls to other networks would be charged as per their plans.At the same time, tariff for broad band has also gone up by 5 paise per mb for chargeable downloads beyond the specified limits of respective plans reflecting rise in 20 to 25% of the total charges. The rates of broadband are likely to be raised from January 1, 2013, while in cases of pre-paid mobile plans the new tariff has already been applicable from December 20, 2012, officials from BSNL said. The Nashik district, which generates annual revenue of Rs 135 crore for the BSNL, is likely to add 5% by way of this increment, a senior BSNL official said.The landline connections of BSNL are around 1.30 lakh, while the mobile connections - post and prepaid - have crossed the 4 lakh-mark. \"Though the effective tariff would affect a very small set of consumers, there are chances that customers would cut down the usage to cap the bills. Still we are hopeful that with the current strength of connections the move would add to the revenue,\" the official said.Rubbishing apprehensions that the BSNL would lose its customer base, the official said there are some networks which have already increased the tariff and other networks were waiting for BSNL to make the move. \"This means communication is going to be costlier overall,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17803507", "title": "Govt asks PSUs to expedite setting up medical colleges", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Worried over scarcity of doctors, the state government has begun goading public sector undertakings and private players into expediting work on their medical college projects so that admission could start next academic session.Odisha has eight medical colleges - three state-run, four private besides the All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) - with total intake strength of 900 to MBBS courses. AIIMS in Bhubaneswar began admission this year with 50 students. The government believes it cannot overcome doctors' shortage unless some of the proposed medical colleges become functional.A large number of MBBS pass-outs shy away from joining government jobs for reasons like lack of treatment facilities, absence of proper accommodation and an 'opaque' transfer policy. Officers said many doctors after joining the government 'abscond' or do private practice.The government has listed 250 doctors as 'absconding'. But the actual number could be more. In periphery hospitals, doctors are hardly seen. They don't remain present in hospitals even for a few hours and can often be seen doing private practice. The government does not dare to suspend them because it could mean 'double bonanza' for doctors in the shape of subsistence allowance plus an opportunity to work elsewhere. There are now 3,500 doctors on the government roll as against 4,300 sanctioned posts. The three state-run medical colleges have 1,100 doctors while nearly 270 posts are vacant.\"We plan to recruit 470 doctors soon. Steps are being taken to qualitatively address the health care sector,\" health secretary Pradipta Mohapatra told TOI. On the absconding doctors, he said, \"The government will initiate strong action against them.\"Mohapatra said over a dozen new medical colleges are lined up for the state. \"We hope by 2014, a couple of them would be ready,\" he said. The intake capacity in the three government medical colleges will be increased from 100 to 150 each, while AIIMS is expected to admit 150 students next year, he added. Central PSUs like NTPC, MCL and Nalco have also decided to set up medical colleges. \"The government has agreed to allow Sundargarh district headquarters hospital for use by NTPC medical college. The medical college proposed by MCL is awaiting forest clearance,,\" Mohapatra said.Official sources said the medical college, planned at Jaring in Kalahandi by a Tamil Nadu group, is nearing completion. It is likely to admit 100 students next session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17803023", "title": "New women\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s helpline gets 300 calls in 4 days", "text": "NEW DELHI: The helpline set up on Monday to receive complaints of non-action regarding any crime against women has brought to the fore the insecurities haunting Delhiites.It has already received almost 300 calls, prompting lieutenant governor Tejendra Khanna to order all district and police stations concerned to act immediately.The cases included six complaints of sexual harassment, four of police inaction, two against policemen and the rest related to crimes other than sexual assault, domestic violence and family disputes.On Monday, special commissioner police Sudhir Yadav was appointed nodal officer for receiving complaints regarding non-action on complaints of harassment, sexual assault and violence against women. The LG had announced the helpline number 9818099012 and even asked to email people at splcptraffic@gmail.com following the gang rape of Nirbhaya, as TOI has named her, on December 16.In keeping with the LG's assurance, Yadav is learnt to have met women rights groups on Friday. One of the measures announced on Monday involved a stocktaking exercise by Yadav in co-ordination with women rights groups and activists on the last Friday of every month at 4pm.According to the data collected by the police officials manning the helpline, 206 calls were made on December 25, the day after the announcement.\"The LG is reviewing the situation himself on a daily basis. All DCPs and police stations have been told to take action on these complaints and report the same,\" said Ranjan Mukherjee, the officer on special duty (OSD) to the LG.On December 26, the helpline received a distress call informing it about the abduction of a 19-year-old girl. \"The Seelampur police station was alerted and the accused was traced to Bulandshahr. The girl was rescued and brought back,\" the OSD said.Mukherjee pointed out that this case reflected the attempts to build co-ordination and quick response mechanisms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17806845", "title": "India-Pakistan set for ODI face-off but rain could be dampener", "text": "CHENNAI: Honours shared in the T20 series, arch foes India and Pakistan are now set for what is likely to be an exhilarating three-match ODI series showdown but weather gods could prove to be the dampener in the opening clash on Sunday.If the Twenty20 matches were any indication, the ODI series is bound to leave the fans asking for more but the only concern is the rain that has lashed the city and is not expected to relent even on Sunday.It has been raining in the city since Saturday night and the met office has predicted light to heavy showers for Sunday, which raises the possibility of the day match being called off without even a ball being bowled.But if the weather gods do smile, the two teams could set the temperatures soaring given that their key players seem to be in good form.For India, the biggest positive to emerge from the two Twenty20 games gone by was Yuvraj Singh's fantastic form.The left-hander was nothing short of inspiring with the bat smashing a 36-ball 72, which included seven sixes, in the second T20 and is set to be back in the ODI fold after the Player of the Tournament-winning show in the 2011 World Cup.But the top-order would be a concern given that both the openers -- Virender Sehwag and Gautam Gambhir -- have not been in the best of touch in the recent past. Both of them struggled immensely in the demoralising Test series defeat to England.Virat Kohli, at number three, has also not been in form to an extent and these three would have to get their act together for India to be dominant in the batting department.In the middle-order, it could be a toss up between Ajinkya Rahane and Rohit Sharma while Yuvraj and Suresh Raina are expected to make the rest of the batting line-up.On the bowling front, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, who made a dream T20 debut by grabbing 3/9, could be handed an ODI cap as well for his impressive show in the shortest format.After a decent outing in the T20s, Ishant Sharma would be leading the pace attack with Ashok Dinda and Bhuvneshwar as his likely partners.The spin department would be spearheaded by local star R Ashwin in all likelihood, even though he has been far from impressive of late.For Pakistan, it would be a change of leaders as Misbah-ul-Haq would be captaining the ODI side.The temperamental side, which is exceptional one day and ordinary the other, also has solid performers in the line-up and should prove quite a handful for the hosts.The openers -- Hafeez and Nasir Jamshed -- have settled down nicely into their roles. Hafeez, in fact, has been calmness personified in a mercurial team, as was evident from his Man of the Series-winning performance in the T20s against the arch-rivals.Old warhorse Younis Khan would lend the much-required stability, while the Akmal brother --Umar and Kamran -- will provide the spark in a strong middle-order.Pakistan have the clear edge over India as far as bowling is concerned with Umar Gul being the most potent pacer. Saeed Ajmal's spin has always troubled the Indians even though the hosts did take him to task in the second T20.With not much separating the two teams, it promises to be an exhilarating contest but the result could well be decided by the weather gods given the continuing rain in the city.Teams (from):India: MS Dhoni (Capt.), Virender Sehwag, Gautam Gambhir, Virat Kohli, Yuvraj Singh , Rohit Sharma, Suresh Raina, Ravindra Jadeja, R Ashwin, Ishant Sharma, Ajinkya Rahane, Ashok Dinda, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Shami Ahmed, Amit Mishra.Pakistan: Misbah-ul-Haq (Capt.), Nasir Jamshed, Mohammad Hafeez, Azhar Ali, Younis Khan, Haris Sohail, Kamran Akmal, Saeed Ajmal , Wahab Riaz, Junaid Khan, Umar Gul, Imran Farhat, Umar Akmal, Anwar Ali, Zulfiqar Babar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17802701", "title": "Menopause is not a disorder: Doctors", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Menopause is an unavoidable change that every woman will experience, assuming she reaches middle age and beyond and it is helpful if women are able to learn what to expect and what options are available to assist the transition, said secretary of Allahabad Chapter of Indian Menopause Society, Dr Vandana S Bansal. She was speaking at a CME on significance and relevance of menopause organised by Indian Menopause Society, Allahabad chapter.Dr Vandana said menopause usually occurs in the age of 42-58. The expert said that there is need of awareness about the problems and simple management of menopause among doctors and women of menopausal age.Gynecologist Dr Navneeta Banerjee said, \"Menopause is a natural stage of life. It is not a disease or a disorder, and therefore it does not automatically require any kind of medical treatment at all. However, in those cases where the physical, mental, and emotional effects of menopause are strong enough that they significantly disrupt the daily life of the woman experiencing them, proper management should be done which can simplify the process of menopause.\" She stressed on the need of proper health screening of women during menopausal age. Speaking on the new prospective in menopause, Dr Rama Mishra suggested women should discard myths, keep a proper perspective, know their body and recognise the changes. \"Have a clear understanding of available options to help you manage your symptoms, and pay attention to your health through good nutrition and exercise. Also, don't forget to educate your loved ones as well, as they may feel handicapped in not knowing how to support you through the menopause transition. Remember it's not the end of the road rather the beginning of exciting new times ahead,\" Dr Mishra said.A question answer session on menopause was also organised during CME to make people aware about menopause and related problems, several questions were asked by the audience on their day to day experiences with menopause. Club 35 plus coordinator Varsha Agarwal and Dr Shanti Chaudhary coordinated the session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17803240", "title": "It was coldest December night in past 58 years", "text": "LUCKNOW: As cold wave continued to lash the state on Friday, Lucknow recorded minimum temperature of 2.8 degrees Celsius, the lowest in the month of December in last 58 years. Earlier, the mercury had dropped to 2.2 degrees Celsius on December 31, 1954, and 2.9 degrees Celsius on December 26, 2011. Sarsawa in Saharanpur was freezing at 1.6 degrees Celsius, the coldest in the entire state as well as in the plains of the country. Muzaffarnagar recorded 1.8 degrees Celsius, Kanpur - 2.0 degrees Celsius, Najibabad - 2.5 degrees Celsius, Fatehgarh - 2.7 degrees Celsius and Agra - 2.9 degrees Celsius.According to the police, the extreme cold claimed 15 more lives in the state during last 24 hours, taking the toll this winter to 49 so far. Three persons each lost their lives in Mirzapur, Jhansi and Ballia followed by two in Varanasi and one each in Sant Kabirnagar, Chandauli, Azamgarh and Baghpat.Places where visibility dropped below 200 metres in the state included Agra, Bahraich, Lucknow, Sultanpur, Gorakhpur, Allahabad and Varanasi. While four flights - two evening flights from Patna to Lucknow and two morning flights from Delhi to Lucknow - were cancelled, the rail and road traffic were also badly hit.However, people got was some relief during the day when fog cleared in the afternoon making way for sunshine for a few hours in the city, but the maximum temperature during the day remained 13 degrees Celsius, 10 degrees below normal, for the second consecutive day.Though minimum temperature in the city on Friday broke 58-year-old record, the difference in comparison to Thursday's 3.1 degrees Celsius was only 0.3 degrees. In fact, minimum temperature on riverside or in places with lot of trees may have been lower than what was recorded by the Met observatory.When minimum temperature is five degrees below normal, it is termed as cold wave condition. And, when maximum temperature is five degrees below normal, it is described as cold day condition. The people in Lucknow are facing both cold wave and cold day conditions, which are prevailing for last three days.State Met director JP Gupta said that cold conditions will continue to prevail in the city and UP during next 24 hours. The minimum temperature in the city is expected to around 3.0 degrees Celsius. Think fog will also continue in the morning and night, and the visibility may drop below 200 metres. On Friday, minimum temperatures in various parts of the state were 2-6 degrees below normal, while maximum temperatures were 6-13 degrees below normal. Low day temperatures caused more discomfort to the people when they move out for work. The poor on the streets were also hit by the low night temperatures.The districts where minimum temperature was five degrees below included Lucknow, Lakhimpur Kheri, Muzaffarnagar, Kanpur, Agra and Saharanpur. On the other hand, the districts with 10 degrees below normal maximum temperature included Lucknow, Gorakhpur, Bahraich, Ballia and Kanpur.While severe cold is prevailing in the state for last one week, no rainfall has occurred so far. Rains in winter are good for wheat crop. The intense cold at present may harm pulses, oil seeds and potato crops. However, experts said, sunshine during the day for some hours, as it was on Friday, will be good for crops.The weatherman said that the western disturbance, which has hit the hill regions and is causing snow/rainfall, if manages to change the wind pattern can bring relief to the plains. It may also cause some rains. But as of now nothing can be predicted. The normal rainfall set for December is 12 mm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17805631", "title": "Matthew McConaughey and wife welcome 3rd child", "text": "Matthew McConaughey's wife Camilla Alves gave birth to the couple's third child in Texas on Friday.According to sources, Alves has given birth to a daughter.McConaughey was there during the birth and was ecstatic for the new arrival, TMZ.com reported.The actor had announced news of the pregnancy back in July, tweeting \"Happy birthday America, more good news, Camila and I are expecting our 3rd child.\"They couple already have two children: Levi (4) and Vida (2).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17805434", "title": "He's very bossy already, says Megan Fox of baby Noah", "text": "Megan Fox , who is yet to reveal the face of her first baby Noah, has revealed that the tot is fast developing his own personality.According to us magazine, the 26-year-old actress, who gave birth to Noah this September, said that he is very healthy, funny and very bossy already, and that he's got a very strong personality.Fox added that Noah is getting really chubby, the Mirror reported.Speaking about husband Brian Austin Green , who she married in 2010, she said that the 39-year-old actor does anything that she can't do at the moment because she is very tired.She concluded by saying that whatever is going on, Green does. He is the perfect father and with the tot at the moment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17802725", "title": "Cops bust burglars' gang, 5 arrested", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Colonelganj police on Friday busted a burglars' gang and arrested five members near Power House trisection. The police have also arrested a person who was involved in buying stolen jewellery and other articles.The police also recovered looted jewellery and articles worth Rs three lakh from them. The arrested persons were identified as Ashish Pasi, Atul Gupta, Pankaj Pasi, Anil Pasi and Nanha Pasi, all residents of Shivkuti.The police also arrested one Umashankar Kesharwani, a resident of Sweeper colony, on the charges of buying stolen booty. The police recovered five looted gold chains, 12 silver coins and silver ornaments worth lakhs of rupees from the hideouts of the criminals.Inspector Colonelganj said arrested burglars confessed having executed over a dozen burglaries in city areas.He added that the police have also received some tip-off from the arrested burglars on such gangs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17802348", "title": "Police reopen temple well where woman's body was dumped by husband", "text": "COIMBATORE: After a gap of 10 years, Karumathampatti police deployed workers to dig up a 130-feet deep well to locate the remains of a 20-year-old woman, whose body was dumped in it by her husband who murdered her. Unable to bear the guilt, the accused had surrendered before a village administrative officer (VAO) in October 2010. The well, which was not in use, was leveled in 2003 forcing the police to now dig and locate the remains which could be present at a depth of more than 100 feet. As of now, police have dug out mud and other material up to a depth of 25 feet. The work is expected to take about a month's time. \"Seven workers are digging the well with the help of a crane. We expect the work to be completed in a month,\" said K Kaliannan, inspector, Karumathampatti police station.Police said, S Alagarsamy, 40, of Sivagiri in Tirunelveli district, had married M Amutha from the same area in 1999. The couple was staying in a rented house at Ponnandampalayam near Somanur. The couple was working in a textile mill in the same area. He had developed an extra-marital affair with a mill worker and had planned to marry her.In April 24, 2000, Alagarsamy pushed Amutha into the 130-feet deep well located inside the Chenniandavar temple at Ponnandampalayam. Later, Alagarsamy went to his home town and told his parents-in-law that Amutha was missing. They lodged a man missing complaint with Karumathampatti police station.Meanwhile, the woman for whom Alagarsamy had killed his wife left him. He attempted suicide by consuming poison and was admitted in a hospital. He recovered and returned to his home town. He remarried and two children were born to him. They were working in a brick kiln at a village in Virudhunagar district.In October 2010, Alagarsamy surrendered before VAO Karuppasamy of Moppiripalayam village and confessed to the crime, saying that he was constantly haunted by bad memories of his dead wife. Later, he was produced before Karumathampatti police who registered a case against him under section 302 (murder) of IPC and arrested him. He has been lodged in Coimbatore central prison since.The well was not in use and was leveled in 2003. The devotees of the temple and the public of the village wanted the body to be removed from the well in the temple compound.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17807857", "title": "How to stay young", "text": "While ageing is a natural process, one you cannot stop, there are lifestyle habits you can adopt, which will help you look, as well as feel youthful! We list a few down.One of the most popular cliches \u00e2\u20ac\u201d drinking lots of water \u00e2\u20ac\u201d is the easiest and most affordable way to staying fit and young! If you consume a good deal of water throughout the day, it will be beneficial for your skin, as it will keep it hydrated and prevent wrinkles and break-outs.Simply eating right or having a balanced diet is not enough to keep yourself youthful. You need to keep your body active by doing cardio exercises. Running, walking, dancing are good and entertaining forms of exercises.Smoking is one of those dangerous habits, which rapidly ages your body and appearance. So if you want to look younger and live a longer life, stay away from cigarettes.Your face and neck are parts that age faster than the rest of your body. If you take good care of your skin, it can take away years from your appearance. Always wash your face twice a day and follow it up with a moisturiser.Just like your body, even your brain needs exercise, so that it remains active. To do this, get into the habit of reading. Keep challenging your brain by learning a new language or solving crossword puzzles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17802545", "title": "International conference on power, energy held in Arunachal Pradesh", "text": "GUWAHATI: The first international conference on power and energy of NERIST-2012 got underway on Friday at NERIST in Arunachal Pradesh.The two-day conference aims at providing a platform to share research in areas related to theory, development, applications and evaluation in the field of power, high voltage, energy and industry applications with a special focus on solar photovoltaics, energy supply for future, modelling of streamer discharges, smart grid and 1200 KV UHV transmission line in India and ethical issues.The former director of IIT, Kharagpur, KL Chopra, attended the programme as the chief guest and IIT, guwahati director Gautam Barua was the guest of honour. Markus Zahn, IEEE fellow from the department of electrical engineering and computer science, Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), USA, Hermann Koch, IEEE fellow from Siemens, Germany and N Murugesan, DG, CPRI, Bangalore also attended the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17804854", "title": "Shah Rukh Khan-Karan Johar to reunite once again", "text": "The two will usher in the New Year, putting an end to all speculations of a cool-offThis could well end all speculations about the so-called cooling off between Shah Rukh Khan and Karan Johar . TOI has learnt that the filmmaker and 'Bollywood diplomat,' is on his way to Dubai to usher in the New Year with SRK.In fact, SRK has just wrapped up his song sequence for Chennai Express and is on his way to Dubai, where he will join KJo.KJo's decision to fly out of the country is significant because he had also been invited to party with Salman Khan at his Panvel farm house.With the casting of his next film still waiting to be finalised and persistent rumours of how he may have distanced himself from SRK with an intent to cast Salman in his next, all eyes have been on KJo's every move.Especially since he has been meeting and chatting with Salman at various venues, adding grist to the rumour mills.However, in a recent interview to this newspaper, KJo made it amply evident that contrary to reports of a rift, he was still very close to his \"brother.\" \"SRK, Gauri and I are one unit,\" he had said emphatically.Even then, it has been a tight-rope walk for the filmmaker, who reportedly had to choose between the two Khans.\"Both Salman and SRK had extended an invitation to KJo. And though he took his time over it, he has finally decided to be with SRK,\" says a source close to the developments.Guess , it is all about loving your family, as he would have himself said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17803022", "title": "New provisions to protect flat owner's rights", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government recently incorporated strict provisions against the builders in the draft of Apartment Act to protect the rights of purchasers. With the mushrooming of residential high-rises and apartments in every nook and corner of the city, a provision has been included to safeguard the interests of buyers. The provision includes that if there is any damage in the flats for one year after giving the possession then the developer will be held responsible.According to the provision the developer will be liable to deposit the amount to residential associations of a particular group housing societies. To ensure that this is done in a proper manner, it has been proposed that developer will have to deposit Rs 5 lakh or half per cent of the construction cost in the residential societies account. After giving possession of two- third flats in a housing scheme, the developer will also be responsible for constituting a society's association within given time frame.A UDH official said, \"The urban commission has completed the draft and soon we will examine it. After this, it will be sent to the law department before sending it to state government for final approval.\"In the present scenario the flat owners deposit the maintenance charges to the developers for maintaining elevator, water supply, but after the bill is enacted the society's association will be responsible for all such activities.The bill also proposes that those staying in an apartment cannot make external changes or undertake any construction that can make it dangerous to live in the building. It also says that it is mandatory for the developer to monitor the daily maintenance of the apartment/s.As the state does not have any policy to protect the rights of buyers and developers of apartments, the department has drafted a policy in this regard. The act will also ensure that their grievances don't go unheard. The legislation comes at the backdrop of nearly 20,000 apartments under construction in the state capital itself.\"Paucity of space is leading to growing popularity of flat culture in the cities. We also studied flat ownership laws of other states like Delhi, Maharashtra and Haryana where the flat system is prevalent before preparing the draft.\" the official said.The state government drafted the bill in 2009 and after an approval from the cabinet referred it to the Centre. The Centre made certain observations and sent the bill draft to the state government to make the necessary amendments.Developers and residents have welcomed the state's decision to frame a law to protect the interests of those concerned with buying and selling of flats. \"There is an urgent need for laws and regulations to check malpractices,\" said Giraj Singh a retired bank owner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17802944", "title": "Low-key New Year revelry on cards", "text": "MUMBAI: New Year's Eve may be a toned down affair for the city's hospitality industry this year according to initial indications. Police have got only 30% of the usual applications from hospitality establishments to extend closing time on December 31, with many blaming the long list of permissions needed and intrusive conditions for it. Moreover, there have been no applications for cruise parties off the Gateway of India, despite the government announcing its approval for such parties for the first time since 26/11.Many Mumbaikars, especially Ganesh devotees, are also likely to wrap up parties early on December 31 and begin fasting from midnight as the New Year coincides with Angariki Chaturthi. \"Considering the significant event of Angariki Chaturthi, it does seem as if New Year celebrations will be low key this year. In any case, government policies have discouraged our members from operating late into the night. As a result, revenues are flowing into neighbouring states instead,\" said G S Kohli, honorary secretary, Hotels and Restaurants Association of Western India.\"Against nearly 7,500-8,000 applications last year, this year only about 2,500 establishments have applied for extension of closing timings,\" said Ahar general secretary Shashikant Shetty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17803237", "title": "Man dies in burning car in Itaunja", "text": "LUCKNOW: A man lost his life while he was trying to escape from a car that had caught fire at a flyover in Itaunja area on Friday evening. Police are trying to ascertain the identity of the person, who succumbed to burn injuries in the said incident. While the exact cause of fire is not known, preliminary reports suggest that the fire erupted due to short circuit in the wiring system of the car. Police ruled out the possibility of incident taking place due to leakage of inflammable gases like LPG or CNG, as the kit was not found installed in the car.According to the police, the person who died in the accident was heading towards Sitapur. The police said that high speed probably turned short circuit into blaze on the flyover and by the time the man could have stopped the speeding motor vehicle to escape, the blaze engulfed the front portion of the car. A fire tender was also called to the spot to douse the fire, which also interrupted the vehicular movement on the flyover.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17807811", "title": "Delhi gang rape: 13 days that stopped a nation", "text": "NEW DELHI: From Dec 16, when the 23-year-old was raped in a moving bus in Delhi, to Dec 29, when she died of her grievous injuries in a Singapore hospital, a sequence of 13 days that stopped a nation in its tracks:Dec 16 - The physiotherapy intern and her friend on the way back from a movie get into a bus at Munirka in south Delhi. She is gang-raped and tortured in the moving bus and her friend beaten. The couple is stripped, robbed and thrown out of the bus. Spotted by a toll plaza patrol vehicle and admitted to Safdarjung Hospital.Dec 17: Police arrest bus driver Ram Singh and two accused.Dec 18: The fourth accused held. Large numbers of people gather at India Gate to demand justice for the woman, battling for life.Dec 19: Doctors remove the victim's intestines, susceptible to gangrene. Protests continue.Dec 20: The friend identifies one of the accused as the rapist in Tihar Jail.Dec 21: Police apprehend a juvenile, identified as the fifth accused.Dec 21: As the young woman's condition worsens, hundreds, mostly women, take out a candle-light march outside 10 Janpath, the residence of Sonia Gandhi . Many women students and activists also try to enter Rashtrapati Bhavan.Dec 21: Police arrest sixth accused from Aurangabad in Bihar.Dec 22: Home minister Sushilkumar Shinde announces a commission to probe the gang-rape. Protests spread as police shuts down Raisina Hill, the seat of power. Police use batons, water cannons and tear gas at crowds, which stays at India Gate till late at night, some through the night. Some metro stations shut down.Government sets up inquiry to suggest ways to enhance women's safety in Delhi.Dec 23: The heart of the Indian capital turns into a battle zone as thousands denounce the gang-rape. Clashes between police and protesters leave many injured. Constable Subhash Chand Tomar dies. Metro station remain shut.The victim is on ventilator, her condition remains critical.Dec 24: Two Delhi Police officers suspended for not stopping the bus with tinted windows in which the girl was raped. Roads again blocked as protests continue. Authorities promise more measures for security of women. Prime Minister Manmohan Singh addresses the nation, calls for calm.Dec 25: Delhi policeman Tomar succumbs to his injuries.Dec 26 : Gang-rape victim flown to Singapore. Government asks a Delhi high court judge to probe the gang-rape and police lapses and suggest ways to make the national capital safer for women.Dec 28: Sonia Gandhi joins Prime Minister Manmohan Singh promise quick justice. the young woman's condition worsens.Dec 29: The woman dies in Singapore. Protests in Delhi as police barricade the area aroun India Gate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17805680", "title": "Vishwaroopam to hit screens as planned!", "text": "Amidst rumors that actor Kamal Hassan's magnum opus 'Viswaroopam' would be banned from theatres in Tamil Nadu after he went ahead with his plans to release 'Viswaroopam' on DTH network, looks like the film would hit the screens as planned earlier. The actor has revealed that 'Viswaroopam' would be released in in cinemas on January 11 for Pongal on his social networking page.After a lot of speculation about Tamil Nadu Theatre Owners' Association's decision to boycott Kamal Haasan's Vishwaroopam , due to the his decision to premiere the film over DTH, the actor confirmed today that the film will hit the screens. It is sais that over 300 theatres have showed interest.Kamal Haasan also confirmed that Vishwaroopam 's DTH premiere will be available on Airtel , Sun Direct, Dish TV , Videocon and Big TV. The premiere of the film is at 9.30 pm on January 10, a day before its theatrical release.Vishwaroopam has been written, directed and produced by Kamal Haasan and he himself plays the lead. Andrea Jeremiah, Pooja Kumar, Rahul Bose and Shekhar Kapoor will be seen playing pivotal roles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17803151", "title": "Lucknow University fee hike on cards, EC gives its approval", "text": "LUCKNOW: The next academic session may see a surge in fees being charged from college students under various heads, as a government order issued by the state higher education department has been duly adopted by the Lucknow University's executive council on Friday.The government order in question says that colleges affiliated to the Lucknow University will not appoint any permanent employees on posts that get vacant in group C and D categories. But, since the colleges will not be able to manage without this crucial layer of human resource, they can proceed with contractual appointment. This means that the colleges will have to generate funds to bear the financial expenditure on appointment of contractual staff. The obvious option with the colleges is to raise the fees, the burden of which will surely fall on students.In another decision taken by the executive council, students pursuing honours and conventional bachelors' degree course in humanities can look forward to a new medal appreciating merit. The medal has been constituted by Prayagdutta Chaturvedi, a resident of Mahanagar area in Lucknow. The gold medal would be awarded to the student, who scores maximum marks in BA and BA (honours).The EC has declined awarding of affiliation to BEd and BSc courses being run by Swatantra Girls Degree College. The decision was based on the inspection reports placed before the EC, which also examined the report regarding Dr SN Rai, a faculty member in the military sciences department, and empowered the vice-chancellor to take a final call in the case. In 2009, it was alleged that Dr Rai is not qualified to hold the post of a teacher in the department. A committee was constituted to probe the charge, which reportedly found the allegation true.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17803487", "title": "Women's commission flooded with harassment complaints", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Spurred by the uproar against alleged incidents of Delhi and Bhubaneswar gang rape, a number of women made a beeline to the Odisha State Commission for Women (OSCW) on Friday to file cases of harassment and torture against them.A 27-year-old call centre employee moved the commission demanding action against her engineer husband, who allegedly ditched her recently. She alleged that her husband beat her up in Chennai, where the couple was staying together, before she returned to her parental house in Bhubaneswar last month. \"The commission chairperson listened to my grievance and asked me to come again on January 2,\" she said.Thirty-year-old Sarojini Jena from Jajpur district knocked on OSCW's door demanding arrest of her husband Sukant Bhol, who brutally attacked her recently after she refused to give him more dowry. She was married to Bhol in 2010.\"My parents had given him dowry. But he kept torturing me. After throwing me out of his house, he attacked my mother on December 16,\" Sarojini said. \"Though we lodged a complaint at Dharmasala police station, police are yet to arrest him,\" she said.Soon after she aired her grievance to the commission chairperson, another woman from Jajpur area came to the commission in a tearful state, alleging some villagers attempted to outrage her modesty on December 24. In her complaint, she accused her mother-in-law and husband's brother of committing the crime.\"Since my in-laws were not happy with me, we (my husband and child) were staying in a rented house in Jakhapura area. Taking advantage of my husband's absence on that day, some villagers barged into the house and attempted to rape me,\" said the Sumitra Jena. \"The goons were sent by my mother-in-law,\" she alleged. Sumitra, who is pregnant, said the miscreants kicked her abdomen, causing her injury.OSCW chairperson Lopamudra Buxipatra said, \"We have sent the women to a shelter home. She would be provided medical aid. I will be in touch with the concerned police officer to expedite the investigation,\" Buxipatra said.A family from Kakatpur area in Puri district also approached the commission, alleging police were trying to hush up the death of their family member Saraswati Patra, who was found dead under mysterious circumstances last month. Saraswati, who had gone missing from her house on November 8, was found dead near her house on December 11. \"We suspect she was raped and murdered by two men of the same village. The duo had been harassing her since long,\" said Nagen Patra, a relative of the deceased. \"Though police registered a case, they are not arresting the accused,\" Patra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17802305", "title": "Telangana Congress MPs laud TDP decision", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress MPs from Telangana expressed satisfaction at the outcome of the all-party meeting held in the national capital on Friday. They also welcomed the stand taken by the Telugu Desam Party (TDP) in support of Telangana.Ponnam Prabhakar, Manda Jagannadham, G Vivekanand, S Rajaiah, Madhu Yaskhi Goud and Gutha Sukhender Reddy said that the meeting was the right step in the right direction.They added that Union home minister Sushilkumar Shinde , who presided over the all-party meeting, would soon prevail upon the Centre to announce a decision in favour of Telangana in a month's time.\"Proving his critics wrong, Shinde elicited the opinion of the eight parties on the creation of T-state. The home minister not only said that it was the last all-party meeting, but also announced a timeframe for a possible solution,\" Nagarkurnool MP Manda Jagannatham said. Karimnagar MP Ponnam Prabhakar said that Shinde had categorically stated that the Congress supported bifurcation of the state. The MPs said they would meet party president Sonia Gandhi soon and thank her for holding an all-party meet and spelling out the Congress stand.The T-MPs also welcomed the decision of the TDP. \"We are happy that the TDP took a decision in favour of T. Even the MIM did not oppose the division of the state. The YSRC is the only party which betrayed the T people,\" Ponnam said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17802186", "title": "VAT refund for SMEs in new industrial policy", "text": "NASHIK: The new industrial policy of the state, which is likely to be introduced in the next few days, will include around 80 to 100% refund of Value Added Tax (VAT) for Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs) while setting up a new plant or buying machineries, along with power and interest loan subsidy.The Maharashtra state government has already drafted a new industrial policy for the state and it is likely to be introduced in the next few days. Chief Minister, Prithviraj Chavan has also given indication that the policy would be announced in the next few days. With an aim to boost the SMEs, the state government has given several sops for the SMEs in terms of subsidies and tax concessions.\"The new industry policy will include refund of 80 and 100% VAT for small and medium scale industries, respectively, while building a new plant and buying machineries. Moreover, around five% interest subsidy will be given on the bank loans taken by the SMEs. For example, if the small scale industry is taking loan from the banks at 12% interest rate, the state government will pay five per cent in the form of subsidy. It means, the interest rates on loans will cost the company at seven per cent,\" the sources close to the development told TOI.The new industrial policy will also include the power tariff subsidy for the new industries. The subsidy of around 75 paisa to Rs. 1 per unit will be given to the new industries for the period of one year after commencement of operation. Around 25% of the total subsidy amount will be given every year during the period of next four years.The new policy will also include 100% stamp duty exemption while purchasing land in C, D and D+ zones in the state. The new SMEs, which are located in the limits of municipal corporations in the state, will also get 100% octroi exemption.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17803177", "title": "Badal seeks dismissal of US human rights case", "text": "WASHINGTON: Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal has sought dismissal of a human rights violation case filed against him in a US court on the ground that he was not served the court summons.In support of motion to dismiss the lawsuit against Badal, attorney Michelle Jacobs stated that since \"the defendant has presented clear and convincing evidence that Badal was not served so the case should be dismissed for invalid service.\"The dismissal plea was filed after two special agents of US State Department's Diplomatic Security Service told the Wisconsin federal court that Badal was not served with summons in the human rights violation lawsuit.The special agents have submitted sworn statements to the court where a New York based Sikh group, Sikhs for Justice (SFJ) has filed a case against Badal for commanding a police force that allegedly tortured Sikhs in Punjab.According to the sworn statements of special agents Martin O'Toole and David Scharlat, who were on Badal's security detail during his August 2012 visit to the US, he was \"not at the Oak Creek High School or in Oak Creek, Wisconsin on August 09, 2012\".Badal, who visited the US shortly after the Oak Creek Gurdwara shooting, was \"at the Boelter Superstore in Milwaukee\" at 4:50pm when according to SFJ he was served the US court summons.However, SFJ has said it was determined to continue with the case against Badal and has delivered the US federal court summons issued against Badal to the Central Authority of India as required under the Hague Convention.The plaintiffs have also requested the court to subpoena Badal so that he could be cross examined and identified in the court by the plaintiffs' process server who served the summons on him on Aug 9 at Oak Creek High School, SFJ said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "hennai", "code": "17807436", "title": "Chennai mourns rape victim's death with protests", "text": "HENNAI: Human rights organisations in Chennai are organising protests here to mourn the death of the Delhi gang rape victim, who passed away at a Singapore hospital today.Organisations including Sangama, Nirangal, Shakti Resource Center and Orinam will get together to form a human chain against sexual violence at Besant Nagar Beach today at 4pm.\"We want to express our condolences and grief. We also want to meditate upon why Indian society, and men in particular, are so violent and see what is our collective responsibility, what we should be doing as individuals,\" says Aniruddhan Vasudevan of Shakti Resource Center.\"It is not just a few organisations that are participating in the protest. Individuals who believe in the cause will also be joining us.\"Arvind Kejriwal's Aam Aadmi party Tamil Nadu is also organising a condolence march and event at Besant Nagar Beach today between 6.30pm to 7pm to condole the demise of the Delhi rape victim and other victims of rape and to protest against violence against women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17807208", "title": "No respite for Mohun Bagan, suspended for two years from I-League", "text": "NEW DELHI: Iconic football club Mohun Bagan was on Saturday handed a two-year ban from the I-League by the All India Football Federation for abandoning the violence-marred derby match against East Bengal on December 9.The decision was taken by the I-League Core Committee, which also declared all of club's matches in the \"I-League Competition 2012-2013 cancelled and considered null and void.\"\"The I-League Core Committee of the AIFF received the detailed Report dated 26th December 2012 of the Hon'ble Justice A K Ganguly relating to I-League Match No. 68 between Kingfisher East Bengal (KEB) and McDowell Mohun Bagan (MMB) played at Yuba Bharati Stadium, Salt Lake City Kolkata on 9 December 2012,\" the AIFF said in a statement.\"Justice Ganguly in his report has concluded that the decision of MMB for not playing the match after the interval cannot be supported on the grounds of Force Majeure and accordingly MMB has breached Regulation 22 of the I-League Regulation 2012-2013.\"The I-League Core Committee endorsed the decision of Justice A K Ganguly that MMB was in breach of I-League regulations and therefore in terms of regulation 22(c) the mandatory and automatic impositions on MMB (i) of being considered to have withdrawn from the I-League Competition 2012-2013 (ii) to have all its matches in the I-League Competition 2012-2013 cancelled and considered null and void (all points, goals scored and goal against being taken away); (iii) being disqualified from taking part in the next two (2) editions of the I-League Competitions; (iv) to return to the I-League any financial stipends that had been paid to it by I-League throughout the Competition 2012-2013 or forfeit the right to the same, are hereby notified to have been imposed upon and effective with immediate effect,\" the statement said.The more than century-old club, the most famous in the country with a rich history behind it that was in some way also connected with India's rise in nationalism in the initial phases of freedom struggle, however, would be allowed to play in Federation Cup - India's premier knock-out tournament - and other domestic tournaments, including the local league.Mohun Bagan will also not get a direct entry to the I-League first division and will have to come through the second division league, a top AIFF official said.This will effectively means that Mohun Bagan will lose four I-League seasons, including the current one (2012-13) in which it has played nine matches before the fateful derby, as it will have to play in the 2015-16 I-League second division to qualify for the 2016-17 top division.\"Mohun Bagan's ban will continue till 2014-15 season and they can play in the 2015-16 second division I-League to qualify for 2016-17 I-League first division,\" I-League chief executive officer Sunando Dhar said.Another top AIFF official said that Mohun Bagan cannot appeal to the Asian Football Confederation or the world governing body FIFA against the AIFF's decision.\"I don't think Mohun Bagan can appeal to AFC or FIFA. They can appeal to the AIFF executive committee. Of course, they can go to a civil court against the AIFF decision,\" the official said.The Kolkata giants had refused to take the field in the second half of their match against East Bengal citing 'security fears' after their key player Syed Rahim Nabi was hit on the face by a stone hurled from the stands. The star India player underwent a surgery to set right two fractured bones, and will be out of action for at least six weeks.The decision to ban Mohun Bagan for two seasons was the harshest handed to any football club in the country, old timers said.\"I have never come across any such long ban to any club in the country. There were bans on players and short ban, say one match or two match like that, never such a long ban. It is a bit harsh,\" one football expert said.The AIFF said that the core committee will meet again on January 9 to assess the quantum of compensation Mohun Bagan will pay to the stakeholders, including the I-League sponsors, for the losses suffered by them due to the abandoned match.\"The I-League Core Committee also decided that in the subject matters of 'quantification of the amount of compensation', 'extension of the suspension, if any' and 'additional sanctions and fines, if any', a meeting of the Committee be convened on 9th January, 2013 at New Delhi and M/s. United Mohun Bagan Football Team Private Limited be requested to place its view points in regard to the factors relating to \"quantification of the amount of compensation', 'extension of the suspension, if any' and 'additional sanctions and fines, if any',\" the AIFF statement said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17801332", "title": "'Counselling, support must for the disabled'", "text": "MUMBAI: Experts have applauded the 17-year-old deaf and mute girl's parents for promptly seeking help. The girl had initially alleged she was gangraped but later retracted her statement. Her parents had rushed her to a hospital and contacted the police without wasting any time.The girl's father told TOI, he believed his daughter when she narrated the incident to them.\"I wanted to be supportive of her and ensure that the person/s who had taken advantage of her disability and caused her harm should be punished.\"The girl's mother has been by her side throughout. The 17-year-old is currently undergoing treatment in Rajawadi Hospital and has been given police protection. The teenager's father told TOI that an NGO had approached the family to help counsel her.The director of academics at a special education institute, Priya Deshpande, said that if a family is faced with such a situation, they should first seek the help of teachers. \"Parents should take schoolteachers into confidence and seek medical assistance. The person should also be taken to a counsellor to get better clarity on the incident,\" she said.Psychiatrist Dr Harish Shetty also emphasized the need to rope in counsellors in such cases. \"Typically, the police inquire while counsellors elicit. With methods of elicitation, there is an emotional component, which can eventually bring out the consistency and validity in that person's truth,\" he said, adding that in most cases, the victims are under a lot of pressure not to reveal the truth. Here, it is essential that the person is given enough security.Deshpande added that special schools should teach children the difference between good and bad touch. \"We have special sessions where children interact with doctors and teachers are not allowed to be around. This way, they can ask about their sexual or reproductive queries openly and get a scientific explanation,\" she said, adding that her institute holds such sessions separately for boys and girls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17802038", "title": "Three lakh, gold looted from trader's house", "text": "CHENNAI: Burglars broke into the Nanganallur residence of a businessman, who is currently abroad, and made away with 3 lakh in cash and 100 sovereigns of gold jewellery.Police said granite businessman M Ashok's employee Chidambaram found the door of the house broken and rooms ransacked when he went to the house on Friday morning.An investigating officer said Ashok had locked his house on 48th Street in Nanganallur before leaving on a business trip. \"Chidambaram, who works for Ashok, visited the house on Friday and found the lock broken,\" the officer said. \"At least 3 lakh in cash and 100 sovereigns of gold jewellery worth 2.5 lakh has been reported missing.\"A gang of burglars broke into three houses and two shops and ransacked them and attempted to enter at least four other houses on Wednesday night. Police said they found clues indicating that the same gang could be responsible for the theft at Ashok's house.\"The criminals used the same methods and tools to break into the houses and shops,\" a police officer said. \"The gang seems to be operating in Velachery, Nanganallur and Tambaram.\"Officers have asked residents to inform the police when they go out of town so that they can keep an eye on their houses during routine patrols and by beat constables. Police are following leads picked up during investigation of Wednesday night's thefts to bust the gang and have intensified patrolling to prevent the gang from striking again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17801255", "title": "Centre promises Telangana decision in 30 days; Will Cong finally shed ambivalence?", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre on Friday said it would decide on the Telangana stalemate by January-end, triggering speculation that Congress may be finally ready to shed its ambiguity on the contentious demand for statehood which has divided sentiments in Andhra Pradesh , thickening doubts that Congress may find it difficult to reap the handsome tally of Lok Sabha seats for a third time.Home minister Sushilkumar Shinde told an all-party meeting that the Centre would decide on Telangana in one month. With 30 days appearing to be a rather short deadline for resolution of the nettlesome issue which has defied several shots at solution, political circles were immediately abuzz that Centre may have already made up its mind.The assessment was reinforced by TDP's support for the creation of Telangana and the reluctance of the YSR Congress to be a resolute dead-ender: something which would leave the onus of delay almost squarely on Congress.Congress's stand on Telangana has since 2009 fluctuated from near-total commitment to ambivalence, with the party wary of annoying any region in a state which was crucial for its back-to-back victories in Lok Sabha polls. While the ambivalence has persisted, there are strong indications to suggest that a school in the party favours decisively tilting one way or the other instead of persisting with the waffle.The stand of the TDP, a strong partisan of united Andhra until this year, should strengthen those who feel that the party should overcome its hesitancy that carries the risk of unpopularity across the state.Party MPs from the Telangana region have for long argued that the fear of backlash from coastal and Rayalaseema regions have been orchestrated by a handful of business interests, and that the Centre can cushion itself against any resentment by compensating coastal and Rayalaseema regions for the loss of Hyderabad fancied by Telangana champions as the capital of the new state.The 30-day deadline is also being viewed in the light of Congress's anxiety to start arranging the pieces for the chessboard of 2014 Lok Sabha polls. UPA sources said statehood was not out of question as it looked earlier, stressing that the Telangana region has 17 Lok Sabha seats which can all be swayed by the statehood sentiment.Although Telangana Rashtra Samiti, which has spearheaded the agitation for a separate state, will be a strong claimant for a thanksgiving vote from Telangana, Congress strategists feel that a favourable decision will put Congress back in play besides clearing the way for a possible post-poll arrangement with TRS.Although TRS dismissed Shinde's announcement and even accused the UPA of dilatory tactics, political circles feel that the creation of a separate state may soften it up.At the meeting on Friday, Congress maintained dual-stance on the issue, letting its leaders from Telangana and non-Telangana regions to voice their views.Sources said the issue may figure in the brainstorming session called Chintan Shivir in Jaipur on January 18-19.The Centre had announced Telangana on December 9, 2009, but rolled it back following opposition in Rayalaseema and coastal regions. The vexed pocket has since been in perpetual agitational mode, paralyzing normal functioning of the state.There are fears in Congress that dividing Andhra could fan similar demand elsewhere. Vidarbha in Maharashtra could see an immediate agitation. It may force Congress and NCP to make favourable noises since statehood during the polls can be a sensitive issue.Besides statehood, Centre has mulled other options for Telangana region, including setting up a regional development council with a development package while keeping it within Andhra Pradesh.Friday's meeting revived fears about the status of Hyderabad city which is situated deep inside Telangana and is claimed by proponents of T-state. Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen chief Asaduddin Owaisi lodged his strong opposition to Telangana while adding that any decision to divide Andhra should lead to creation of Rayala-Telangana (adding four districts of Rayalaseema to 10 of Telangana). He warned against compromising the status of Hyderabad, opposing UT-status for Hyderabad.MIM would prefer Rayala-Telangana, seen as a difficult option for the government, because Muslim population in Rayalaseema is high and would help the minority outfit stay relevant in the changed geography.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17803485", "title": "Quota in civic bodies notified", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government has notified reservation of offices of chairpersons of 97 NACs and municipalities for which elections are slated next year and invited objections and suggestions from the public in this regard within 15 days, an official release said on Friday.While Hindol, Attabira, Pipili, Junagarh, Digapahandi and Kantabanjhi NACs and Joda municipality have been reserved for Scheduled Caste (woman), Khandapara and Titilagarh NACs and Anandapur, Dhenkanal and Balangir municipalities have been reserved for Scheduled Caste. Nuapada, Kesinga, Jaleswar NACs, and Nabarangpur and Jeypore municipalities have been reserved for Scheduled Tribe (woman), while Padampur and Gunupur NACs and Phulbani and Rourkela municipalities are reserved for Scheduled Tribe. Chhatrapur, Khariar Road, Purusottampur, Khariar, Rambha, Tarava, Hirakud, Ganjam NACs and Paralakhemundi, Bargarh and Brajarajnagar municipalities have been reserved for backward citizen (woman).Similarly, Athamallik, Chikiti, Kasinagar, Nimapara, Kabisuryanagar, Banki and Nayagarh NACs and Balasore , Talcher and Deogarh municipalities have been reserved for backward citizen. Kotpad, Gudari, Gopalpur, Pattamundai, Buguda, Banapur, Hinjilicut, Soroda, Rairangpur, Patnagarh, Umerkote, Soro, Binika, Bhanjanagar, Kodala, Khalikote, Barapali, Kuchinda, Boudhgarh, Bhuban, Aska and Malkangiri NACs and Biramitrapur, Rayagada, Rajgangapur and Jajpur municipalities are reserved for women.G Udayagiri, Koraput, Basudevpur, Kamakhyanagar, Nilagiri, Karnjia, Polsara, Udala, Belguntha, Balugaon, Konark NACs and Puri, Sambalpur, Baripada, Bhadrak, Jharsuguda, Bhawanipatna, Jatni, Keonjhargarh, Choudwar, Kendrapara, Khurda, Sundargarh, Angul, Vyasanagar,Jagatsinghpur, Sonepur, Athagarh, Barbil municipalities are unreserved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17802710", "title": "Divisional commissioner takes stock of Kumbh works", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Divisional commissioner Devesh Chaturvedi on Friday inspected the Arail area and took stock of Kumbh preparations. Arail area comes under sectors 13 and 14.He gave directions to clip the chequered plates laid on the roads coming under sectors 13 and 14. He also issued directions to the executive engineer of PWD that chequered plates be laid in the area of sector 14.The divisional commissioner also inspected the upper and lower pontoon bridges of Chhathnag. Executive engineer of PWD told him that the laying of Chhathnag pontoon bridges would soon be completed. He also gave directions for temporary stoppage of sand mining work at Chhathnag.He also gave directions that the bank across the Yamuna be made in such a way that pilgrims coming to bath during the Kumbh Mela do not face any problem. He also gave directions that water should be made available in the toilets constructed near the Someshwarnath Temple.The commissioner also examined temporary hospitals that have been set up in sectors 13 and 14. Later, the divisional commissioner went to the Naini junction where the work of construction of foot over bridge and tin shades is going on. The tin shade that are presently being constructed can accommodate 20,000 passengers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17801188", "title": "Mines to be inspected thrice a year", "text": "PANAJI: The mines department has issued an order authorizing mines and geology department officials to enter and inspect any working mine thrice a year. The same is in reaction to the Shah commission report, said mines director Prasanna Acharya.\"The commission had commented in its report that inspections were not taking place regularly. The rationale behind this order is to ensure at least three inspections annually,\" he added.Sources said there could have been scope for a fourth inspection, but mining activity is shut during the monsoon season.The Shah commission had noted, \"The director of mines and geology has not carried out inspections of mines at least since the last five years.\"Only isolated cases, where they have received complaints from locals due to inconvenience caused by mining activity, have been attended. No regular monitoring and compliance of the regulations and statutes, as required, have been done.\"The mines department's order empowers its officials to enter and inspect any mine and survey, weigh, measure or take measurements of the stocks of minerals lying there.The officials specifically directed for the purpose also have the powers to examine any document, book, register or record in the possession of the lease holder. These officials include the director, assistant director, senior geologist, assistant geologist, senior technical assistant, technical assistant, surveying officer and other officers.\"Each working mine shall be inspected at least three times a year. The non-working, abandoned or mine under prospective working or under reconnaissance permit shall be inspected at least once in a year,\" the order states.The department has to maintain records of the inspections and other details of officials who carry them out. \"The report of the inspection shall be prepared within 10 days of inspection and one copy of it shall be maintained in the inspection file report for financial year and a scanned copy thereof shall be uploaded on the website of the director of mines and geology,\" the order concludes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17805555", "title": "Gang-rape victim's death: Need to stop the carnage, ex-Army chief VK Singh says", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former Army chief Gen VK Singh condoled the death of the 23-year-old gang-rape victim in Singapore and asked people to cut across party lines and come together to stop this \"carnage\".\"We live in our individual cocoons of comfort and hope something drastic doesn't happen to us that will shatter our little worlds,\" Gen Singh, who took part in protests over the gang-rape incident, said.\"Today, a major part of our collective soul has died and our voices can only helplessly express our anguish at what not just this brave girl has gone through, but what each and every rape victim goes through in our land,\" he said in a statement.Singh said physical rape is invariably followed by mental trauma unleashed \"by a society and a system that is cold, callous and completely insensitive to the plight of countless victims\".\"We are the people, and we have watched helplessly as the rot has set into every institution. In the greed for power and personal wealth, every rotten egg that has been laid by those who were entrusted with our governance since independence is today hatching.\"Along with millions of my countrymen I can only extend my deepest condolences to the family of the victim and to the families of all the others who have suffered in silence,\" he said.Gen Singh said, \"We must cut across party lines and society as a whole must come together to somehow stop this carnage.The laws are already there - it is our absolute failure to implement them that has brought us to this abyss,\" he said.Singh has been named in an FIR by the Delhi Police for his alleged role in protests against the gang-rape of the girl in a moving bus on December 16.The girl, who was admitted to the well-known multi-organ transplant facility Mount Elizabeth Hospital in Singapore in an extremely critical condition, breathed her last at 4.45am(2.15am India time). She was earlier treated at the Safdarjung Hospital in Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17803584", "title": "Chorus mounts to train girls in self-defence", "text": "LUDHIANA: Inculcating moral values in youths and training girls in self-defence were the crying need of the hour. This was the common refrain of participants attending an inter-faith meet to condemn the growing crimes against women.The meeting was organized in Sarabha Nagar in Leisure Valley on Friday.Lambasting Delhi administration for its inaction, the people strongly decried the brutal violation of a 23-year-old girl and stressed that youths should be sensitized and girls should be imparted training in martial arts in educational institutions and religious places.Jatinder Singh Sandhu, president of Gurdwara Sarabha Nagar, Durga Mata Mandir president Subhash Duggal and Gulam Hassan Kausar of Jama Masjid jointly endorsed the view of educating and training girls in judo karate so that they do not have to rely on anyone else for their safety. Sandhu pledged to start a project for women and children for this purpose in Gurdwara Sarabha Nagar.Chairperson, International Human Rights Organisation (IHRO), D S Gill described the current plight of women in India in context with the Delhi gang rape episode. He explained the situation was worse in other parts of the country. Gill pointed to instances of Faridkot Shruti case, Amritsar ASI who was murdered for defending his daughter from eve-teasers by an Akali leader, and suicide by a gang raped Patiala girl due to police apathy.Agriculture economist and chancellor of Central Research University, Bathinda, Sardara Singh Johl, emphasized that education should be based on moral values. He blamed the corruption, degeneration in politics and selfish attitude of the politicians for the utter lawlessness.Professor Manjit Kaur Bhamber, a social activist, also urged the need to educate girls about their rights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17803647", "title": "No goons at year-end parties, say police", "text": "LUDHIANA: Last year on New Year's Eve, youngsters pulled all stops, throwing caution to the wind while creating a ruckus. This year, the police will have none of that. According to authorities, patrolling has been stepped up in areas frequented by youngsters.Commissioner of police Ishwar Singh reiterated the commitment of the force to maintain law and order at all cost. \"We will not tolerate hooliganism on the roads this year. Areas susceptible to such hooliganism are Model Town Market, Ferozepur Road and Sarabha Nagar Market. While we have substantial presence in these areas, deployment will be enhanced during New Year's Eve,\" the commissioner said.Model Town Extension based businessman Gursimran Singh said, \"I believe that New Year should be welcomed in a sober way, not by drinking and creating hooliganism on streets. We also enhance the risk of accidents by drunken driving. The police should set up more check posts and tighten security.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17802994", "title": "Obscene SMS case: Mere disciplinary action will not suffice", "text": "This incident highlights how deep and serious the problem of sexual harassment of women is. If the allegation is true, here is a senior police official harassing one of his subordinates. And, despite being a policewoman herself, she is scared of pursuing a complaint. If the charges are proved right, mere disciplinary action against the ACP will not suffice. The police must then lodge a case against him and prosecute him. If those charged with the responsibility of protecting ordinary citizens themselves indulge in such criminal behaviour, how do we expect ordinary women to have any confidence that their complaints will be treated seriously by the police and that they will get justice from this system?Related story : ACP sends obscene SMSs to cop, booked", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17802015", "title": "Rights panel takes up Anisur Rehman remark", "text": "KOLKATA: The West Bengal Human Rights Commission on Friday took suo motu cognizance of the obscene comments made by CPM MLA Anisur Rehman against chief minister Mamata Banerjee and asked the DGP Naparajit Mukherjee to file a report within three weeks.Although the commission is on vacation till January 1, chairman Justice (retd) Asok Ganguly made a special appearance and passed the order. Sujoy Haldar, joint secretary, WBHRC said, \"Since the matter is unprecedented, the chairman came to work during the holiday.\"The commission has also asked the DGP to submit a CD of the television footage on Rehman's controversial speech in Itahar in North Dinajpur.\"The commission is of the view that the comment made by the CPM MLA is prima facie in violation of human rights,\" Haldar said.The CPM denounced Anisur's statement and publicly censured him. Party secretary Biman Bose said his party did not approve of such comments. Politburo member Brinda Karat said, \"We cannot condone such remarks and have made our opinion known in public.\"It was at the behest of the CPM leadership that Rehman had to apologise for his comments in a hurriedly-called press conference at the CPM headquarters at Alimuddin Street.The Trinamool Congress filed a privilege notice against Rehman and is contemplating a defamation case as well.While mocking the rape-victim compensation policy, Rehman had said: \"I would like to ask didimoni (Mamata) what her fee will be if someone gets Rs 20,000 after being raped.\"Calling it a shame on parliamentary politics, senior Trinamool Congress MLA Partha Chatterjee has attached video footage and newspaper clippings of Rehman's \"atrocious comment\" while sending the complaint to the Assembly Speaker.State panchayat minister Subrata Mukherjee felt ashamed that he has shared seat with such a person in the Assembly for all these days.Coming down heavily on Rehman, the Trinamool minister left it to the people to judge the kind of person they elected to the Assembly.Referring to the chief minister's announcement a month ago to give Rs 20,000 to a rape victim, Rahaman, who is also the chairman of the public accounts committee, had reportedly said, \"The government will do good to all ... farmers, workers, rape victims. This is the same Mamata Banerjee who went to South 24-Parganas and brought Champala Sardar to Writers' Buildings claiming she was raped. She takes up those hela fela girls (women discarded by society). I told her if you want to bring some girls, bring some good ones. There is no better girl than you ... We ask, didimoni what is your price? How much will you take for getting raped?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17801610", "title": "PIL against Section 144 at India Gate", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court has agreed to hear a PIL challenging the imposition of prohibitory orders in and around India Gate during recent protests against Nirbhaya's gang rape.Additional solicitor general Siddharth Luthra appeared for Delhi Police and justified the imposition of Section 144 on December 22, saying it was needed to maintain public harmony. A Delhi-based lawyer had filed the PIL against the home ministry, Delhi government and the police seeking a direction to declare the prohibitory orders as \"unconstitutional and illegal\".\"We are simply re-notifying the matter on next Wednesday (January 2),\" a bench of justices Siddharth Mridul and Pratibha Rani said on Thursday.During brief hearing, additional solicitor general Siddharth Luthra, appeared for Delhi Police and justified the imposition of prohibitory orders under Section 144 of CrPC (dealing with power to issue order in urgent cases of nuisance or apprehended danger), saying it was necessary to maintain public harmony.Anand K Mishra, a Delhi-based lawyer, had filed the PIL against the home affairs ministry, city government and the police seeking a direction to declare the prohibitory orders as \"unconstitutional and illegal\". Seeking framing of \"guidelines for imposition of restrictions u/s 144\", the PIL states, \"penalties be imposed on respondents\" for misusing law to curtail citizens' fundamental right to \"move freely and assemble peacefully\".Faced with sudden upsurge against the December 16 gang rape of Nirbhaya, as TOI has symbolically named the victim, the police had invoked Section 144 CrPC on December 22, to maintain peace and smooth traffic flow in and around India Gate in the city.The act led to imposition of \"unreasonable restrictions\" on peaceful assembly and movement of public at large and \"no one is allowed even to walk there,\" the PIL said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17801707", "title": "President asks India Inc for world class varsities", "text": "CHENNAI: President Pranab Mukherjee on Friday said the country needed more quality universities and urged industry to help build institutions like America's Harvard and Yale.He said the demand for higher studies was growing at an exponential rate and the country required more varsities to provide education that met international benchmarks.\"Our universities do not figure in lists of top universities of the world. We must change this,\" the President said in his keynote address to the 8th convocation of SRM University in Kattankulathur in Kancheepuram district, around 40 km from Chennai.\"The private sector has played a key role in higher education in other countries across the world. Many top universities, including Harvard, Yale and Stanford, were promoted by the private sector,\" he said. \"There is no reason why the private sector in India cannot help build similar world class institutes.\"Mukherjee also called for a regulatory mechanism for the accreditation of all educational institutions to ensure that quality was maintained. \"There is a clear, almost unanimous, view that higher education needs a systematic re-look, so that India can educate much larger numbers without diluting academic standards,\" he said.Paying tributes to \"some of the brightest young minds\" among the 8,000 graduate, postgraduate and PhD students awarded degrees at SRM, the President said the number of students seeking admissions in universities today far exceeded the capacity of government institutions.\"We need many more universities to be able to address the demands of higher education. And along with quantity, we also need to focus on quality,\" he said. Mukherjee said it was a matter of concern that many Indian students still chose to go overseas for higher studies. \"In contrast, ancient India had universities like Nalanda and Takshashila. They were recognised across the world as great centres of learning, and students from all over the world came to study in these universities,\" he said.The President urged students to stop being sceptical of private universities. \"Many students prefer education in old and established public universities as opposed to private universities,\" he said.\"To build the trust of the people, private universities must constantly prove themselves because they do not have the benefit of age. They must be able to promise students a good future and make sure that they fulfil the promise.\"Mukherjee said private universities should have a vision for the future and look beyond placements and financial considerations. \"Universities must demonstrate that they are in the field of education not for profit but in the interest of the public,\" he said, noting that standards vary from varsity to varsity.The President earlier awarded honorary degrees from SRM University to DRDO director-general V K Saraswat and eminent physician P R Goyal. Governor K Rosaiah, SRM founder-chancellor T R Pachamuthu and vice-chancellor M Ponnavaikko also spoke on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17804055", "title": "Delhi gang-rape case: PM Manmohan Singh condoles girl's death", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Saturday condoled the death of the Delhi gang-rape victim and expressed the hope that the entire political class and civil society will set aside narrow sectional interests and agenda to make India a demonstrably safer place to live in.He said it would be a true homage to her memory if the emotions and energies of the youth generated by the brutal assault on her are channelised into a constructive course of action.Deeply saddened by the death of the girl, he joined the nation in conveying to her family and friends his deepest condolences at this terrible loss.\"I want to tell them and the nation that while she may have lost her battle for life, it is up to us all to ensure that her death will not not have been in vain.\"We have already seen the emotions and energies this incident has generated. These are perfectly understandable reactions from a young India and an India that genuinely desires change. It would be a true homage to her memory if we are able to channelise these emotions and energies into a constructive course of action,\" he said in his condolence message.He said the need of the hour is a dispassionate debate and inquiry into the critical changes that are required in societal attitudes.Government, Singh said, was examining on priority basis the penal provisions that exist for such crimes and measures to enhance the safety and security of women.\"I hope that the entire political class and civil society will set aside narrow sectional interests and agenda to help us all reach the end that we all desire making India a demonstrably better and safe place for women to live in,\" Singh said in his condolence message.The Prime Minister said he prays for the peace of the departed soul and hoped that her family will have the strength to bear this grievous loss.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "ballia", "code": "17807700", "title": "Nirbhaya's village mourns death of its brave daughter", "text": "BALLIA: A pall of gloom prevailed in the native village of the victim of Delhi gang rape incident, who dies early this morning in a Singapore hospital.The cold weather wrapped with fog cover on Saturday morning failed to soothe the anguish of her family members as well as the villagers when they came to know that the girl is no more.The natives of this nondescript village near UP-Bihar border in Ballia district had been praying for the life of the girl for last 13 days.\"Our heart is weeping. Only hanging is not enough, we want to see the culprits to bear the same torture and pain that killed our beloved beti (daughter), their limbs (legs and hands) should be cut and they should be put on burning fire. We also demand stringent laws and effective implementation so that no one can dare to even think about hurting girls,\" said an elderly member of the family.The girl was born and brought up in Delhi where her father is an employee of a private firm. Her two younger brothers are pursuing their studies.To console the family members the local BJP MLA from Fefna constituency Upendra Tiwari also reached the village. \"Besides capital punishment to the culprits and formation of strict laws to put a check on such incident, I also demand a compensation of Rs 25 lakh to the family and jobs for her brothers,\" said Tiwari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17803666", "title": "Research students want stipend", "text": "AURANGABAD: The research students of the Babasaheb Ambedkar Marathwada University (BAMU) have requested the university administration to allow stipend for research work.The students had requested a stipend of Rs 3, 000 per month for M.Phil students and Rs 6, 000 for PhD degree students. \"The students face financial crunch during research, if monetary help is provided to the students it will help to facilitate better research work, \"said Sunil Rathod, president of Student Federation of India (SFI).Rathod said that in a circular issued by the university of Pune on December 24, students of both the faculties have been sanctioned the same amounts of stipend. \"We are requesting the same help from BAMU, \"he said. The stipend can be allowed funds according to the university rights committee.At present, there is no provision in the Marathwada University for providing any stipend or other monetary assistance for research or M.Phil students.\"No decision has been taken by the university administration for allowing the stipend for students. The proposal made by the students will be forwarded to the authorities concerned and will be discussed in the meeting, \"said Dhanraj Mane, registrar of the university.More than 3,000 PhDs have been granted by the university in 47 subjects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17800861", "title": "Gautam Gambhir, Virat Kohli in race for Test skipper", "text": "NEW DELHI: The debate over India's Test captaincy could be settled after the ongoing Pakistan tour of India, with Delhi stars Gautam Gambhir and Virat Kohli seen as likely replacements in case selectors decide to relieve Mahendra Singh Dhoni of his charge.With the two T20 matches ending tied 1-1, a victory against Pakistan in the three-match one-day series may yet give Dhoni a breather. But the Indian cricket board (BCCI) slowly seems to be acknowledging that it might be time to split the captaincy and blood a new leader in Tests.Voices calling for a change of guard have grown after India suffered a humiliating 1-2 defeat -- the first loss to England at home in 28 years. This followed disastrous tours of England and Australia -- both lost 0-4 -- which means India has lost 10 of the last 12 Tests played against quality opposition.While Dhoni's place in the side is hardly in question, cricket bosses are looking at a future scenario in the context of a new look India squad. Of the two candidates, Gambhir has displayed leadership skills as a stand-in skipper in ODIs and also in the IPL, but Kohli has been in far superior form this year.In the past, Gambhir has led India in six one-day internationals, winning all of them, and also captained Kolkata Knight Riders to victory in IPL-5. He is seen as an inspirational skipper who leads from the front, but his current patchy form may go against him.Kohli initially struggled against England in the Tests but a superb century at Nagpur won him many plaudits, including from Sunil Gavaskar, who said making Kohli Test captain could energize the side. He was also in outstanding form in the ODIs and T20s throughout 2011. At 24, he may seem a tad young for the responsibility but BCCI sources point out that Dhoni himself wasn't much older when he was appointed captain of the T20 squad in 2007, four years after his international debut.The trend of banking on youngsters is also seen to weigh in favour of Kohli. South Africa skipper Graeme Smith took charge at 21, barely a year or so after his debut for the Springboks in 2002. Likewise, England's Alastair Cook became Test captain six years after his debut while taking charge of the ODI team even earlier.Sources, however, point out that India's troubles are unlikely to be settled by a change of captain alone. Dhoni can hardly be blamed for the lack of incisive quick bowlers, the failure of spinners--England's Monty Panesar comfortably outbowled India's tweakers--and the indifferent form of key batsmen like Virender Sehwag, Sachin Tendulkar and Gambhir.On the other hand, a process of rebuilding is inevitable and Tendulkar's decision not to grace ODIs again points to the inexorable passage of time taking a toll even on legends. Tendulkar's final call on the Test format cannot be too far away and the BCCI is looking to prepare and even hasten change.Times ViewIt is indeed time that the selectors split the captaincy of the Indian team in the three formats. On current form and past track record, there is a very strong case for retaining Mahendra Singh Dhoni as the ODI captain and a reasonably good one for continuing with him in the T20 format.In Test matches, on the other hand, three successive series defeats against top teams, the last at home, suggests that MSD is not really up to the job.If the choice is between Gautam Gambhir and Virat Kohli, we would suggest going with Kohli. Not only is he younger and hence likely to be around for much longer, Gambhir is at the moment not looking entirely convincing as a Test batsmen, which could well weigh his captaincy down.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17800650", "title": "Road map for remediation of learning disabilities submitted to govt", "text": "NAGPUR: Having conducted a national seminar on learning disabilities recently, Mrs Khadija Iqbal Maimoon Memorial Resource Centre for Learning Disabilities and Rotary Club of Nagpur East (RCNE) had drawn some suggestions from the discussions of the experts. Based on these points, an action plan for remediation of learning disabilities was chalked out and recently submitted to the state government.Additional chief secretary for school education and sports in state government, JS Saharia, who was present during the seminar, had expressed concern over the condition of the children with learning disabilities (LDs). He had asked the experts to help the education department draw a road map for dyslexia remediation. Accordingly, a team consisting of radiologist Dr Madhusudan Sarda, technical director of dyslexia project for the club Arun Malani, entrepreneur SL Laddha, trustee of the resource centre Iqbal Maimoon and paediatrician Dr Rajiv Mohta prepared the plan which was recently handed over to Saharia.\"We understand the importance of making these changes in our education system to make it more inclusive and acceptable for children with learning difficulties. The suggestions will be examined for their feasibility and subsequently will be acted upon,\" said Saharia. He said efforts are afoot to make the necessary changes as soon as possible.\"Learning disabilities include a gamut of problems other than the ability to read and write, like attention deficit and hyperactivity disorder, auditory and visual processing disorders, autism , cerebral palsy and Down's syndrome. These are difficulties, not inabilities. This means that it is possible to bring these children into the mainstream by helping them develop skills to overcome these difficulties,\" said Dr Nisreen Maimoon, director of the resource centre. As the severity of the problem varies in different individuals, it is necessary to nurture the strength and help surmount the weakness of every child, she said.\"Since many of these children may also have problems ranging from physical ones like hearing difficulties to physiological ones like absence of hand-eye coordination, they need help from not only special educators but also from psychologists, paediatricians, neurologists, occupational therapists, speech therapists and audiologists among others,\" said occupational therapist from Government Medical College and Hospital Dr Sofia Azad, who is also associated with the centre.Suggestions for screeningSchools should be provided with screening forms and guidelines to conduct early educational assessmentsParents, preschools and day care centres need to be sensitized on noting down observations to help paediatriciansScreenings should be done at pre-primary, primary, middle and secondary schoolLD certification to be made available in more citiesRemediation:Schools can be equipped with 'resource centres' with services of psychologists, psychiatrists, paediatricians, neurologists occupational therapists, speech therapists, audiologists and other expertsIndividual Education Plan can be devised and help can be taken from resource centres outside schools. Teachers can be taught to utilize these plans with help of special educatorsHigher training of special educators associated with Sarva Shiksha AbhiyaanTaking help of 'shadow teachers', who are basically special educators, and play-way methodsAssessing and keeping record of developmental milestone of the childrenGovt policies should encourage inclusive education to bring these children into mainstream", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "17802974", "title": "Saurashtra's Leuva Patels get little share in power pie", "text": "RAJKOT: When it comes to sharing the fruits of power, the poll results have left the powerful Leuva Patel community of Saurashtra with barely any. Of the 11 Leuvas who have made it to the state assembly from the region, only four are from the ruling party and the rest will be sharing the opposition benches.Chief minister Narendra Modi inducted Govind Patel who was elected from Rajkot (South) constituency as a minister of state. Sources said that even if the BJP wants to give proper representation to Leuvas from the region in the government, it is faced with the problem of a limited choice.Most candidates from the community fielded by the BJP lost the polls, primarily because of the GPP that was led by community stalwart Keshubhai Patel.While sitting minister Dileep Sanghani lost to Paresh Dhanani of the Congress in Amreli, another minister Kanu Bhalala was trounced by Keshubhai Patel in Visavadar. Former minister Jasumati Korat also lost to Jayesh Radadiya of the Congress in Jetpur.Political analysts say that the impact of the GPP was visible in Rajkot, Amreli and Junagadh districts. The entire political campaign of GPP had centered on Keshubhai Patel and Leuva seats in Saurashtra.BJP's Leuva Patel candidates who managed a victory in the region include Jitu Vaghani in Bhavnagar (East), Keshu Nakrani in Gariyadhar, V V Vaghashiya in Savarkundla and Govind Patel in Rajkot (South).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17802819", "title": "New Year to begin on 'road safety' note", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: To inculcate a sense of road safety and create awareness among road users, the transport department will be celebrating the 24th national road safety week from January 1 to 7 across the district. The theme of the week this year is \"Stay alive, don't drink and drive\".Across the country, the week is being observed with many activities like awareness campaigns, enforcement drives and Kalajata programmes in the district, according to Md Saleem, deputy transport commissioner. Some of the programmes included in the weeklong celebrations are identification of black spots and their rectification, inspection of school buses, enforcement on helmet, triple riding on two wheelers, drunken driving and over loading, inspection of motor driving schools, refresher training to transport vehicle drivers, checking of passengers in goods vehicles, checking of pollution under control certification of vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17801281", "title": "Woman who set self on fire arrested", "text": "MUMBAI: A mentally challenged woman, who had set herself on fire at Sion station last month, was arrested by the Government Railway Police (GRP) on Wednesday soon after she was discharged from Sion Hospital. \"Sameera was booked under Section 309 of IPC for attempting to commit suicide,\" a Dadar GRP official said. \"A chargesheet will also be filed in the case,\" he added.Sameera stays with her husband, Arif, at Chirag Nagar in Ghatkopar. She had boarded a CST-bound local on November 26. Between Kurla and Sion stations, she tried to jump out of the coach. Other commuters pulled her back and alerted GRP personnel.Later she set herself ablaze with a matchbox she was carrying. The cops managed to put out the fire and rushed her to the Sion Hospital with severe burns. Officials said Sameera had attempted suicide on previous occasions as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17806622", "title": "Sudeep's chopper trip to Surpur", "text": "2012 was undoubtedly one of the best times for actor Sudeep. He not just marked his Telugu and Tamil debut with SS Rajamouli's Eega/Naan Ee, but the actor is also been receiving several accolades from eminent actors from Bollywood and south film industries. And it looks like the accolades has just not stopped.The actor, who recently visited Kukke Subramanya Temple, was invited by politician Raju Gowda to be a part of his birthday celebrations in Surpur. However, it is reported that Sudeep couldn't make it on time and Raju sent his private chopper to pick up the Eega star. It was reported that producer Shankar Gowda, GK Anil Kumar and actor Ravishankar also accompanied him to be a part of Raju's birthday bash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "samastipur", "code": "17802464", "title": "Samastipur sisters raise voice against tormentor", "text": "SAMASTIPUR: The nationwide protest against Delhi gang rape case gave confidence to two girls of Teera village under Kalyanpur police station of Samastipur district to raise voice against their tormentor. The girls approached Samastipur SP B K Sinha at his janata darbar on Thursday demanding action against their co-villager who keeps on passing lewd remarks on them.The two sisters also told the SP that they had earlier approached Kalyanpur police station but the police officers did not respond to their complaint.An officer present at the janata darbar said the girls informed the SP that the man, Sanu, had been harassing one of the sisters, a student of Samastipur College, for a long time.The girls told the SP that Sanu sends filthy SMSs to them and also abuses one of them on her cellphone. The villagers did not come to their rescue. The SP has ordered the police station concerned to arrest the man.When contacted on Friday, Kalyanpur police station SHO Vinay Kumar could not recall any such complaint lodged by the girls.Meanwhile, a teenage girl, Priyanka Sharma, was shot at in Azadnagar locality under Samastipur Muffasil police station on Thursday night. She sustained bullet injury and was undergoing treatment at Samastipur sadar hospital.According to sources, someone knocked at her door and when she opened it, the miscreants, probably two in number, opened fire and injured the girl. The police have failed to make any headway in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17807501", "title": "Anil Kapoor and Jacqueline Fernandez on Bigg Boss 6", "text": "It seems Bigg Boss-6 has become one of the favorite destination of Bollywood stars to promote their upcoming projects.The latest actors who will sizzle the Bigg Boss- 6 stage to promote their upcoming film Race-2 are popular stars Anil Kapoor and Jacqueline Fernandez.Sources inform Jacqueline Fernandez and Anil Kapoor were on the sets of Bigg Boss 6 to promote their movie - Race 2.While Anil and Salman went back in time to the days of 'Tezaab' and Salman made Anil say a dialogue from his old movie, the two had quite a lot of fun with Jacqueline around. The three danced together on the song 'Lat lag gayi' from the movie. Anil ensured that all that Jacqueline said in English was translated by him in Hindi. The two men also competed with each other for a task, which was judged by the beautiful Jacqueline.The episode will be aired tonight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17802526", "title": "Chief justice urged to take up custodial death case", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Visakhapatnam Civil Liberties Union (VCLU) president M Akbar alleged that the victim was brought in a critical condition to the hospital following severe police torture. Demanding a judicial probe, Akbar requested the high court chief justice Pinaki Chandra Ghosh, who is presently visiting the port city, to take it up as a suo moto case.Brushing aside allegations of torture, city police commissioner B Shivadhar Reddy said Srinivas was a known offender in Vizianagaram and Visakhapatnam.Caught on the backfoot, Vizag city police authorities also made wild allegations against the deceased in a bid to discredit him and hush up the case. According to the cops, not only was Srinivas a chronic ulcer patient, but he was suffering from AIDS as well and was notorious for threatening suicide whenever he was taken into custody. The cops alleged that Srinivas had become a vagabond after he lost his parents when he was a teenager and had even become an eunuch. \"After knowing the nature of the criminal, how can we torture or manhandle him. As he was suffering from AIDS too, we took all the precautionary measures while conducting the interrogation,\" said a senior Two Town police station officer.Police authorities said that Srinivas, who is understood to be the only son of a farm labourer, was a dossier criminal who was allegedly involved in many crimes such as burglary and robbery in various police station limits in Vizianagaram, Visakhapatnam and Bhimili and was also involved in a murder case in Vizianagaram in 1998.The police also alleged that he was involved in more than 20 house breaking cases in Vizianagaram Two Town police station limits alone and a DC (dossier criminal) sheet was opened against him in Vizianagaram in 1999.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17806832", "title": "Virbhadra allocates portfolios, keeps home and finance", "text": "SHIMLA: Himachal Pradesh chief minister Virbhadra Singh has allocated portfolios to nine new ministers in his government, an official said here on Saturday. He has , however, has kept important portfolios like home, public works, tourism and education for himself.Vidya Stokes, a known apple grower in the state, has got irrigation and public health, horticulture and science and technology, a government spokesperson said.The spokesperson said a notification in this regard was carried out by the government on Friday night.Kaul Singh, who was in the race for the chief ministership, has been given health and family welfare, revenue and law and legal remembrance.The portfolios of transport, food and civil supplies, consumer affairs and technical education have been given to GS Bali.Sujan Singh Pathania has got multi-purpose projects, power and non-conventional energy besides agriculture department, while Thakur Singh Bharmouri has been given forest and fisheries portfolios.Industry, labour and employment and parliamentary affair departments have been given to first-time cabinet minister Mukesh Agnihotri.Journalist-turned-politician Agnihotri has also got department of information and public relations.Another first timer Sudhir Sharma has been given urban development, housing and town and country planning departments, while Parkash Chaudhary got excise and taxation and printing and stationery portfolios.Two-time former Lok Sabha member and first-time legislator Dhani Ram Shandil has been made the social justice and empowerment and sainik welfare minister.Official sources said the cabinet still has two vacancies and these would be filled shortly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17805019", "title": "Telly highlights of 2012", "text": "MEGA AFFAIRTelevision viewers witnessed a mega music concert, Ninaithale Inikkum, on a TV channel this year. MSV's classic musical show saw Chief Minister Jayalalithaa, Rajinikanth , Kamal Haasan and other leading film celebrities in attendance. The event featured several popular singers including Yesudas rendering popular yesteryear MSV numbers.EXCLUSIVE!The Sneha-Prasanna wedding was one of the most sensational events to be telecast on television this year. Namma Veetu Kalyanam aired exclusive video of this high-profile function. The TV footage included the mehendi and sangeet ceremony at the wedding.SURIYA ON TELLYSuriya entertained the television audience with his hosting skills on the game show, Neengalum Vellalam Oru Kodi. The special episodes with his brother Karthi and dad Sivakumar were the highlights of the television debut of the actor.TALENT HUNTNalaya Iyakkanur has been a perfect platform for aspiring directors. Karthik Subburaj of Pizza fame and Balaji Mohan of Kadhalil Sodhappuvathu Yeppadi were discovered on the show. These two directors expressed their gratitude on the grand finale of this event. The latest buzz is that the show's crew itself will be producing a film for their latest season's winner, Nithilan.BIG FAT WEDDINGThe wedding of Saravanan and Meenatchi on the serial, Saravanan Meenatchi, was the much-talked about wedding this year. The wedding was a continuous three hour telecast on a channel. This was perhaps the first TV wedding for which even invitations were also printed as one of the promotional strategies! The wedding was shot at a huge house in Karaikudi with hundreds of people attending the mega affair.NEW FACE FOR NEWSNews reading has been presented by senior newsreaders all these years. But this new news channel changed the face of the news readers by introducing fresh talents in news reading. New-age youngsters have been doing a perfect job with their presentation of the news in a flawless Tamil accent. Sharanya is one of the noticeable newsreader amidst the newcomers.RAHMAN AT THE FINALEThis talent hunt for young singers has thrown up many thrilling final episodes. The latest season's finale was extra special with A R Rahman's presence. His honest and positive feedback to encourage the children was the main highlight of the grand finale.KUTTI HOSTThe talented Parvathy, a six-year old, did a brilliant job as the host of Attakathi. A source from the channel says that she finishes the shoot in just one take and anchors the show with ease.SHE IS BACK!Swarnamalya, the talented host who has been active with serials, was not anchoring shows for a while. She is back with a bang with Kudumba Thirai Puthir, a cinema-based game show. We hear that the anchor was busy with her dance school work all these months and that was the reason behind her break from the small screen.RADIKAA HOUR9.30 pm is officially 'Radikaa hour' in south Indian homes. The small screen's undisputed queen has been rocking with her mega hit serials. This year too, her Chellame has been running successfully on the small screen crossing more than 800 episodes. Interestingly, this story did not just focus on the city but also presented to viewers the beautiful sights in Kumbakonam, Pazhani, Kodaikanal and Kerala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17801422", "title": "Sharad Pawar's word of advice to President Pranab Mukherjee's son", "text": "MUMBAI: Union agriculture minister and NCP chief Sharad Pawar has a \"word of advice\" for former cabinet colleague and President Pranab Mukherjee's son, Jangipur Congress MP Abhijeet, as well as other politicians who seem to have taken umbrage at the spontaneous protests against crime against women.Without naming Abhijeet, Pawar said, \"When situation becomes intolerable, citizens come on road to register their protest. The public outrage is natural.\" The statement to this effect was made by Pawar at the inauguration of the party's renovated office here on Friday, a day after Abhijit made a controversial remark on the Delhi gangrape protest, calling the agitators \"pretty pretty women, highly dented and painted\".The NCP patriarch's statement assumes significance in the backdrop of controversial remarks made made by Congress MP Abhijeet.The Congress MP on Thursday had created a storm when he questioned the intent of the protestors in Delhi and called them publicity seeking 'dented and painted women'. After a country wide outburst the President's son had to finally apologise as his own family members took offence to remark made against the women fraternity. While the Congress wanted people to 'forgive' and 'forget' it was clear that the UPA's own ally was not willing to forgive Abhijeet for his remark.The NCP chief seems to be unhappy with the overall situation of the nation. \"The present unrest in the country is worrisome,\" said Pawar. who is a senior ally of the ruling UPA government in the Centre.Taking cognizance of the public outrage in Delhi, Pawar advised his partymen, especially ministers in the DF government in the state, to take \"aggressive steps\" to ensure women's safety and also to deal with other issues related to them. He also reminded his party rank and file members that they had a social responsibilities and that politics was not restricted to mere votes.Supporting state home minister R R Patil's recommendation to the Centre to implement strict punishment for those involved in crimes against women, Pawar said, \"The Union government should take ahead such proposals to curb assault on women.\" The Delhi rape victim will recover, but we are worried about the girl's future.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17802881", "title": "Khadi mela a big hit with all people", "text": "PATNA: Be it winter wear, footwear, fashion accessories or cutlery, the 'Rashtriya Khadi and Saras Mahotsav 2012' has everything for everyone. In fact, the 'mahotsav' is more an open air supermarket where after shopping to your satisfaction and treating your taste buds with spicy food, you could enjoy the bliss of cultural events on the same premises.Gone are the days when khadi used to men's favourite, as the crowd of women too were seen thronging the stalls selling khadi dress materials and taking their pick. Khadi silk saris ranging from Rs 1,000 to Rs 5,500 and suit materials from Rs 500 to Rs 2,000 attracted women and girls, as they looked elegant and were reasonably priced. However, the fair has more to please men as a number of stalls are offering variety of dress materials for men.At the stall of Gram Seva Sansthan of Fatehpur, Uttar Pradesh, Ashok Kumar has a number of khadi items exclusively for men, of course without pinching their pockets. Elegant and trendy sweaters ranging from Rs 570 to Rs 850 can add variety to your wardrobe. Also, warm gowns from Rs 900 to Rs 1380 is enough to beat the chill of winter in a stylish manner. 'Bandis' for men can be obtained for Rs 750 to Rs 900 and stylish jackets for Rs 1,800 to Rs 2,500. According to Kumar, these items are liked by many.Winter wears offered by Roof Ahmad from Jammu &amp; Kashmir, despite high rates, are attracting buyers. Pashmina shawls for as high as Rs 15,000 have got plenty of buyers and beautiful Kashmiri 'pheran' ranging from Rs 950 to Rs 4500 have become favourite of women.Silk too offers plenty to please men at this 'mahotsav' as silk shirts can be bought for just Rs 300 to Rs 600. Besides shirts, silk 'sherwani' too will put a smile on the face as they can be bought for just Rs 3,200. Besides men, women also make a beeline for the stall put up by Bhagalpur Resham Bunkar Khadi Gramudhyog Sangh as tassar saris ranging from Rs 1,900 to Rs 5,400 attract many. Also, silk cotton suit materials at a fixed price of Rs 1,800 and tassar suit materials at Rs 3,850 are on sale at this stall.Very few people know that Kolkata Khadi Gram also deals in leather bags, purse and footwear. Gents' wallet and purse can be bought for Rs 250 to Rs 3,500, while ladies can make a style statement with purse ranging from Rs 350 to Rs 1,900. Also trendy men's leather footwear can be obtained from this stall for Rs 250 to Rs 650. However, for ladies, it is a bit cheaper ranging from Rs 150 to Rs 300.There are plenty of jute articles at the 'mahotsav' which can please girls looking to make a fashion statement. Trendy jute jewellery priced at just Rs 40 per set can be the best gift ever given to a girl. In fact, tinkling jute and stone necklace for just Rs 250 are worth buying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17803486", "title": "'Crorepati' draftsman raided", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Vigilance sleuths here on Friday conducted simultaneous raids on the offices and houses of draftsman of superintending engineer, central irrigation circle, Pravakar Prusty. \"The total movable and immovable assets detected during the search was calculated to be nearly Rs 1 crore,\" said a vigilance officer. \"The assets were found recorded in his name and that of his family members,\" the officer said.The raiding officials found Prusty owning two multi-storey residential buildings at Satabdi Nagar and Paikab Nagar in Bhubaneswar, worth around Rs 61 lakh. He also owns a shop at Amrita Shopping Complex at CRP Square here.\"Movable assets like, household items, an SUV, two scooters totaling Rs 16,17,414; articles and machineries in the shop worth Rs 21,10,299; gold and silver ornaments worth Rs 65,700; deposits in different banks to the tune of Rs 1,90,641 and hard cash of Rs 52,595 were recovered during the search,\" an official release said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17801029", "title": "Forty teams for Mahindra Youth Football Challenge", "text": "MUMBAI: More than 40 leading football playing schools from the city will lock horns in the Mumbai leg of the third edition of the country's largest under-14 school football tournament -- the Mahindra Youth Football Challenge ( MYFC), starting January 3.The third intra-city leg of the football tournament-cum-talent hunt will see teams competing to bag the honour of the \"Champion School\" of Mumbai. The winner will then compete with five other champion schools from Bangalore, Goa, Kolkata, Delhi and Kerala to decide the winner of the Mahindra Youth Football Challenge. The Intra-city legs have already concluded in Bangalore, Delhi, Kolkata, Kerala and Goa.The winners from each city will receive Rs. 30,000, the runners-up team, Rs. 20,000 and the 3rd placed winner Rs. 15,000. The teams that reach the last eight stages will be provided with kits, while the winners and runners-up teams will be awarded trophies with each player from these teams getting a kit bag.Similarly, there will be a 'Star Performer of the Game' trophy for each match from the quarterfinal stage and 'Best Player of the Tournament' Trophy to be won.Going ahead, the national champion school will receive a cash prize of Rs 50,000, along with the winner's trophy, while the runner-up team will win a cash prize of Rs 30,000 and a trophy.Among the top 40 schools invited to participate in the championships are fancied names that include defending champions Don Bosco, Matunga, runner up St Francis D'Assisi, Borivali, Campion School, Colaba, Cathderal &amp; John Cannon HS, Fort, St Joseph High School, St Lawrence High School, Borivali &amp; St Mary's ICSE, the name of few.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17807234", "title": "Narendra Modi says Gurukul is best", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi described the ancient residential Gurukul system of education as 'Plus One'. It upholds the nation's spiritual values in which the disciples acquire knowledge under the direct tutelage of the guru.Modi was speaking at Sadguru Vandana Mahotsav at Chharodi to revive the Gurukul system of education and make it relevant for the modern times.He also spoke highly about the contribution of Sant Shri Jogiswami on his 108th birth anniversary at the Swaminarayan Gurukuk Vidya Pratishthanam (SFVP).Modi said he had begun his march of public life as first term as the Chief Minister in 2001 after seeking the blessings of the Narmada. He felt a divine peace in the august presence of saints as he sought their blessings to be able to continue to serve the people. He was also profusely felicitated on this occasion by the saintsModi said that he owed his success at the battle of ballots with a hat-trick to the blessings of the saints and good wishes of six-crore people of Gujarat, imbibing the rich spiritual culture. He said that although spiritualism is for self-atonement and social service for the humanity, there is no conflict between the two.He invited the disciples of Swaminarayan sect, attending the function from different parts of India and abroad, to attend the Vibrant Gujarat Global Summit at the majestic Mahatma Mandir premises at Gandhinagar and Rann Utsav in Kutch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17801365", "title": "Former railway officer gets 3-year rigorous imprisonment for graft", "text": "MUMBAI: A special judge for a CBI case in Mumbai has convicted a former senior railway officer, Arvind Vijeta Mittal, and his wife, Anjali Mittal, under the Prevention of Corruption Act for demanding and accepting bribes and amassing assets worth over Rs 12 lakh, disproportionate to the officer's known source of income.Arvind, a former division engineer for Central Railway, was sentenced to three years' RI with a fine of Rs 75,000.The court sentenced Anjali to one year rigorous imprisonment with a fine of Rs 50,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17801290", "title": "Maharashtra asks experts to select best offshore site for Shivaji statue", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government has instructed the Maharashtra Maritime Board (MMB) and experts from two agencies\u00e2\u20ac\u201dNational Environmental Engineering Research Institute (NEERI) as well as National Institute of Oceanography\u00e2\u20ac\u201dto conduct a thorough study of the three sites selected for the installation of a 321-ft-high statue of Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj in the Arabian Sea. The statue of the Maratha warrior king would be on the lines of the Statue of Liberty in the United States .After inspecting the location for the memorial on Friday, guardian minister for island city and senior NCP leader Jayant Patil said, \"All the three sites are in the middle of the sea. We have asked experts to find out the strength of the rocks on which the statue would stand.\"The minister was accompanied by Bharat Yamsanwar, principle architect and founder of Team One Architects, MMB CEO Shyamsunder Shinde and representatives of NEERI as well as the National Institute of Oceanography.Patil told TOI, \"The report is expected in three weeks. Once the report is ready, the committee will meet in January to decide the future course of action.\"Two days ago, TOI first reported that Patil, senior government officials and representatives of agencies related to the construction of the statue would inspect the sites on December 28.The Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj memorial is proposed to be spread across nine acres of land. Of this, one acre will be used for the statue and the remaining eight will house an amphitheatre, an exhibition gallery, museums, garden, food court and a library. \"The plan even proposes two helipads to make it a world-class memorial,\" a senior Mantralaya official said.The Shiv Sena is in favour of the statue, but doubts the intention of the Congress-NCP government. Sena MLC Anil Parab said the Congress-NCP had promised to erect a statute of the Maratha warrior in their 2004 poll manifesto. \"The government is speeding up the project now to divert people's attention from core issues.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17803398", "title": "Jharkhand railway stations hike prices of food items", "text": "RANCHI: Prices of food items at all railway stations and divisions in the state have been increased from Thursday evening. Now the standard tea at the railway stations in Ranchi would cost Rs 5 each and the ones with tea bags would cost Rs 7 each. These were sold for Rs 3 and 4 each earlier. Coffee which was earlier sold at Rs 5 would now sell at Rs 8 at the stations.A one litre bottle of water would cost Rs 15 in place of Rs 12. Bottles of 0.5 litre water would also be introduced at the railway stations in the state which would cost Rs 10 each.Vegetarian breakfast at the stations would cost Rs 25 as against Rs 18 earlier. The same would be sold for Rs 30 in a train which earlier sold it for Rs 22. Non-vegetarian breakfast would cost Rs 30 as against Rs 22 at the stations earlier. The same would be sold for Rs 35 in a train which was sold for Rs 30 earlier.The standard meal (vegetarian) would be sold for Rs 45 as against Rs 35 earlier. The same standard meal (non-vegetarian) would be sold for Rs 50 which was sold for Rs 40 earlier. It would cost Rs 5 more in pantry cars. The vegetarian thali meal would cost Rs 35 in place of Rs 22. The non-vegetarian thali meal would cost Rs 40 as against Rs 30 earlier.The janta khana at the stalls would be sold for Rs 15 in place of Rs 10. The same food would be sold at Rs 20 at the pantry. The prices have been hiked in a decision by the railways board.Arjun Majumzar, assistant commercial manager Ranchi division, said: \"All the railway stations have been sent the revised price sheet. It would be properly displayed soon.\"The railway authorities said people can complain to the authorities if any stall owner charges them more than the quoted prices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17803420", "title": "Firearms, sharp weapons banned", "text": "LUDHIANA: Following the recent assault on a senior police official at a city night club, the police have banned firearms and sharp edged weapons at gatherings, particularly parties. Permission for organizing parties has been made mandatory for restaurants and hotels. Besides, police have instructed managements of hotels and restaurants to make adequate parking arrangements to prevent traffic snarls.Ludhiana commissioner of police Ishwar Singh banned carrying firearms and sharp edged weapons from December 28 to January 26 under Section 144 of the criminal procedure code on Friday. According to the police commissioner, those who want to organize parties on New Year's Eve would need to seek permission from the local police. Organizers would have to make sure that no person coming to the party carried firearms or sharp edged weapons.Ishwar Singh also directed owners of hotels and restaurants to ensure that guests did not park their vehicles on the road, holding up traffic. High volume music has been banned from 10pm to 6am in line with Supreme Court directions.\"People generally carry licensed weapons to parties. They create a ruckus after drinking there is fear of misuse of such weapons. The ban has been imposed for the safety of residents,\" the police commissioner said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17804152", "title": "Braveheart gang rape victim wanted to live", "text": "NEW DELHI: Fighting with great fortitude and courage after sustaining grievous injuries, the 23-year-old gang-rape victim had expressed her intention to live and wanted her tormentors to be brought to justice.\"I want to live,\" the girl had told her brother and mother when they first met her on December 19, three days after she was brutally gang-raped and assaulted in a moving bus in south Delhi.During the entire process of her treatment, the girl remained communicative through signs most of the time, spoke to her parents and gave statements to a magistrate not once but twice.The paramedical student was courageous and brave throughout the treatment period and even expressed some thoughts about her future when psychiatrists assessed her thrice during her 10-day treatment at the Safdarjung Hospital.She also gave a \"brave statement\" to a sub-divisional magistrate on December 21 in which she gave details about the incident and the sequence of events which was also corroborated with the statement given by her male friend who was with her in the bus.When the statement landed in a controversy, she again narrated the incident to the magistrate and expressed her wish that the men who brutally raped and assaulted her be brought to justice.Doctors have been lauding the spirit of the girl calling her \"brave\" especially as she withstood the extensive treatment that she underwent since December 16.The victim, whom doctors described as \"psychologically composed and optimistic about future\", had shown signs of improvement during treatment but her condition worsened on Christmas night after her pulse rate plummeted for a brief period and was shifted to Singapore hospital.The girl, who was rushed to Safdarjung Hospital on December 16, underwent two major and one minor surgeries in the past 10 days during which major part of intestine was removed.The 23-year-old victim has been on ventilator for majority of her stay in the hospital, except for two days when she was taken off ventilator and started breathing on her own.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "17803281", "title": "Ranji Trophy: Mumbai take on Gujarat with eye on knockouts", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: From a hopeless situation, Mumbai suddenly find themselves having a chance to qualify for the quarterfinal.Thanks to their narrow seven-run win over Madhya Pradesh at Indore -- the first win of the season for the 39-time Ranji champions in what was their penultimate group stage match -- the Ajit Agarkar-led side is still in with a chance to make it to the knockouts. But the task is not that easy.They face a formidable opposition in Gujarat in their final group match, beginning at the DY Patil Stadium in Nerul from Saturday. The youthful side, with former India opener-wicketkeeper Parthiv Patel at the helm, has looked a much improved outfit this season. They are also coming into this match with back-to-back wins, including one against group-toppers Punjab.While Mumbai currently lie fourth in the nine-team Group A table with 20 points, Gujarat are second in the ladder with 21 in their kitty. Madhya Pradesh too have 20 points like Mumbai, but are placed third thanks to their two outright wins as against just one for Mumbai. Saurashtra are fifth, with 17 points.For Mumbai to go through, they must at least take the first innings lead against Gujarat. They might still make it even if they fail in that, but for that Saurashtra have to beat MP outright, which is a bit too much to expect as the game is in Rajkot where the wicket is really flat.Skipper Agarkar knows this match is like a knockout before the knockouts for Mumbai. \"We know where we stand, and can't leave anything to chance. Positive thinking is the need of the hour. We are not looking at taking just a first innings lead, we will go for a win. The win (over MP) has rejuvenated all of us, it has given us hope. We have to make the most of it,\" the former India all-rounder said.Mumbai pace spearhead Zaheer Khan , who played a key role in that win with a five-wicket haul, suffered a hand injury on the final day of the match. But much to Mumbai's relief, he showed no discomfort while bowling during the nets on Friday afternoon. \"His hand's fine, he's fit to play,\" Agarkar confirmed. \"The DY Patil wicket normally helps seamers, so he will have a big role to play. In fact, we feel more at home here because we have a fair idea of the conditions, thanks to the many Times Shield matches we have played here.\"Unlike the hosts, who have had a patchy season so far, Gujarat have looked pretty impressive. After a sedate start, their investment on youth has paid off for them. Their batting has looked solid, and the bowlers have often complimented their batters' efforts.Skipper Parthiv is among the top four run-getters this season (747 runs @ 67.90), while Rakesh Dhurv has been quite effective with his left-arm spin (35 wickets from 7 matches with a best of 8/31). Then there is Manprit Juneja, who has already amassed 692 runs this season that includes three tons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17802805", "title": "Digha rail line shouldn't be dismantled: Expert", "text": "PATNA: The 10km-long R-Block-Digha Ghat rail line is in the news once again as the state government has yet again demanded the R-Block-Digha Ghat railway land for converting it into a four-lane expressway.CM Nitish Kumar personally made this request to railway minister Pawan Kumar Bansal in New Delhi on Wednesday. Earlier, Kumar had made this request to former railway minister Mamata Banerjee in view of huge traffic on the main streets in Patna.Railways has agreed in principle to transfer this 148-year-old railway line's land to the state government for building a four-lane expressway but railways has demanded equal value of land from the state government either in Hajipur or in Patna for building railway officers' houses or developing its network in Bihar, sources said.A section of technical experts of railways, however, do not favour dismantling of this rail line. According to them, the road traffic in Patna has already reached a saturation point. Thus, railway traffic seems to be the only alternative mode of transport in Patna. Railways must run either circular or metro rail all along this route to cater to the needs of common people in Patna, they said.According to former chief engineer and technical expert of railways G N Sahay, railways is likely to face most difficult situation to deal with rail traffic after commissioning of the Digha-Sonepur rail bridge sometimes in 2016. The existing Digha- Patna railway line would be the only option as an important interchange point for various streams of traffic. Besides, this rail line could be used in case of accident or derailment for transporting passengers from Digha end either to Danapur or Patna Junction, he said.That apart, the Digha-Patna Ghat needs to be developed as a circular railway service or ring railway service on the pattern of Kolkata or Delhi to decongest heavy traffic flow of commuters. Instead of dismantling railway tracks at a stretch of about 10 km, railways and the state government should work out a common programme to improve the traffic system in Patna which goes haywire every day during peak hours, Sahay said.Meanwhile, a recent survey carried out by railways revealed that the Patna-Digha rail link, which has virtually no traffic volume, has become unsafe for traffic movement due to various mishaps on tracks. Stray animals and men often come under the wheels of the train as the entire route is open and vulnerable. Besides, it is also dotted with encroachments posing a great risk to life, the survey said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17801722", "title": "Burglary at three medical shops, temple", "text": "CHENNAI: Burglars struck at three medical shops and a temple on Razak Garden Road in Arumbakkam.The incident came to light when medical shop owner Nazbur Rehman came to open his shop on Friday morning. He found the shutters broken and 7,500 missing. Two other medical shops in the area had been broken into but nothing was stolen.The burglars also targeted a temple and took away the 'hundi'. It was usually opened once in three months and temple authorities said it could have contained at least 25,000.Police are looking into whether the same gang was involved in all the incidents. \"Residents are not cooperating with us. There must have been witnesses but no one is coming forward. In such cases, we need the help of locals,\" said a police officer.The incident comes a day after a gang went on a looting spree in Velachery and Tambaram and broke into two shops and three houses on Wednesday night. Police said they attempted to enter at least four other houses. Police said the same gang was involved in all the incidents.Police say they can prevent burglaries in houses if the residents inform them that they are away. \"In many cases, the house owners go on a holiday without informing us. We can keep an eye on the house and prevent such incidents,\" a police officer said.High court lawyer N Vijaya Ragavan said, \"Residents feel many policemen are in a nexus with criminals and so do not inform them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17802869", "title": "Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan move to treble fee shocks parents", "text": "PATNA: The decision of Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan (KVS) to effect a sharp hike in school fee has sent shock waves among the parents of Kendriya Vidyalaya students. The threefold increase in Vidyalaya Vikas Nidhi (VVN), which would be implemented from the next academic session, will prove a big burden for parents. This decision will affect over 13,000 students who study in different branches of Kendriya Vidyalaya (KV) in Patna.VVN is not the tuition fee, but the amount collected for infrastructure development and different cultural activities. Though the tuition fee of KVs is much less, parents have no escape from paying VVN.\"After I came to know about the increase in VVN, I was shocked. I know KV charges much less than other private schools, but a threefold increase at a time is really not a good decision,\" said Aijaz Nasreen, whose son studies in KV, Bailey Road. Another guardian, Rekha Kumari said, \"I am not against the Sangathan's decision to increase the fee, but a threefold increase is unbearable. In KVs, students from all strata of society study, and it will be difficult for those coming from the economically weaker sections to pay up.\"However, defending the decision, Ranjit Kumar Sinha, principal, KV, Kankarbagh, said, \"KVS has started a number of cultural activities which require high expenditure. Students now participate actively in extra-curricular activities and the winners are rewarded in cash. Also, a large number of students are given free education. Therefore, the hike in VVN is certainly going to improve the quality of education and students will get more facilities. He also said that private schools are charging much higher than KVS, even though the latter's schools are no less than the best private schools of the city.Commenting on the move, GS Prasad, a retired IAS officer and guest faculty in LN Mishra Institute and Patna Women's College, said, \"This hike is prohibitive and in a welfare state like India, quality education will become a far cry. In this way, KVS is depriving the poor from getting quality education.\"A KV teacher said on condition of anonymity, \"The decision will be a shock for many parents. I am also against such a steep hike and God knows what will happen to poor children.\"But parents may have no other choice. MD Jawed Anwar said, \"My son studies in a KV and I cannot remove him from the school after the hike in VVN. I shall have to accept the decision. As it is, KV charges much less than other private schools where quality education is imparted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17800677", "title": "Campaign against LPG curbs and civic tax", "text": "NAGPUR: Jansamasya Nivaran Sangharsh Samiti, a city-based consumer protection organization, has taken up cudgels against the new restrictions on cooking gas connections and also the new civic property tax structure based on ready reckoner rates.Samiti's president Prabhakar Marpakwar and working president V P Deshmukh said they have launched a public signature campaign. They plan to collect 5 lakh signatures and heave already done 25,000. \"There is widespread anger over the unfair restrictions like only one cooking gas connection per household putting the general public to great hardship. Also there is resentment against the ready reckoner rates of property tax,\" a release issued by the Samiti said.The organization is holding public meetings to get signatures on the memorandum to be submitted to the government in order to mount public pressure. The Samiti has also alleged that there is a huge racket in LPG cylinders. Quoting public sector oil marketing companies statistics, it said 117 crore LPG cylinders were out there for public distribution but only 7.5 crore households with cooking gas connections. The Samiti has alleged that at least 42 lakh cooking gas cylinders are sold through black-market causing a drain of hundreds of crores to the government.The Samiti has also alleged that because of the restrictions on subsidized gas supply a vast chunk of population aspiring to own cooking gas facility has been denied the opportunity. To protest the anti-government policy the Samiti is organizing public protests and the signature campaign.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "17802985", "title": "Diu deluged by day trippers with only booze on mind", "text": "RAJKOT: The pristine island of Diu that has earned the reputation of a booze destination for those coming from the rest of dry Gujarat is witnessing an increase in day-time visitors. These visitors do not stay over for the night and hence are not registered at any of the hotels or guest houses. Most of them are people who just cross over in the day for some drinks and return by evening.Diu tourism department officials say that these 'non-registered' visitors, mostly youngsters, who come on bikes and cars but do not stay over have increased many folds in recent years.The number of such visitors was 3.84 lakh in 2008 and it has shot up to 7.54 lakh in the current year. \"During the last two years, youngsters coming just for liquor have increased significantly,\" said an official. The island has otherwise also seen an increase in number of tourists after the 'Khushboo Gujarat ki' campaign by Bollywood super star Amitabh Bachchan . Those visiting Sasan Gir and Somnath visit Diu as well. The administration is, at the moment, gearing up to cater to the large number of tourists expected for the New Year celebrations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17801182", "title": "Global metros keep crime at bay, not revelry", "text": "MUMBAI: If you were in New York, you could ring in the New Year by partying at one super do where you can hear A Message from Coldplay or hip-hop to other venues to jazz up the night and head home at dawn to a new beginning. You would do the same if you were celebrating New Year's Eve (NYE) in London or Sydney, where Bondi beach will come alive to Chemical Brothers' beats. Closer home, a mere 1,000 miles away in Kolkata, you can rock on at nightspots till 4 am with police permission. But here in Mumbai, many clubs are still unsure whether the 5am deadline permitted by the state home department will get the top cop's nod.Club owners say Mumbai, where the general deadline for bars, pubs and clubs is 1.30am, has a legitimate expectation to stay open longer on just one day out of 365. Across the globe, there are cities that stay happy till dawn without sinking into lawlessness.Lawyer Jamshed Mistry said, \"There was a time when a person in the city could legitimately party till the early hours. Statistics from other entertainment capitals around the world show that extended deadlines for NYE do not necessarily become the contributory factor for an alarming rise in crime.\"Lawyer Ravi Kini said, \"If Mumbai aspires to be a world city, the state ought not to have outdated regulations. The presence of more people on the road or outside would not increase the crime rate. Rather, it may help keep crime in check. New York, till it was cleaned up, had a higher crime rate in some parts than now with its entertainment zones.\"Both Kolkata and Chennai liberally allow festivities till 4am, generally. It is more or less the same in Delhi, except that this year, the authorities there might be stricter. Last year, after Indian Hotel and Restaurant Association president Sudhakar Shetty moved court against the early forced closing of restaurants on Christmas and NYE, the high court granted permission for all-night parties. Recently, the West Bengal government issued a circular\u00e2\u20ac\u201dto be in force till January 15\u00e2\u20ac\u201dthat allows restaurants and bars to remain open till 2am, and night clubs, including those at five-star hotels, to remain open till 4am, but only after obtaining police permission.Lawyer Swapnil Kothari said, \"In Western cities, any temporal clamping amounts to a violation of the fundamental right to livelihood and privacy. Pubs tend to lose business and citizens their privacy. Metros across India need to spruce up their law-and-order machineries to ensure that citizens feel safe to let their hair down.\"Cities across India are seeking a relaxation in bar timings. In Pune, lawyer Asim Sarode said the normal deadline for restaurants is midnight. But on Friday, the police extended it to 1.30am for NYE.Every year, the Maharashtra government relaxes pub deadlines for Christmas and NYE and grants permission to clubs and gymkhanas for parties. This year, clubs can remain open till 5am after obtaining permission. \"This decision by the excise department is a welcome move as it spells freedom for business and consumers,\" said lawyer Veena Thadani. \"If there is no law-and-order problem on NYE, the government should consider relaxing closure hours permanently. That would make the police free to patrol the streets to protect women, instead of harassing restaurant owners and customers.\"Times ViewThese examples show it's possible to remain happy during festivals and yet not sink into lawlessness. Getting people to stay indoors, even during festive occasions, is the easy way out; it doesn't show how orderly and safe a city is. Cities that can take pride in calling themselves mature do a dual task; they allow law-abiding citizens to have their share of fun and the entertainment industry to make its money while keeping things safe for them by preempting crime and taking criminals to task. Our administration should emulate this.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "17803012", "title": "Gas leak kills three in ice cream factory", "text": "RAJKOT: Three persons died after inhaling a poisonous gas emanating from an old well located in an ice cream factory premises in Junagadh on Friday. Those killed include the owner of Plus Point ice cream factory in GIDC premises at Sabalpur.The deceased have been identified as Vipul Vagadiya (32), Harshad Vagadiya (20) and Sagar Raval (19).\"The factory owner Vipul Vagadiya had opened an old covered well. As soon as the cover was removed, a gas came out and he collapsed. In an effort to save him the other two rushed forward and also inhaled the poisonous gas,\" said Junagadh district collector Manish Bharadwaj.It is yet to be ascertained what gas it was that led to the death of the three on the spot.Rajkot: Three persons died after inhaling a poisonous gas emanating from an old well located in an ice cream factory premises in Junagadh on Friday. Those killed include the owner of Plus Point ice cream factory in GIDC premises at Sabalpur.The deceased have been identified as Vipul Vagadiya (32), Harshad Vagadiya (20) and Sagar Raval (19).\"The factory owner Vipul Vagadiya had opened an old covered well. As soon as the cover was removed, a gas came out and he collapsed. In an effort to save him the other two rushed forward and also inhaled the poisonous gas,\" said Junagadh district collector Manish Bharadwaj. It is yet to be ascertained what gas it was that led to the death of the three on the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17805662", "title": "Sean Connery shuns Stallone's 'Expendables' offer", "text": "Legendary actor Sir Sean Connery has rejected Sylvester Stallone's offer of a big screen farewell in his next 'Expendables' movie.The former 007 star was asked by Stallone and director Simon West to join stars including Arnold Schwarzenegger and Bruce Willis in a 610,000-dollar role next year.But the 82-year-old actor knocked back the invitation.His spokesman said that the screen legend had officially retired.West admitted that he would have loved to have Connery in the action movie.He said that it would have been great to bring Connery back from retirement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17803183", "title": "Wildlife interpretation centre to come up at Ralamandal", "text": "INDORE: Soon, information on wildlife of the entire Madhya Pradesh will be available at a single place. The forest department of Indore has sent a proposal for setting up a wildlife interpretation centre at Ralamandal Wildlife Sanctuary in Indore that has reportedly been accepted by eco-tourism board of Madhya Pradesh.Chief conservator of forest (CCF) PC Dubey said work on the interpretation centre project has already started and it is expected to complete in three months time. Dubey said as of now these interpretation centres are located only at national parks and they document information about that particular park only. Interpretation centre at Ralamandal will have information about wildlife in state. Elaborating the motive, he said interpretation centre will have information displayed about all the wild life of state, their locations, habitat, behaviour and characteristics of different wild life creatures. The Centre will also have detailed information regarding how to reach different wild life locations and the best seasons to visit.\"It will make people aware about wild life. Centre will also help in sensitizing people about wild life and their importance for human race,\" Dubey said adding seeing is believing; people will become aware and sensitive towards wild life only when they see it closely. He said Ralamandal is close to city and every month hordes of people visit it and an interpretation centre will not only add joy to the visitors, but will also serve its purpose to educate and aware people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17806730", "title": "Salman is my role model while playing a cop, says Anirudh Dave", "text": "Anirudh Dave, who will be playing a hot new police inspector in Housewife Hai ... Sab Jaanti Hai says his inspiration is Salman Khan .The actor, who has played a number of roles on television and done a Satish Kaushik film in recent times, sure seems to have drawn a little inspiration from Dabangg's Chulbul Pandey to play his next role as the bindaas , street -smart, good natured cop.Anirudh said, \"The silver screen has seen some impressive police inspectors played by prominent actors over the last 3 decades. But nobody can beat Salman Khan when it comes to style and swagger. The screen just lights up when he makes an entry and you can't take your eyes off him. For the role of Kanhaiyya in Housewife Hai ... Sab Jaanti Hai , Salman's portrayal of Chulbul Pandey has definitely been a reference point. While Salman Bhai is simply inimitable, I have tried to add my own personal touch, flair and charm to the role,\" he said.Check out the body-hugging cop clothes, the rippling biceps and triceps, the shades that hang from his belt and the unmistakable swagger.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17802627", "title": "Commandos counter 'terrorists' in a mock drill", "text": "MYSORE: After a six-hour battle, commandos of Garuda Force, one of the state's elite security agencies, and the city police rescued 'hostages' on Friday.It all began after four terrorists, holed up in a five-star hotel, killed a security guard and held the tourists hostage. The 'terrorists' demanded that the judges, who had given a death penalty to a terrorist, be handed over to them. Fortunately, the commandos managed to rescue the hostages after arresting the 'terrorists'.Relax, it was only a counter-terror mock drill carried out at a five-star hotel near Karnataka Police Academy to improve co-ordination between government agencies during emergency situations.DCP (law and order) Basavaraj Malagatti said: \"Around 90 commandos demonstrated the rescue operations by simulating a scene at a hotel in the city. The mock drill had planning, negotiation, execution and co-ordination with local officers. It ended by noon.\"\"The commando force comprises six different groups, including those entrusted with assault, planning and negotiation. This is the second time that they are performing a mock drill after Dasara,\" the DCP added.Police inspectors G N Mohan and Prabhakar Rao Shinde, who were part of the drill, said that such awareness programmes are essential for security agencies and officials. They felt it was as educative programme.Local police officers, probationary dySPs, MCC officials and fire and emergency services personnel were involved in the drill.Police commissioner K L Sudheer supervised the 'operation', which also educated the police on advanced weapons and equipment used for such operations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17803161", "title": "Pakistan veterans gear up for ODI series", "text": "CHENNAI: India still haven't forgotten the Misbah-ul-Haq assault in the World T20 in 2007 that almost snatched the trophy from MS Dhoni's men. Now the right-hander doesn't feature in the Pakistan T20 team anymore but is still their ODI captain.Younus Khan , on the other hand, has always been a thorn in the flesh for India, and the duo looked intent in practice at the MA Chidambaram Stadium on Friday ahead of the ODI series that starts from Sunday.The one thing common between Younus and Misbah-ul-Haq is that they lend a calming influence in a Pakistan batting line-up otherwise bristling with talented but often volatile strokemakers.Flair is what one would normally associate with the new generation Pakistan batsmen, but in the cauldron of pressure that is any sporting encounter against India, the visitors will need the experienced duo to pull their weight if the team is to get ahead of the hosts in the three-match series.Younus and skipper Misbah are the kind who bat with their head and yet put their hearts into a battle, making them difficult to dislodge.The 35-year-old former skipper Younus, who has made 6824 runs in 245 ODIs at an average of 32.18, has an excellent record against India. In the 33 matches against India since his ODI debut a dozen years ago, toporder mainstay Younus has scored 1171 runs at an average of 40.37 with three centuries and six fifties.\"Younus will have a big role batting at No 4 as he will have to carry the momentum forward if the top-order fires,\" former Pakistan captain Aamer Sohail told TOI on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17804665", "title": "President calls gang-rape victim a brave daughter of India", "text": "NEW DELHI: Describing the 23-year-old gang-rape victim who died in Singapore as a \"brave daughter of India\", President Pranab Mukherjee said on Saturday all steps to bring the perpetrators of this \"ghastly crime\" to justice should be taken to ensure that her death will not be in vain.\"She was a brave and courageous girl who fought till the very last minute for her dignity and her life. She is a true hero and symbolises the best in Indian youth and women...The nation will mourn the passing of this brave daughter of India,\" the President said in his condolence message.He appealed for peace and calm and called upon authorities to take all necessary steps to bring the perpetrators of this ghastly crime to justice.The girl, who was gang-raped and brutally assaulted by six men in a moving bus in south Delhi, died in a Singapore hospital early on Saturday morning after battling for life for the past 13 days.\"Deeply distressed\" by the \"unfortunate demise\" of the girl, he said while conveying his condolences to her parents and family who have faced this adversity with \"fortitude and grace\" and prayed that they have the strength to bear this loss.\"At the same time, let us resolve that this death will not be in vain. We will do everything possible to ensure that such an incident never happens again,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17802298", "title": "Kochi mosque official prays for Ajmal Kasab\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s soul, gets the boot", "text": "KOCHI: The managing committee of a Jama'at mosque here has initiated disciplinary action against its khatib (preacher leading Friday prayers) for allegedly praying for salvation of the soul of Ajmal Kasab two days after the terrorist was hanged in Pune's Yerwada Central Jail.Khatib Abdul Rauf, however, preferred to resign from the post than wait for action against him following strong protest from the juma (Friday congregation) that had assembled at the Judge Mukku mosque at Thrikkakkara in Kochi's outskirts.Though the incident had occurred on November 23, its details trickled out only after police began an investigation on Friday when it, once again, \"became a talking point at the juma''.\"We have confirmed the incident. An investigation is on,\" a source in the police told TOI.President of the Judge Mukku mosque managing committee Abdul Rehman also confirmed the incident. \"Khatib Rauf did include the name of Ajmal Kasab in the prayer for the departed souls after the namaz,'' he told TOI.\"Every Friday we say a prayer for the souls. But to our surprise and shock khatib Rauf prayed for Kasab. There was instant protest from the juma,'' Rehman said.The committee members immediately decided to suspend him. But before they could issue the suspension order, khatib Rauf offered his resignation.When TOI contacted him, khatib Rauf maintained that he was being victimized. Rauf said he was being made a scapegoat of a tussle between two groups in the managing committee.\"I didn't pray for the salvation of Kasab's soul. That it was the first Friday after he was hanged I used his case as an example to advise the juma not to lead such a life,'' Rauf said.All I said was that \"Kasab got the punishment he deserved. Believers of Islam should never follow the path of these kinds of people\", he said.\"I have been working in the mosque for the last 25 years and this was a ploy to oust me from the post by a group of people,\" Rauf said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17803008", "title": "School round up sports meet at Army public school", "text": "BHOPAL: Manekshaw House has emerged as the overall winner in the annual sports meet of the Army Public School on Friday.The chief guest at the function was Major General (Retd) SR Sinho. The sports days celebrations began with a march past by the newly inducted Junior NCC cadets from the junior wing of the school under the guidance of their seniors. This was followed by the swearing in ceremony that was administered by brigadier PS Rana.Students exhibited their potential in a series of events, sprint races, relay, self defence performances using the traditional Indian lathi to display and a PT display. A torch drill by the students was also on the list of performances.The event culminated with the prize distribution ceremony by the chief guest. Manekshaw House was declared the overall winner for year 2012-13 and was presented the house trophy. Ekta Yogesh and Pooja Bhosle, the house captains of Manekshaw House were given the trophy. The vote of thanks was extended by Seema Dwivedi, Principal, Army Public School, Bhopal .Christmas at St Pauls: The St Pauls school celebrated Christmas with a captivating portray of the birth of Jesus Christ in a crib. The children of the school under the guidance of father Antony presented a naturalistic background of Bethlehem in the tableau. Students also sung carols and danced to the rhythmic beats of Kerala. The attraction of the programme was the arrival of the Santa Claus and a speech by father Oliver, St Pauls during which he explained the significance of Christmas and its celebrations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17802380", "title": "Illegal lottery agents evade punishment", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Lack of coordination between the police and lottery department has become a boon for the sellers of illegal lotteries. The absence of material evidence prevents cops from registering case against the agents of digit lotteries, especially those who thrive in rural areas, under the Kerala Lotteries and Online Lotteries Regulation Rules.At present, police register case against the sellers of digit lotteries on charges of gambling, under The Gaming Act. In such cases, law violators who thrive by evading the tax money of the state government easily escape from punishment by remitting penalty.Proper action could be initiated against the culprits only if they would be charged under the Kerala Lotteries and Online Lotteries Regulation Rules, said the officials with lottery department.Though the officials with the district lottery department have been demanding police to inform them about the arrests related to illegal lotteries, police have been neglecting the demand, cited officials with the district lottery office. Cops say they were not obliged to submit the report as the cases were registered under the Gaming Act. Negligence from the part of police is promoting the sale of illegal lotteries, the officials alleged adding that same persons were repeatedly getting involved in the offence.In the sale of digit lotteries customers buy digits instead of paper lotteries. They select three-digit or four-digit number and give it in writing to the agents. Seller of digit lotteries award prize money to the winner by comparing the digits bought by the customers with that of the state lottery. If the digits chosen by the client and the last three digits of the first prize winning state lottery are same they are offered Rs 5,000. The ticket buyer will get Rs 2,000 if the last two digits selected by the person matches with that of the first prize winning state lottery.Police charge the offenders under the Gambling Act citing that they could not find any connection between the state lottery and digit lottery, said officials with the lottery department. If police inform us about the arrests we could provide them the evidence for charging the culprits under Lottery Regulations, they said.\"In the meeting of the district lottery monitoring cell, police have agreed to cooperate with the lottery department to intensify drive against the sale of digit lotteries,\" said assistant lottery officer B Unnikrishnan. \"We have described to them the link between the winning number of Kerala lottery and the digit lottery,\" he said.Officials said regular inspections will be conducted at all lottery shops in the district. Licence of Kerala state lottery agents will be cancelled if they are found engaging in the illegal act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17801715", "title": "Indo-Pak T20 humdinger electrifies Amdavadis", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A charged up crowd, endless Mexican waves, bugles blaring across the stadium, tricolour wigs and painted faces biting their nails - this was the frenzied Amdavadi crowd on D-day at Motera where the sub-continent's biggest cricketing rivals, India and Pakistan, clashed in the second T-20 match in the city on Friday.Before getting into the stadium people had to make their way past the long trail of spectators waiting outside nearly one-and-a-half hour before the match began. Reinforcements from the Rapid Action Force (RAF) were called in to assist local police to maintain order. Once inside, the sight was mesmerising. People everywhere shouting, cheering and booing - all in unison. When the match began and India batted first, all hell seemed to break loose. Every ball drew a loud cheering chorus. A few Pakistani fans were also seen cheering the Indian team.With Virat Kohli's wicket, the crowd's boos rose, but things changed when Yuvraj Singh and Mahendra Dhoni lifted India to a strong total from. Yuvi's three sixes in a row particularly worked spectators into a frenzy, as the tempo of the Indian innings' last few overs rose along side.\"This was paisa vasool,\" exclaimed Swapnil Kumar, a buisnessman from Pokhran in Rajsthan. \"I have come all the way to feel the exhilaration and mood at the stadium. Watching this match on the television while sitting at home would have been a complete waste of a great contest. The experience was well worth the effort it took to come all the way from Rajasthan,\" says Kumar.Rimple Patel, a homemaker from Ghatlodia said, \"I wanted to experience cricket off the television screen, and here I am. Now I really know why this game is exciting. This for me is was the opportunity of a lifetime,\" says Patel.Prakash Somani from Rajkot bunked college along with some of his friends to get to the match. \"Our parents do not know we are here. I told them that I will stay over at a friends place today,\" says Somani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17803664", "title": "Saving yield not easy, save plants instead: Agriculture department", "text": "AURANGABAD: Due to the low yield of fruits and damage caused to plants due to scanty rainfall in the current season, the agriculture department has decided to focus on saving the plants rather than saving the yield. The department is encouraging the farmers to cut fruits and some branches of the plants so that it could be saved during the summer season. The department is also propagating drip irrigation using saline water.As per the District Superintendent Agriculture Office - Aurangabad, there would be 60 to 70% less yield of sweet orange in the current season as compared to previous year. Farmers would also see less yield of pomegranate of around 30%. In case of mango and sapodilla, the precise loss in yield could not be calculated as the crop ias expected in next few weeks but the agriculture department is projecting significant damage.In Aurangabad district, the main fruit crop is sweet orange which will be worst affected in the current season because of less availability of water. \"It is not easy to protect the crop and so we are now trying to save the plants so that extent of loss could be minimised,\" technical officer at District Superintendent Agriculture Office - Aurangabad Anil Hadgoankar said.The department said that farmers should cut fruits and sell them as early as possible. \"In the following days, when the scarcity of water will increase, plants with fruits would need more water and its non-availability might cause heavy destruction of the plant,\" he said.The farmers should cut the shoots of the plants which do not bear fruits. They can also strip off about 25% of the branches to minimise water loss. Apart from this, drip irrigation would be an effective solution for the plants. In case of new sweet orange plants, farmers could adopt saline drip method. Under the technique, farmers can irrigate each plant with the help of two saline drips. Two to three litters of water would be supplied to the plants and it could be saved,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17802584", "title": "K R Rao's memorial buried in oblivion", "text": "MANGALORE: Most of us know Kudmul Ranga Rao as a visionary and a lawyer in the pre-Independence era who fought for the uplift of the oppressed sections in the region. However, very few of us know that there is a structure built as a memorial for the social reformer, who established Depressed Classes Mission in 1987.The structure built by Dakshina Kannada District Dalitha Noukarara Hitharakshana Samiti at Mangalore Brahma Samaj Burial Ground in Babugudde, though well maintained, seems to have been forgotten by many. The samiti had erected the memorial to commemorate the 110th birth anniversary of BR Ambedkar in 2001.Rao gave up his career as a lawyer and sold his property to dedicate his time and money for marginalized masses.He fought for their basic needs like house and water and better education opportunities, and empowered them to guard themselves against the exploitation of the upper classes.He learned the teachings of Buddha, Basaveshwara, Vivekananda and Dayananda Saraswathi and used his knowledge to convince people belonging to the upper castes about universal brotherhood.\"Kudmul Ranga Rao was a visionary leader, who fought for the downtrodden people despite being a member of the upper caste. Several leaders, who work for the backward classes including me, forget the achievements of Rao. He was a social reformer like Ambedkar,\" said Ahinda state working president P Lolaksha.Educationist Renny D'Souza said that many people do not know about the memorial as it is constructed inside a burial ground.\"The memorial should be used to conduct cultural and social development programmes so that more people get to know about it. Rao's contributions towards education and for the welfare of the marginalized people should not go unnoticed,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17802941", "title": "BJP involved in atrocities against women: Kantilal Bhuriya", "text": "BHOPAL: The state Congress on Friday alleged the involvement of ruling BJP leaders, workers and their relatives in incidents of crime against women. State Congress chief Kantilal Bhuriya in a statement said, \"It has been revealed that a large number of rape, gang-rape and atrocities against women involved the ruling party's members and those close to the powers that be.\"Referring to the alleged rape of a 21-year-old woman in Balaghat district in a BJP leader's office that came to light on Thursday, Bhuria said, \"According to the complaint registered by the victim, the incident occurred in the office of BJP MLA Ram Kishore Kavre on November 17 where a youth identified as Shirish Avadhiya was responsible for the heinous crime. The victim, a young women, was a paramedic on training at the Paraswara community health centre and the accused worked as a daily wage employee.\"Kantilal Bhuriya alleged that the culprit hatched a plot and took the victim into the office of the BJP MLA from the same assembly constituency on the pretext of searching for jobs on internet sites. The woman was raped by the culprit inside the MLA's office. \"The victim said that she was continuously threatened with dire consequences after the incident and warned against reporting the matter to the police. This fear forced the woman not to report the incident for over one month. Because of the political connection of the culprit, there was an attempt to suppress the matter,\" Bhuria said.\"The BJP MLA says he had no knowledge of the incident and is not connected to the accused. Is it possible that an outsider would enter the office of a MLA and rape a woman and Karve would not have any knowledge of it? Can any person just walk into the office of a sitting MLA and commit such disgraceful crimes?\" Bhuriya asked.Bhuria argued that there have been numerous incidents over the past one year including a rape incident in Betma exposing the involvement of BJP leader's kin and relations in such atrocities against women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17805262", "title": "Telangana shutdown hits normal life", "text": "HYDERABAD: Normal life came to a standstill in the Telangana region of Andhra Pradesh on Saturday in response to a day-long shutdown call by Telangana Rashtra Samithi (TRS) to protest the central government's \"delaying tactics\" over separate statehood for the region.Public transport service was paralysed while shops, business establishments and educational institutions remained closed in most parts of the region, officials said.Unsatisfied with the outcome of an all-party meeting on the Telangana issue in Delhi Friday, TRS called the shutdown.The party says it does not believe in home minister Sushilkumar Shinde's assurance that the central government would take a decision on the issue in a month.The Telangana Joint Action Committee (JAC), comprising of various pro-Telangana groups, is also supporting the shutdown.While the shutdown was partial in Hyderabad, it was near total in nine other districts.Services of state-owned Andhra Pradesh State Road Transport Corp (APSRTC) in the region came to a halt with employees' union affiliated to TRS staying away from duties.In Hyderabad, APSRTC was running only partial city services. The usually busy Mahatma Gandhi Bus Station in Hyderabad and Jubliee Bus Station in Secunderabad wore a deserted look as all bus services from and to the districts in Telangana as well as Andhra and Rayalseema regions were cancelled.APSRTC employees in some towns locked bus depots to prevent authorities from taking out the buses. In other places, activists of TRS and other pro-Telangana groups supporting the shutdown staged a sit-in outside the depots.Police arrested dozens of TRS leaders and workers in Karimnagar, Warangal, Adilabad, Nizamabad, Medak and other districts.TRS leader Harish Rao and his supporters were arrested at Jubliee Station in Secunderabad early Saturday when they tried to stop buses.Commuters in some parts of Hyderabad and on the outskirts faced inconvenience as many city transport services were off the roads. A section of autorickshaw drivers also participated the strike.While most of the schools and colleges declared a holiday as a precautionary measure, shops and businesses were open.The shutdown also had no impact on the work in IT companies here. The cabs carrying IT employees plied as usual to Hitec City and Gachibowli -- the two major IT clusters housing national and multinational software giants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17805750", "title": "Goa cyber cafe visitors under scanner", "text": "PANAJI: Cyber cafe owners in the state have been asked to keep a close watch on visitors to their establishments due to intelligence inputs about possible security threats on the west coast.\"It has come to notice that certain anti-social elements or terrorists are using these facilities to mislead the security investigating agencies, create panic in the public, endanger the security of VVIPs and vital installations and help in the terrorist activities, thereby, directly affecting the security of the state\", said Mihir Vardhan, north Goa collector.Vardhan in is order stated that if any activity of the visitor is of a suspicious nature the owner of cyber cafe will immediately inform the police station.This order shall be effective for a period of 60 days upto February 26, 2013 unless withdrawn earlier said Vardhan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17802629", "title": "Education dept takes steps for safety of girl students", "text": "MYSORE: In the wake of the recent incident of a teacher allegedly harassing a primary school student in T Narasipura, education department authorities are on alert. They are taking measures to check the recurrence of such incidents in schools of the district.Deputy director of public instruction B K Basavaraju told TOI that the heads of government and private schools have been directed to keep a close watch on the behaviour of teachers. This apart, the DDPI has also appealed to students to directly approach the block education officers concerned or the DDPI over telephone in case of harassment by any teacher or staff.To ensure the safety of girl students, general instructions have been issued to the school staff to check unpleasant incidents. Mysore district has nearly 3,296 schools, including 2,258 government schools, in which about 3 lakh students -- 50% of whom are girls -- are studying, the DDPI explained.Referring to T Narasipura-like incidents, Siddappa, father of a government school student, said such cases leave the parents of girl children panic-stricken. \"Police and education officials should give a serious thought on the safety of girl students, especially in rural places. Even members of school development and monitoring committee must give priority to their safety. Siddappa's daughter, a Class VII student, is studying in a government school, some 15km from here.Recently, a teacher was suspended for allegedly misbehaving with a Class VII girl of a government higher primary school near T Narasipura town in Mysore district. \"The teacher has been accused of abusing the girl after the class hours last Saturday. An inquiry has been ordered into it,\" the DDPI added.However, no police complaint has been registered as the girl's parents and education department authorities didn't file the complaint. \"Even the girl's identity has not been revealed,\" a police officer said.BEO (south block, Mysore city) Raghunandan confirmed that a general instruction has been issued by DDPI on this score. \"We are taking measures to ensure the safety to girl students,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "baripada", "code": "17803455", "title": "Sharp queries, sharper responses", "text": "BARIPADA: Hoardings carrying seven specific questions written in Odia and reportedly put up by BJD workers greeted Pyarimohan Mohapatra as he arrived here on Friday to address a public rally. The veteran leader tried to answer at least three of those queries in his address.The billboards asked Pyari if he had misappropriated BJD funds, how he managed to spend so lavishly on his public meetings. Denying charges of misappropriation, Pyari said, in a somewhat tongue-in-cheek manner, \"If I had half the funds that the government is spending to prevent our rallies, I would be conducting OJM meetings every 15 days.\"The hoardings accused Pyari of commercializing politics and preventing people with genuine interest from joining BJD. To this, Pyari emphatically said, \"I was behind the creation of the 27 lakh dedicated party workers.\"On why MLAs, MPs and party workers needed to take prior appointments to meet him in the past 12 years, the Rajya Sabha member explained, \"So many people used to come to meet me with their problems. Unless prior timings were fixed, I would have ended up just greeting them with a smile and nothing else. I preferred prior appointments because I wanted to listen to them sincerely and solve their problems.\"However, there were other queries that Pyari chose not to answer. These included why he had sent a bouquet to greet JMM leader Sudam Marandi. Questioning the motive, the hoardings alleged Pyari of being party to the \"conspiracy to make Mayurbhanj part of Greater Jharkhand state.\" The hoardings also accused Pyari of spoiling the image of Naveen by misusing the name and photos of his father Biju Patnaik.\"Naveen called you a 'beimaan' (traitor). Isn't that justified because of whatever you did on May 29,\" the banners asked. Pyari and his associates described the alleged failed coup staged by him as a rank lie and a drama directed by Naveen Patnaik.\"There is no truth in it. The CM, guided by some conspirators who surround him, falsely accused me of such a coup. Naveen particularly felt threatened,\" Pyari said.Pyari, in turn, accused a BJD MLA of blackmailing Naveen to secure a party ticket to fight elections in 2009. The MLA claimed to have recorded a conversation in which Naveen abused his father Biju Patnaik and Odias in 1999. The CM was forced to give him a party ticket, Pyari said. Pyari alleged that while thousands of elderly persons and needy widows were being deprived of old age and widow pensions, some MLAs in the state helping youths and happily-married women get the money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17803352", "title": "Pedestrian underpasses in busy zones", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Crossing the sector dividing roads or going past a roundabout is no less than an uphill task for pedestrians in the city. To make walking around a bit convenient, UT administration has decided to construct pedestrian underpasses in busy areas and these would also be used for boarding Metro rail in years to come.The entire Metro system in Chandigarh will be underground and stations will be built at every kilometre. The subways will help pedestrians catch the tube in case they plan to walk their way to the destination.\"Pedestrian underpasses have already been proposed on the V3 road near Leisure Valley in sectors 1 and 3. Two more subways will come up in the second phase ,\" said a UT official.\"Diversions at roundabouts give rise to heavy traffic, making it difficult for people on foot to cross roads. While underpass is the answer to this problem, the general public will also have to be willing to take it. Surveys have revealed that subways in most cities remain underutilized,\" said an official of the engineering department.Despite there being a persistent demand for subways for walkers, the issue has been hanging fire since 2009 when the proposal was mooted for the first time. Taking a cue from Delhi, Chandigarh had decided to construct subways at strategic locations, especially intersections of sectors so that walking turns into a time-saving exercise, with direct routes to more frequented places.Urban Mass Transit Company Limited (UMTC) was approached to carry out a feasibility study and identify places where underpasses can be best utilized. To come up on V1, V2 and V3 routes, the subways will decongest roads, increase capacity of arterial streets for vehicular traffic and lead from one sector to another. But the proposal was not sanctioned funds by the ministry of urban development. After preparing a feasibility report, UT was to submit a detailed project report (DPR) to seek grants under JNNURM and finally, the MC will take charge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17802350", "title": "Kochi takes child-friendly route to development", "text": "KOCHI: City authorities are joining hands with United Nations Children's Fund (Unicef) to draft programmes to protect children from exploitation, violence and abuse.The Kochi corporation is keen to implement the child-friendly project which would, among others, provide an opportunity for children in the city to voice their opinion and concerns, encouraging them to participate in family, community and social life.According to Unicef officials, the programme guarantees the right of every young citizen to influence decisions for city's development, have safe streets, meet friends and play, spaces for plants and animals, participate in cultural and social events, live in an unpolluted environment, receive basic services like healthcare and education, and access to safe drinking water and sanitation.\"There won't be any discrimination and children from all sections of the society will get the benefit of the programme. We will ensure that kids in the city will be seen and heard, and the programme will be in their best interest,\" said Unicef communication specialist Sugatha Roy.Unicef will provide technical support to this state government initiative by imparting training to local body's officials on effective implementation of the project. The corporation and Unicef will jointly draft programmes that will have to be implemented under the project. The Kerala Institute of Local Administration (KILA) will also be an active participant in the project.The programme for a child-friendly city is based on the key principles of the United Nations Convention on Rights of the Child (UNCRC). A communique from the agency states that a child-friendly city seeks to maximize the survival and development of all its children by providing optimal conditions for growth. The agency said that the programme would be implemented in Thrissur corporation also.Meanwhile, Kochi corporation health standing committee chairman T K Asharaf said that the was holding discussions with the state government as well as Unicef regarding various programmes that have to be implemented in the city under the project. The state government has initiated the project under the 12th five-year plan.The child friendly city guarantees right of every young citizen to :* Be protected from exploitation, violence and abuse* Influence decisions taken by city authorities* Express their opinions on what they want* Participate actively for community and society* Walk safely on streets on their own* Meet friends and play* Have green spaces for plants and animals* Live in an unpolluted environment* Participate in cultural and social events* Receive basic services such as healthcare and education* Drink safe water and have access to proper sanitation* Be an equal citizen with access to every service, regardless of ethnic origin, religion, income, gender or disability", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17802081", "title": "HC raps CBI for sluggish probe", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Friday faced ire from Gujarat high court (HC) for not making any significant headway in the Ishrat Jahan encounter case even after a year-long probe.The bench of Justice Jayant Patel and Justice Abhilasha Kumari criticized the probe agency for not having made any progress during the last one year, though the court had not put any time limit. Commenting on the progress report submitted by the CBI, the judges told CBI counsel, \"We are not at all satisfied with the report. Not a single date has been mentioned in the report. Whatever you have mentioned was already in the SIT report. What has been done by you?\" Before CBI came in picture, the HC had tasked three-member special investigation team (SIT) to conduct preliminary inquiry.The judges rubbished all excuses on part of the CBI and commented that all details in this report were also found in the SIT reports. \"You have done nothing new,\" the court observed.The CBI has sought extension of IPS officer Satish Verma's assistance. However, the HC said that if the CBI does not make any progress in probe in two months, it would not get Verma's help. This was after the state government objected to Verma's further association with the probe.There appeared a conflict between the government and the CBI regarding Verma's joining the probe. While CBI counsel Yogesh Ravani claimed that Verma joined the team on October 2, government pleader Prakash Jani maintained that the Gujarat cop was fit and joined the probe on July 20.The court finally asked the probe agency to prepare the report again with mention of dates and submit it again on January 10.Meanwhile, advocate I H Syed representing Ishrat's mother, Shamima Kauser, requested the court to monitor the progress in future.Ishrat was killed along with three others - Pranesh Pillai, Amjad Ali Rana and Zeeshan Johar on June 15, 2004 near Kotarpur waterworks on the outskirts of the city. After the shoot-out, city crime branch dubbed them as Lashkar-e-Taiba operatives, who came here to kill CM Narendra Modi for the riots reprisal.In 2009, judicial magistrate S P Tamang termed this encounter as stage managed. The SIT set up by the HC has also termed this shoot-out as fake. The HC ordered CBI to conduct investigation in this case last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17803361", "title": "Security measures pay off", "text": "Security measures taken by the state days before the Maoist bandh has paid off as the 24-hour bandh, on Thursday was peaceful with no major reports of violence in the state.The Maoists had called the statewide bandh against Operation Anaconda II in Saranda.However, it affected normal life in Maoist-affected districts like Khunti, Simdega, Latehar, Gumla, Giridih, West and East Singhbhum districts. The rebels had called 24-hour bandh against Operation Anaconda II in Saranda forests in West Singhbhum district.IG (special branch) S N Pradhan, who is also the spokesperson of the state police, said, \"No untoward incident has been reported from any part of the state till now.\"Traffic on road, however suffered as buses in West Singhbhum district, Saraikela-Kharsawa, Khunti, Gumla and other districts remained stranded. All SPs had been asked to beef up security in the wake of the bandh. Throughout the day security forces kept a special vigil on roads and railway tracks.In Jamshedpur, long-distance bus services, to Bihar, West Bengal and Odisha, were affected with most of the private buses either staying off the roads or running on revised schedule.\"Few buses heading for Bihar were running (from the Bhuyandih bus depot) three hours behind schedule (originally scheduled to leave between 4 am and 5am),\" said Avinash Kumar, a functionary of the Jamshedur Private Bus Owners' Association. He said some of the evening buses were cancelled owing to moderate bookings.\"There are only limited number of buses for Bengal and Odisha and today a quarter of them decided to suspend the service,\" said Trinath Mohanty, a travel agent who books ticket for the Bengal and Odisha bound buses.Long-distance buses did not move out of the Dhanbad and Giridih busstands as preautionary measure.Train services remained unaffected in the state. Railway service in the Chakradharpur division of the South Eastern Railway too remained largely unaffected by the Maoist bandh.\"Passenger and goods trains were running on schedule in (Chakradharpur) division,\" said station manager II, Tatangar Railway station, Rajendra Prasad.There was no report of any Maoist attack in the Chakradharpur division apparently due to tight precautionary security arrangements put in place by the railway authorities.According to reports, markets in the rural areas of Ghatshila sub division in East Singhbhum and in several parts of West Singhbhum remained largely affected by the bandh.The coal belt of Dhanbad largely remained unaffected. Shops and commercial establishments remained open in the cities and towns and the movement of trains was also normal.The Dhanbad division of the railways had launched extensive security measure since Thursday night in the entire division and had deployed over 1,500 jawans of RPF,GRP and CRPF to different parts of the district.The Jharkhand police are carrying out Operation Anaconda II in Singhbhum-Kolhan region which is focused on flush out the rebels from Saranda. Plenty of development work, which has been sponsored by the Centre, would be better implemented only after the rebels are flushed out. The flushing out of the rebels would also help the authorities ensure smooth execution of the Centre-sponsored Saranda Development Plan. The operation which started around a fortnight ago is likely to continue till February.All platforms were being guarded by the security forces and pilot engines were moved before the scheduled departure of major trains in the division.Extra precaution was taken in CI section of the Railways and speed of the trains was restricted to 65 kms per hour. The bandh had no effect on the movement of vehicles on the GT Road where patrolling was intensified by the police teams from Giridih and Dhanbad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17802164", "title": "Wine legislation by next December", "text": "NASHIK: The task to bring about wine legislation gained momentum on Friday with the first meeting of Indian Grape Processing Board (IGPB) that was held in Pune with government officials to discuss its nature and format. The draft on wine legislation will be prepared and submitted to the central government which is expected to issue a notification by December 2013.Speaking to TOI, Jagdish Holkar, chairman of the board, said, \"Our first board meeting with the government departments on wine legislation was held on Friday. The discussions were held on product definition, quality standards, standard label and standard practices. It was also decided to take the wine industry into confidence and invite suggestions from them. Thereafter, the IGPB will make a final draft on wine legislation, which is expected to be prepared in the next three months. The draft will be submitted to the central government. Thereafter, a government will issue a notification on wine legislation, which will take at least a year, by December 2013.\"He said, \"We must have wine standards that match with world standards with focus on consumer safety if we have to increase wine export. We also cannot bring control on wine being imported into the country until we have wine standards.\"At a meeting it was decided to define definition of wine productions. Wine products categorized as sparkling, carbonated, fortified, still, organic and herbal will be defined as per the definitions. It was also decided to have standard labels for the wine.The meeting was attended by joint secretary of food processing industries, government of India, U Venkateswarlu, state agriculture commissioner Umakant Dangat, secretary of All India Wine Producers' Association Rajesh Jadhav, Advisor of Food Safety Standard Authority of India (FSSAI) S Dave, senior scientist of National Research Centre for Grapes, Pune, representatives from Bureau of Indian Standards (BIS), Agricultural and Processed Food Products Export Development Authority (APEDA) and Karnataka Wine Board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17807200", "title": "Spielberg to remake TV show 'The Syndicate'", "text": "Filmmaker Steven Spielberg has grabbed the rights to TV drama \"The Syndicate\", after watching each episode of it thrice.The \"Jaws\" director is overseeing a remake of the hit series for US network ABC after falling for it, reports thesun.co.uk.The show's writer, Kay Mellor, said: \"He told me that he and his wife were avid fans of the show and he is now having a pilot episode written for US network ABC, based on the British version.\"He certainly knew everything about the show, which is perhaps not that surprising if he'd watched each episode three times,\" she added.Kay says she thought she was the victim of a hoax when she was originally told Spielberg wanted to call her about the show.\"My agent said he wanted my mobile phone number, but after four days of waiting for Steven to ring I thought it must be a joke. Then he called me when I was sitting at my kitchen table in casual clothes and slippers, working on the script for 'The Syndicate 2'. He roared with laughter when I told him what I was wearing and I promised to send him a picture of me in my slippers - which I did,\" she said.In BBC1's \"The Syndicate\", which starred Timothy Spall and Joanna Page, a group of supermarket workers hit the Lottery jackpot.In the second series, starring Alison Steadman, Mark Addy , Natalie Gavin and Siobhan Finneran, the story revolves around five nurses who scoop a 72 million pounds payday.It is due on screen next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17803570", "title": "Ludhiana sculptor receives Best Art Work award", "text": "LUDHIANA: A city based sculptor has won the Best Art Work award at the Delhi International Film Festival held in New Delhi.Harminder Singh Boparai, art teacher at Sat Paul Mittal school, earned acclaim for his sculpture of a dog sitting before a gramophone.\"I received the award for my sculpture marking 100 years of Delhi and cinema. I made the dog with metal scrap and the gramophone is a logo of a renowned music company.\"Of 6,000 entries in the art work category, 100 were shortlisted for display at the Delhi International Film Festival from December 21 to 27.Boparai attributed his success to parents Ajit Singh and Mohinder Kaur and said he will make Ludhianvis proud one day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17803363", "title": "Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation to run 5 of BSL canteens", "text": "BOKARO: Bokaro Steel Plant has roped in Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC) to run canteens inside the unit's premise following several complaints about the quality of food and hygiene.There are 20 canteens which cater to 19,000 employees and thousands of contract workers. However, IRTC will get charge of five canteens.A memorandum of understanding (MoU) was signed between general manager of IRCTC A K Biswas and GM-personnel B K Thakur in presence of DGM (in-charge), BSL, C S Sinha.State-run IRCTC runs canteens of other steel units under SAIL, including ISP, Burnpur, Rourkela Steel Plant and Bhilai Steel Plant, said BSL spokesperson Sanjay Tiwary. Biswas said IRCTC has promised to provide better service to the employees of BSL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17801406", "title": "NGO drafts 'bill' to deal with harassment", "text": "MUMBAI: At a time when spontaneous protests have broken out across the country against the frequent assaults on women, a voluntary organization, Help Mumbai Foundation (HMF), has stepped in to highlight a crucial legal vacuum when it came to dealing with sexual harassment cases.Stating that Maharashtra did not have any specific provision to book sexual harassment offenders in the state, the organization has drafted a document and proposed to the state's women and child development department that it could be the basis for a separate bill to tackle sexual harassment cases.Though thousands of women suffer every day in the country, there is no separate legal provision to deal with sexual harassment.Most offenders are booked under sections 506, 509 or 354 of the law that largely deal with outraging the modesty of a woman. \"There is no uniform law to deal with sexual harassment and existing sections lack clear definitions. A separate provision is essential to deter the crime,\" said Sana Syed, director of HMF, adding that other states such as Andhra Pradesh and Orissa had tweaked state legislations to make the crime a non-bailable offence. Tamil Nadu has even brought in a separate legislation prohibiting sexual harassment. HMF members have demanded that harassment offenders be punished with prison terms of up to three years and a fine of Rs 20,000. They propose that deaths following such crimes be explicitly considered \"harassment deaths\" or \"harassment suicides\".A copy of the proposed bill was presented to state women and child development minister Varsha Gaikwad on December 8. Incidents of sexual harassment have been on the rise with over 8,436 such cases reported in Maharashtra last year. Earlier this month, a 19-year-old boy, Santosh Vichivara, was even killed by five teenagers in Dombivli for protesting against sexual harassment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "rourkela", "code": "17803457", "title": "Girl claims rape by 3 in Rourkela", "text": "ROURKELA: Close on the heels of the alleged gang rape of a tribal woman under Kutra police station area of the district on Christmas night, a similar incident under Biramitrapur police station has come to the fore here on Thursday night. While Sundergarh police had arrested five persons involved in the December 25 rape case, the culprits of the Thursday night incident are yet to be booked.The latest victim, a girl from Sarandaposh basti under Kuanrmudna outpost area of the district, works at a local brick kiln unit. At about 6 pm on Thursday when she was returning home from work, a group of three persons forcibly took her on a two wheeler to a neighboring area. The trio allegedly raped the girl one after another and left the spot on their motor cycle. The girl returned home at about 9 pm, after which her family members lodged an FIR at the Kuanrmunda police outpost.Sundergarh police managed to nab one of the accused. \"We have arrested the main accused of the case, who has been identified as Ashok Lakra,\" said Sundergarh SP Sanjib Arrora. \"We have also identified the two other persons involved in this crime and they will be nabbed soon,\" Arrora said.In the December 25 incident, the 22-year-old tribal girl was returning home from a local church when a group of five persons allegedly dragged her to a paddy field and gang-raped her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "nizamabad/adilabad", "code": "17802472", "title": "Protests in districts over Telangana delay", "text": "NIZAMABAD/ADILABAD: Protests were organised in the Telangana districts on Friday against the UPA government's 'delaying' tactics in taking a decision in favour of T. Telangana supporters took out rallies, staged dharnas and burnt effigies of the central government. While CPI activists took out a rally from Railway Kaman to the bus stand and burnt the effigy of UPA government, PDSU activists burnt the effigy of AICC president Sonia Gandhi at NTR crossroads. Telangana Vidhyavanthula Vedika leaders staged a dharna in front of the district Congress office. BJP activists also staged a protest demonstration at various places in the district. An effigy of the Union government was burnt at Pitlam mandal headquarters.Telangana Rashtra Samithi district president Alur Ganga Reddy criticised the Centre for 'betraying' the people of the region. He appealed to the people to participate in the Telangana bandh on Saturday and make it a success. In Adilabad, TRS, BJP, CPI, JAC and other Telangana sympathisers staged demonstrations across the district rally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17802077", "title": "Cement major to set up third unit in West Bengal", "text": "KOLKATA: The Mamata Banerjee government's efforts to attract investment to the state seem to be bearing fruit. Ambuja Cement (ACL), the subsidiary of global cement major Holcim of Switzerland, has evinced interest to set up a third unit in Bengal. The company has plants in Sankrail and Farakka.State commerce and industries minister Partha Chatterjee said the cement major was looking for a greenfield unit in Bengal. The minister was speaking to reporters on the sidelines of a programme to kickstart expansion of the company's grinding unit in Sankrail.\"They are in talks to set up a plant near Bandel in Hooghly. This will boost industrialization in the state,\" he said. Chatterjee said that ACL would invest close to Rs 225 crore for the new unit. \"They already have some land there and will buy the rest,\" he added.ACL, one of the leading cement manufacturing companies in India, started cement production in 1986. In 2006, global cement major Holcim acquired management control of ACL. Its current cement capacity is 27.25 million tonnes. The firm has five integrated cement manufacturing plants and eight cement grinding units across the country.Ajay Kapur, ACL CEO, said that the company was actively looking for a third plant in Bengal. \"We are looking at some options. The size of the plant would be 1-1.5 million tonnes,\" he added.Commenting on expansion of the Sankrail unit, Kapur said that it includes an investment of Rs 325 crore and will increase the capacity from its present level of 1.5 million tonnes per annum to 2.4 million tonnes per annum. \"This is a moment of great pride and achievement for all of us at Ambuja. Since the time the plant was launched in 2000, we have crossed one milestone after another and have made steady progress,\" Kapur added.Business head SN Toshniwal recalls the growth of this unit. \"From the very beginning of its manufacturing operation, Sankrail unit left a strong footprint in the region by providing the best quality cement available in India.\" While the construction was completed in a record time of nine months, commercial production commenced in February 2001. ACC , another Holcim Group firm, also has a grinding unit in Purulia. The Sankrail unit of ACL was one of the most advanced cement plants in the region.Besides Bengal, ACL is also looking at setting up a 5-m integrated cement plant in Rajasthan. \"We are actively pursuing the Rajasthan project with an annual capacity of 5 million tonnes. It will meet demands of the northern region,\" Kapur added.On the eve of 2013, Bengal got some solace in the industrial front. Ambuja Cement, the subsidiary of global cement major Holcim of Switzerland, has evinced interest to set up third unit in the state. Now the company has a grinding unit at Sankrail in Howrah. The state commerce and industries minister Partha Chatterjee told reporters after kick starting the expansion of Sankrail unit that the global cement major is looking for a greenfield unit in Bengal.\"They are in discussion for setting up a plant near Bandel in Hooghly. This will boost industrialisation in the state,\" he said. Chatterjee added that ACL would invest close to Rs 225 crore for the grinding unit. \"They already have some land there and the rest it would buy,\" he said. Incidentally, ACL is one of the leading cement manufacturing companies in India and commenced cement production in 1986. In 2006, global cement major Holcim, acquired management control of ACL. Its current cement capacity is 27.25 million tonnes. The Company has 5 integrated cement manufacturing plants and 8 cement grinding units across the country. Later on while talking to TOI, ACL CEO, Ajay Kapur said that it is actively looking for a third plant in Bengal. \"We are looking at options and the size of the plant would be 1-1.5 million tonne,\" he added. Currently ACL has plants in Sankrail and Farakka. Commenting on expansion of Sankrail, Kapur added that it includes an investment of Rs 325 crore where the capacity would increase from its present level of 1.5 million tonne per annum to 2.4 million tonne cement per annum. \"This is a moment of great pride and achievement for all of us at Ambuja. From the launch of this plant in 2000, we have crossed one milestone after another and have made steady progress.,\" he added.Business Head SN Toshniwal recalls the growth of this unit. \"From the very beginning of its manufacturing operation, Sankrail unit put a strong footprint in the region by providing the best quality cement available in India.\" Construction was completed in a record time of nine months and commercial production commenced in February 2001. Incidentally, ACC, another Holcim Group firm too has a grinding unit in the state at Purulia. The Sankrail unit of ACL was one of the most advanced cement plants in the region.Besides Bengal, it is looking to set up a 5 mt integrated cement plant in Rajasthan. \"We are also actively pursuing on the Rajasthan project with an annual capacity of 5 mln tn. It will service the demand from the northern region,\" Kapur added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17803109", "title": "4 kids charred in Mirzapur", "text": "LUCKNOW: Four siblings aged between 1 and 7 years were charred to death in a fire, which erupted from a kerosene lamp kept inside the single room house on the outskirts of Mirzapur on Friday evening. The deceased including two sons and two daughters of a daily wage labourer in Akori village in the Vindhyanchal belt of the district.Reports said the incident took place around 7.00 pm when the wife of Qadeeman Yadav put all her four children to sleep and left her house to relieve herself. As a routine, she had lit a kerosene lamp and had left a piece of coal smouldering in the stove made of clay. At around 7.30 pm, locals spotted thick clouds of smoke bellowing out of Yadav's house and rushed to the site only to find the single room house wrapped in flames. tnnWhile some of the villagers informed the fire department and the police, others got down to douse the flames using buckets of water. However, by the time the fire was extinguished, three of the four children were charred to death. The locals rushed the lone survivor - a 5-year-old girl - to the hospital where she succumbed to her 90% burns.The incident triggered anger among the locals, who were furious over the delay on the part of the local police and the district fire department. Allegations are that police arrived at the mishap site almost an hour after the villagers had doused the flames and rushed the lone surviving victim to the hospital. The mother of the four children slipped into shock, when she returned home from the fields, police said. Further details are awaited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17803283", "title": "Business Process Outsourcing employee knocks down three people", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In yet another hit-and-run case, an inebriated 31-year-old official with a BPO in Mohali rammed his speeding Swift Dezire into barricades at a police check post and injured three home guard volunteers, including a woman cop, in Sector 30 on Friday.After knocking the volunteers down, the negligent driver Gurpreet Singh pressed the car's accelerator and hit another vehicle at light-point Ramdarbar near Sector 31, around 1km away from the first spot. The registration number plate of Singh's car was broken and a part of it was recovered from Sector 30 and another from Sector 31.Accused Singh has been arrested under charges of rash driving and attempt to murder.Singh was driving his car at a speed of around 80km per hour.Injured volunteers Jasbir Singh, Sarwan Singh and Baljinder Kaur have been admitted to Government Medical College and Hospital-32 and their condition is stated to be stable. The trio suffered injuries to their legs.The incident took place around 12.55pm when the volunteers were yet to remove the barricades when the speeding car hit them and fled the spot. Some of the civilians tried to chase the white colour car but failed.Rajesh Ahuja, who informed the police control room about the accident, said, \"Three volunteers were standing at a corner of the road when the car rammed them and escaped. Before knocking them down, the driver also hit two barricades.\"SHO of PS industrial area inspector Narinder Patial said, \"Gurmeet escaped after knocking down the volunteers but after 10 minutes, another call said a Swift car had hit another vehicle in Sector 31.The broken part of number plate, which was recovered in Sector 30, was matched with another part found in Sector 31.\"Gurmeet would be produced in a local court in district court, Sector 17, on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17805523", "title": "The rapes that we don't talk about", "text": "Today, I do not write as a reporter. Not as an activist or as a protester. I write today as a girl, a possible future victim and a scared and a hopeless human being. My fear rises from the sheer brutality the 23-year old was put through. My hopelessness rises from my instinct that she may end up being one of the many cases that are stacked up in offices as case files. While I write this, I am aware of the flak I may face from sections of the community. But before anyone starts off with an intelligent discourse, which everyone is entitled to, I have a question for you. Which law will ensure my safety within my very home? Baffled? Don't be.When the case the 23-year old victim plight came to light it was the sheer brutality that hit me the most. To be subjected to such violence is not just inhuman but purely unnatural. Without delving much into it the reporter in me took over, asking me to look at it from a distance and as a story. As I started doing that, and with the outbreak of protests across Delhi the protester in me was switched-on. After a point I wanted nothing but justice for HER. Most of the times when most braved lathis and I had a notepad in my hand, I prayed for a change in roles. But, that wish was to soon change when, while interacting with more people on the job, I learnt that it was unfair of me to demand justice for just one victim where awaiting the same are a thousand unheard voices. With every passing day I learnt the mistakes I was making and correcting them as I went.And it was this understanding that makes me very hopeless about my countrymen. When I look at the thousands protesters on the streets demanding a firm law, more policing and justice for the rape victim, my thoughts go to a place where rape is born, in our very homes. They search the eyes of a million women not demanding for justice but are forced to live day in and day out with their rapists. I look around to see a million women silently living each day the horrific incident that happened to them, not by a stranger but by a loved one. An uncle, a husband maybe a grandfather or a father. But they live in silence because that is what they were taught and the same men were taught to roam around freely, by who we call family.This makes me wonder. Can there ever be justice for them? What is that will undo the permanent scarring they have received. Can anything mend the betrayal of their families? Most importantly, aren't we covering up the hideous acts of the same men, today we say are a threat to us? Aren't we fighting a cause with double standards?Knowing my nation it will be an uproar to talk about this or even tread this side of rape. Since it is this side that exposes how shallow our hypocritical patriarchal families are. But isn't addressing the issue from the root a solution, to weed out the rapist in the male members of our family. Or let it never be born in the first place.Even as the braveheart goes to light a better place , I feel saddened to see that rape is still being treated as something one is born with or takes to over-night. No one till now has introspected and said as mother \"we will BELIEVE when a girl comes to us complaining about our teenage sons,\" \"we will not tell our daughters to shut up and live with it.,\" \"we will not tarnish the reputation of the girl and glorify the son.\" Rather we are screaming about more cops, fall of a government and capital punishment. The first two may happen, but the third one is up for a serious question, are we ready to turn in those people who we call family members? Are we ready to make that change?Are we in true spirit willing to fight a mindset that has so sleathily creeped into us and made it our way of living?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17802938", "title": "Man sells daughter for Rs 1 lakh", "text": "JAIPUR: A man was booked in Kota town on Friday for selling his 13-year-old daughter for Rs 1 lakh and trying to force her to marry the buyer, police said.The man's estranged wife and daughter recently approached the senior police officers in Kota, following which a police case was registered against him, officials said.According to police, Devi Lal is a resident of Dhulet area in Kota, some 300 km from Jaipur.\"His estranged wife Shyama Devi and their daughter Krishna came to lodge the complaint with the district superintendent of police, Vikas Pathak. In a statement to the officer, the girl alleged that her father sold her for Rs1 lakh and was now forcing her to stay with her buyer. Devi Lal had even taken the money from the buyer,\" a police officer said.The officer said that Devi Lal separated from his wife a couple of years ago.\"The woman then married a man living in nearby Bundi district. The woman said that Devi Lal visited her house and tried to take the girl forcibly with him,\" said the officer.He added that police have lodged a first information report (FIR) on the basis of the complaint of the woman and her daughter and launched a search for Devi Lal. agencies", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "17801094", "title": "Kanshiram hospital Out Patient Department to start in Feb", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: With the construction work of the much delayed multi-crore Kanshiram Hospital in Greater Noida almost complete now, authorities have said that the Out Patient Department (OPD) services will become operational from February next year.As per the initial plan, the construction work was to have been completed almost a year ago. The OPD services were to have begun from November 30. However, several factors such as paucity of funds, elections, land acquisition row, etc, led to the project being severely delayed. However, the Greater Noida Authority CEO Rama Raman has said that the OPD services will finally begin in February, 2013.The OPD services at the Kanshiram Hospital are likely to benefit thousands of residents of Greater Noida and its neighbouring villages. In the absence of a government hospital in Greater Noida, currently there is increased pressure on the multispecialty Ambedkar hospital in Noida. \"Over 2,000 patients, including several from Greater Noida visit the district hospital in Noida every day. The Noida hospital isn't equipped to deal with such pressure,\" said an Authority official.The under-construction Kanshiram Hospital in Greater Noida is spread across 15 acres. As per the Detailed Project Report, the multispecialty hospital will have more than 16 departments, including pulmonary, endocrinology, diabetic, neurology, nephrology, skin allergy, psychiatry, cardiology, ophthalmology, orthopedics , etc. To cater to the surgical needs of patients, 16 modular operation theatres and eight intensive care units have been built. Considering its strategic location, near NH-91, a trauma centre has also been approved for the hospital. According to Rama Raman, \"the 500-bed hospital will have world class treatment facilities\" similar to that in the Ambedkar Hospital in Noida.As per the initial plan, the Kanshiram Hospital, one of former UP Chief Minister Mayawati's dream projects was scheduled to become functional from June 2011. However, following the delay, in February this year the authorities had constituted a sub-committee comprising the Greater Noida Authority's DCEOs and several members of the Sanjay Gandhi Postgraduate Institute of Medical Sciences, Lucknow to help procure essential medical equipment for the hospital and bring the project back on track.The state government had also allocated a sum of Rs. 350 crore to facilitate the procurement of the required equipment etc. The Hospital is being constructed at a total cost of Rs. 760 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17801150", "title": "Cops to go after drunk drivers with handycams", "text": "MUMBAI: Apart from using CCTV cameras to keep an eye on revellers on New Year's Eve, the traffic police plan to use 100 handycams as well. Officers said they would be looking out for speedsters; last year on December 31, the traffic police caught 739 motorists for drunk driving.\"We want to caution motorists against travelling atop cars, riding inside vehicle trunks or playing loud music. Police teams will be taking videos and those found violating traffic rules will be challaned,\" said additional commissioner (traffic) Brijesh Singh.Around 3,500 traffic police personnel\u00e2\u20ac\u201dboth men and women\u00e2\u20ac\u201dwill be on the roads. Nakabandis have been increased threefold and local police will be roped in. Leaves of all traffic cops have been cancelled.\"We caught 12,500 people for drunk driving this year. The number soars on New Year's Eve in particular,\" Singh said. For bandobast, the traffic police have identified spots prone to crowding. \"Access roads to such spots will be kept free and cranes will be used to remove vehicles found blocking roads. Apart from traffic congestion, vehicles parked at crowded places could also pose a terror threat. Sufficient parking space for vehicles will be provided,\" said an officer.The traffic police also want parents to play an active role by making their children discuss their party plans, especially the time they would return home. Youngsters can store their parents' phone numbers under the head ICE (in case of emergency) in their handsets, which can be accessed easily in the event of an accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17803128", "title": "Nursery woes back to haunt parents", "text": "NEW DELHI: The new year would start with a challenge for parents of three-year-olds in the city. All the private recognized schools will start the sale and submission of application forms for their entry level classes for the 2013-14 session from Tuesday. Following the directives of the department of education, Delhi government, the schools will keep the sale and submission of application window open from January 1 to 15, 2013.Schools will continue to follow the point system to shortlist the aspirants for admission in nursery and KG classes. In case of schools receiving applications in access of the number of seats available and there are multiple aspirants scoring same points, the selection will be based on draw of lots. Also there are schools which are going to shortlist aspirants purely via draw of lots.Parents will now have two sets of anxiety - \"first whether their wards will get a seat in the school of their choice and second whether they will get a seat at all. Our advice is all schools by January 1 declare their formulae of points and parents should first check in which schools they are scoring the maximum points and apply in those. Perception about a school should not be the criteria of applying at this stage,\" said principal of Ahlcon International, Mayur Vihar, Ashok Pandey.With 15 days' window period for application parents should not panic. \"There is no reason for panic and parents should select four to five schools in the vicinity and wait for the first list. Also many schools have increased their intake so there should not be much of a problem. Problem may arise in case parents apply in just one or two schools of their 'choice,\" said principal of DAV, Vikaspuri, Chitra Nakra.So its time to get the documentation right and stay prepared as one starts applying in as many school as possible in the neighbourhood. \"Parents should be ready with all documents, affidavits and initial fees for two schools. The basic rule is to block the first seat and as some schools are announcing their first list as early as January 17. In case one gets shortlisted in a second school there after the parents should be ready with the fees as refund of the fees from the first school will take at some time. As per fee refund policy of DOE school have refund all the money after deducting admission fee/ registration fee and one month tuition fee within 15 days to the parent if parent withdraws the child within one month after depositing the fees. But parents should make it sure to take receipt of full amount whether paid in cash or cheque,\" said Sumit Vohra, who runs a nursery admission website.Parents can also speak to peers who underwent had experienced the process earlier. \"For parents, the only thing that works is luck and money,\" says Paras Chhabra, a resident of Dwarka, who is applying for the second time. He tried for his son last year in the Dwarka area but finally \"opted out\" as his kid had just turned three. \"Parents shouldn't wait for the top 10 schools. They should apply in many schools and see where the points distribution is working in their favour.\" He also feels points for first child should be equal to points for siblings. \"Five points don't help.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17803546", "title": "'Umang 2012' resounds with pulsating rhythms", "text": "LUDHIANA: The two-day cultural festival organized by Gujranwala Guru Nanak Institute of Vocational Studies, Civil Lines, Umang 2012, concluded on Friday. Day one on Thursday saw events like \"rangoli,\" mehandi application, poster making, slogan writing, PPT, multimedia presentation, extempore and essay writing.The programme on day two began with Shabad. This was followed by virtuoso performances in songs, dances, choreographies, solo performances and group dances. Events which earned acclaim included a choreography depicting the evil of female foeticide and a fashion show titled \"Walk N Style.\" MBA first year student Kawaljot Singh and Luciana of BCom part one were adjudged Mr and Miss GGNIVS respectively. Akhil Suri of BCom second year was adjudged Mr Elegant while Deepika of M.Sc IT third year was declared Miss Elegant. BCom first year student Manav won the Mr Glam title while Rasika of PGDCA was adjudged Miss Glam. Gurpreet Singh of BSc IT won the Best Turban prize and Ruchi Maurya of PGDCA won the Miss Gorgeous prize.The Mr and Miss Attitude prize went to Sukhraj of BSc IT and Harpreet of MBA first year. The show ended with a Bhangra and Giddha performance and prize distribution function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17803426", "title": "Expedite medical colleges, state govt tells PSUs", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Worried over doctor scarcity and the 'ailing' health care sector, the state government has begun goading the PSUs and other private players into expediting works on their medical college projects so as to begin admission latest by next academic session.At present, Odisha has eight medical colleges - three run by the state government, four private and one by the All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) - with a total intake strength of 900 to MBBS courses. Of them, the nascent AIIMS branch in Bhubaneswar began admission this year only with 50 students. The government is of the view that doctors, produced from the other seven medical colleges, are not sufficient to meet the state's growing demand and that it can tide over the current crisis to some extent in case some of the proposed medical colleges become functional in the near future.The state has been witnessing a piquant situation of a large number of pass-outs shying away from taking up government jobs, particularly in rural areas, for many reasons, including lack of treatment facilities, absence of proper accommodation and a transfer policy that has all along favoured people with connections.Officials admitted many doctors after joining 'simply abscond' or most of the times remain busy in private practice.On record the government has listed as many as 250 doctors 'absconding'. But the actual number is much more. In periphery hospitals, doctors are hardly seen. Since they have market value they don't bother to remain present in hospitals even for a few hours and can often be seen doing private practice.The government also does not dare to suspend them, because many doctors view suspension as a boon, bringing in double bonanza in the shape of subsistence allowance plus a near blanket permission to work elsewhere.There are now 3,500 doctors on the government roll as against 4,300 sanctioned posts. The three medical colleges have 1,100 doctors with a vacancy of nearly 270 doctors.\"We have planned to recruit 470 doctors soon. Every steps is being taken to qualitatively address the health care sector,\" health secretary Pradipta Mohapatra told TOI. On the absconding doctors, he said, \"The government will initiate strong action against them.\"Mohapatra said more than a dozen new medical colleges are lined up for the state. \"Works on many projects have advanced considerably. We hope by 2014, a couple of them would be ready to take students,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17803065", "title": "Girl, school teacher sexually assaulted", "text": "LUCKNOW: A school teacher was sexually assaulted in Amroha and a girl was raped in Muzaffarnagar in separate incidents reported from different parts of Uttar Pradesh during the past 24 hours on Friday evening.In Amroha, the incident took place on Thursday, when a teacher left her house in Saidangali police circle of the district for BL Public Junior High School in Tehpa village under Naksha police station of nearby Sambhal district for her routine duty, when she was intercepted by two locals. The victim was being accompanied by a fellow teacher in the same school, who too was held hostage by the accused, but somehow managed to escape. However by the time she could return with help, the miscreants had fled the scene leaving the victim in the farm fields. The victim had identified the accused as local youths Ghalib and Feroz. The incident took place near Madli Samastipur village under the Saidangali police station of Amroha and the accused have been arrested and sent to jail.In The second incident was reported from Muzaffarnagar, where a girl was allegedly held hostage in the panchayat premises of village Jogiya Khera under Paguna police station of Muzaffarnagar. A resident of the same village, the victim was on her way to the farm fields to relieve herself when the incident took place.The girl has identified the accused as Shauqueen and Rahil - both residents of Jogiya Khera village itself. Police are investigating the case and the victim was sent for medical examination to establish sexual assault. Efforts are on to trace and arrest the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17802859", "title": "India should grow keeping inflation rate in mind: C Rangarajan", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: \"Inflation is currently running way above the acceptable levels and it may take more than a year to bring it down to 6 per cent,\" C Rangarajan, eminent economist and chairman of the economic advisory council to the Prime Minister said here on Friday.\"Even as of November 2012, food inflation was as high as 8.5 per cent,\" said Rangarajan while delivering P R Brahmananda Memorial Lecture as part of the 95th annual conference of the Indian Economic Association (IEA) at Gitam University here on Friday.Observing that advanced economies have acceptable levels of inflation in the region of 2 to 3 per cent, he said most fast growing Asian economies also work around this number. \"It would be inappropriate for Indian authorities to raise the acceptable level of inflation.\"His remarks came in the backdrop of whether the acceptable level of inflation in the country must be raised upwards as the persistence of food inflation and structural factors were contributing to such a rise. \"Some people seem to argue that high growth warrants higher inflation. In the three years the country grew at a rate higher than 9 per cent, the average inflation rate was much lower at 5.2 per cent,\" he clarified.Discussing the effect of high levels of inflation, he said, \"It (high levels of inflation) undercuts motivation for savings and diverts investment into speculative channels. It would be best for policy makers to work with an acceptable level of inflation of 5 per cent.\"Elaborating on the situation in recent years, he said, \"We have had three years of high inflation. It has remained above 7 per cent since November 2009. Inflation was triggered by the increase in food grain prices, which in turn was due to decline in production by 17 million tones,\" he said.He said inflation moderated through 2010-11 and from the peak of 10.9 per cent in April 2010, came down to 8.2 per cent in November 2010. However, after unseasonal rains, the year-on-year inflation touched 9.7 per cent by March 2011. While the food price inflation of 2009-10 was triggered by the rise in food grain prices, in 2010-11 it was triggered by a rise in prices of vegetables, fruits, eggs, meat and fish.At the same time, he added there was a need for much faster rate of growth in agriculture and allied activities, if inflation is to remain low. \"Also in relation to some food articles such as vegetables, there is an urgent need to improve the current marketing arrangements which are archaic,\" he added.Rangarajan made it clear that monetary factors play a key role in determination of inflation. He said, \"While monetary authorities may have multiple objectives, they need to steer in a clear direction and prioritisation of objectives becomes essential. The primacy of price stability as an objective of monetary policy, particularly in developing economies, must be recognised.\" He said that among multiple objectives faced by monetary authorities, control of inflation becomes the dominant objective of monetary policy and takes precedence over other objectives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17801401", "title": "Citizens join hands to make Mumbai safer", "text": "MUMBAI: The Gender Resource Centre of the BMC joined hands with eminent citizens and voluntary organizations on Friday when they launched a campaign against sexual and other gender-related crimes. Supported by well-known professionals, including adman Prasoon Joshi, filmmaker Rakesh Mehra and lawyer Abha Singh, the members resolve to mark \"2013 as a year to make Mumbai Safe for Women and Children -Everywhere, 24X7\". On their agenda is improving conviction rates in gender-related crimes to 50% by 2013-end and re-activating mohalla committees, dakshata samitis.Women NGOs in south Mumbai and the Mumbai police also held a \"Women Safety Drive\". to highlight their daily woes.\"This was to create awareness among women about their rights. Often, victims don't report crimes. The NGOs will help them,\" said DCP Ravindra Shisve. The drive will also provide counselling.\"Women should not be scared. We will enlighten them of their rights and they must inform authorities if they witness any violence on women,\" They should not keep mum and make Mumbai safe,\" said ACP S Kolekar.(Inputs by S Ahmed Ali )", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17803106", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcMajnu drive\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 puts 37 molesters behind bars", "text": "INDORE: Thirty seven molesters have been arrested under the 'majnu drive' launched on December 25 here in the city. With those involved in molesting and harassing women are being warned of a stern action if caught again, said the SP (East) O P Tripathy.\"We have a team of around 10 policemen and woman personnel patrolling in the east and west zones in the city. The patrolling team is divided into two teams, while one will be disguised in uniform the other will be in civil clothes,\" said Tripathy.It will help us keep a close watch on the wrong doers, he added. The drive is being run in wake of the heinous case of sexual assault in Delhi recently. \"We have had such drives in the past, but this time it will be extensive in nature,\" said he.Having already seized almost 647 tinted glass sheets from cars in only four days, cops plan to carry on the drive for next few days. With New Year round the corner, Indore police plans to be on its toes this time, keeping in mind the safety of women in the night. Police have made special arrangements to prevent any untoward incident from taking place on New Year.SP, head quarters Indore, Dr. Ashis said, \"Cops will be deployed in large numbers especially in crowded areas. Besides, surveillance cameras will be installed at all major crossings across the city.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "rajgiri", "code": "17802520", "title": "Deputy CM opens Rajgir festival", "text": "RAJGIRI: Deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi inaugurated the 21st Rajgir festival at Qila Maidan on Friday. The newly built international convention centre's inauguration was postponed as chief minister Nitish Kumar could not reach Rajgir from Delhi due to inclement weather.Minister of art, culture and youth affairs, Sukhda Pandey, mines and geology minister Satyadeo Narayan Arya, vice-chancellor of Nalanda University Gopa Sabarwal, principal secretary, tourism, Deepak Kumar, MP from Nalanda, Kaushlendra Kumar and all the MLAs and MLCs of the district were also present.The absence of chief minister on the occasion dampened the spirit of the revellers. The visitors were also disappointed as Sufi singer Zila Khan also failed to reach the venue. He was to perform on the opening day of the festival. People were looking for tourism minister Sunil Kumar Pintu who also could not reach here, despite the fact that his department is the chief sponsor of the festival along with district administration, Nalanda.The Rajgir festival, which was earlier known as Rajgir Nritya (dance) Mahotsav, was started in 1986. The then chief minister, late Bindeshwari Dubey, had inaugurated the festival in Swarna Bhandar area on April 4. 1986 in the presence of the then Union tourism minister, late HKL Bhagat, the then state tourism minister Uma Pandey and the then state deputy minister of education, Surendra Kumar Tarun.The tourism department-sponsored festival continued till 1989. It was not held for the subsequent four years before getting revived in 1994. Since then, it is an annual event on the calendar of Bihar Tourism. With a change of venue and the added colour and development of new tourist spots in the last few years, the festival has become a favourite event for domestic as well as foreign tourists.Following chief minister Nitish Kumar's initiative and timely execution of programmes by DM Sanjay Kumar Agrawal for the development of tourists spots, including Ghora Katora dam, Pandu Pokhar etc, and the renovation of various pilgrim centres in and around Rajgir, the festival is now organized at a more accessible Qila Maidan in the backdrop of Ratnagiri hills. Various sporting activities like tonga race, martial arts competitions, mehndi contest, mahila utsav, food plaza, gramshree mela etc have been introduced besides organizing performance by artists of national and international repute.The efforts of the tourism department and the district administration to add something new every year have also paid off. This year, they have included horse race and a book fair for the tourists.Noted artists like Hema Malini . Sonal Man Singh, Birju Maharaj, Bhupen Hazarika, Pandit Hariprasad Chaurasia, Ghulam Ali , Talat Aziz, Ravindra Jain, Hari Haran, Shovana Narayan, Jaspinder Narula, Alka Yagnik , Meenakshi Seshadri, Roop Kumar Rathod and Sonali Rathore have already performed during Rajgir Mahotsav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17802831", "title": "One held for Fatuha rape", "text": "PATNA: Arjun Yadav, one of the three named accused in the alleged rape case of a minor girl, Tina (name changed), was arrested by Patna police on Friday morning from Lahri police station area in Nawada district.Tina's parents had lodged an FIR with the Shahjahanpur police station under Fatuha subdivision in Patna district on December 26 morning. They had charged Guddu Yadav, Arjun Yadav and Annu Kumar with raping their daughter near a bridge at Chhoti Kewai village.Patna SSP Amrit Raj said, \"A team led by Patna SP (city) Jayant Kant raided different places and arrested Arjun from one of his friend's place under Lahri police station.\"He said, \"Police have not yet received the medical test report of Tina. However, the report is not very important right now. The investigation would be conducted on the basis of the girl's statement recorded under Section 164 of the CrPc.\" The SSP said, \"After her medical examination at PMCH, doctors have ascertained her age at 16, not 12 as mentioned by her parents.\"According to police officials, Arjun has confessed his involvement in the crime and raids were being conducted in search of Guddu and Annu. Sections 363, 366 and 376 of the IPC have been slapped against the three accused.Tina and the three accused were natives of Dhaniyawan village and Tina used to know Guddu, the auto driver who lured her. Police have already seized the auto which was used to take the girl to Chhoti Kewai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17800774", "title": "Man gets life imprisonment for setting wife ablaze", "text": "NAGPUR: District and additional sessions judge S D Mohod on Friday sentenced a man to life imprisonment and also slapped a fine of Rs5,000 and another year of jail in default for setting wife afire which led to her death in 2010. Chandrabhan Kale, convicted under section 302 of Indian Penal Code (IPC), is employed with the water department of Nagpur Municipal Corporation.Kale had demanded money for purchasing liquor from wife Vimal, but she declined. Vimal had refused to part with money as she said drinking liquor could lead to health complications. Enraged by the refusal, Kale assaulted wife before setting her on fire.Based on the dying declaration, Khaparkheda police slapped murder charges against Kale. The court, relying on the prosecution's case, sent the NMC employee to life imprisonment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17807702", "title": "Cast of R K Laxman Ki Duniya meet R K Laxman", "text": "Best known for his creation 'The Common Man', Padma Vibhushan R.K. Laxman's select work was showcased yesterday (28 December 2012) in the presence of the star cast of SAB TV's light hearted show titled R. K. Laxman Ki Duniya - Atul Parchure, Vandana Pathak and Director JD Majethia.The cast of SAB TV's leading show R.K. Laxman Ki Duniya that has touched the heart of millions of viewers from across India, commemorated his work by going through R.K. Laxman's personal favourites with him.The cast of R.K. Laxman Ki Duniya spent time with honorable R.K. Laxman expressing how his cartoons and illustrations have moved them in reel and real life. R.K. Laxman, as a token of appreciation drew a beautiful illustration and gifted it to the cast members which had them exuberated!Atul Parchure who plays Bhavesh Krishnakant Vasavda in R K Laxman Ki Duniya added, 'It was an honour meeting R K Laxman at the exhibition of his prized art work. His cartoons and illustrations have contributed tremendously to our country and to our show R K Laxman Ki Duniya. The show is an extension of his ideas which makes him the man behind the show'At this grand exhibition that celebrated best of R.K. Laxman's art work were his wife Smt. Kamala Laxman along with cast members of R.K. Laxman Ki Duniya , celebrities, politicians and noted art connoisseurs who were honoured to be in his presence.For the cast members of SAB TV's R.K. Laxman Ki Duniya , the illustration gifted by R.K. Laxman is reminiscence of their rendezvous with the honorable cartoonist; its a lifelong memory they'll cherish.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17801518", "title": "Nithari slums burnt to ashes", "text": "NOIDA: A huge fire gutted nearly 40 shanties in Noida's Nithari locality, infamous for the serial killings of children that were exposed in December 2006. The fire reportedly broke out early Thursday morning around 1am and quickly engulfed a huge area. Firefighters were rushed to the spot to start rescue work. Though only five people are reported to have received minor injuries in the incident, police are yet to ascertain the reason for the fire.Firemen took over three hours to bring the blaze under control in the shanties located right behind the house on plot D-5 in Sector 30 which was the centre for the Nithari serial killings. A senior fire officer confirmed that there were no casualties in the fire and seven fire engines had reached to extinguish the flames. According to officials, the fire caused a huge loss of property as several families in the area have lost everything they owned as their homes were gutted.\"The fire call was made around 1.15am. This area has hundreds of shanties in the confined area. The reason for the fire is not yet known, but we do not have reports of any casualties,\" said an official. Locals claimed their shanties could have been saved if they had got timely help. Fire tenders had only been able to reach the area after 45 minutes.Meanwhile, the district administration, taking note of the extreme winter weather conditions, has announced that the affected families could take shelter at a community centre in the area. The Noida MLA has also said that all help will be rendered to those who have become homeless in the incident. \"We have identified 25 families affected by the fire so far. They have also been distributed blankets and food,\" said Pushpraj Singh, city magistrate.Earlier in the year, a similar fire had broken out in Nawada area of Noida. Fire officers said that shanties and other crowded areas are more liable to catch fires. \"The fire spreads more quickly in areas where the houses are crowded together and in unauthorized slum clusters fire safety regulations and by-laws are not followed,\" said an official.Fire officials explained that lack of awareness and general apathy to fire safety amongst citizens is one of the major reasons for accidental fires breaking out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17802343", "title": "Corporation not to clear new water connections till water level in Siruvani rises", "text": "COIMBATORE: The corporation has passed a resolution to stop approving new water connections in the city till the Siruvani water level rises. As per the available water in the Siruvani, supply will last only till the second week of February 2013. The corporation plans to interlink Pillur and Siruvani supply lines in six locations to divert Pillur water to areas where there is a shortage, especially in the Siruvani fed areas.On Friday, the water level in Siruvani was 867.90m, and the corporation supplied 37 mld. The dead storage in the reservoir is 863.4m beyond which the corporation won't be able to draw water from the source. The corporation has supplied 65 mld of water from Pillur I scheme and 30mld from Pillur II project. \"We have installed five motor pumps (each 375 hp) to draw more drinking water at Pillur dam. One more motor pump will be installed within two days. From January1, 2013, the corporation will get an additional 30 mld of water from the Pillur II project,\" said T K Ponnusamy, commissioner, Coimbatore Municipal Corporation. The municipal corporation will supply 125 mld of water from Pillur I and II schemes. In addition to that 35 to 37 mld of water will be supplied from Siruvani,\" said Ponnusamy.Pillur and Siruvani supply lines will be interlinked at RG Street, Tatabad, Shoba Corner and Ukkadam. The interlinking will be done at Race Course on Sunday. The corporation council passed a resolution on Friday sanctioning Rs 64.60 lakh to lay a pipeline from Sanganoor to Mettupalayam road extending up to 500 meters to supply Pillur water instead of Siruvani water.The civic body had plans to interlink the main reservoirs at Ramakrishnapuram and Bharathipark so that water from Pillur reservoir could be diverted to the municipal wards where residents rely on Siruvani water and endure extreme water shortage during summer months. The corporation has sanctioned Rs 17.6 crore to implement the project. This project will start towards the tail end of next year.\"The corporation has 2.51 lakh water connections in the city so the public does not need to panic. We are taking steps to ensure adequate drinking water supply,\" said Ponnusamy.On Friday, an emergency council meeting was held at Victoria Hall at the corporation. As many as 10 DMK councillors boycotted the meeting and raised slogans against the corporation inside the council hall. Later, they conducted a sit in protest outside the Victoria Hall. \"The mayor is not allowing us to speak on public issues. The corporation is not managing its civic duties in an efficient manner,\" said A Nandakumar, DMK councillor.The corporation also passed a resolution against the DMK councilors for raising slogans inside the council hall. \"If any councilor raises slogans inside the hall, stringent action would be taken against him,\" said Velusamy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17800873", "title": "Increased pollution by power plants puts villagers at risk", "text": "NAGPUR: Once again, the drop in temperature has made life difficult for people staying around Koradi and Khaparkheda power plants as thick layers of fly-ash are getting deposited on their farms and houses. Persons with respiratory ailments are finding it difficult to breathe and those having relatives nearby have shifted there.Farmers are the worst affected as they suffer financial loss too. A lot of them grow vegetables in the fields near the power plant. The produce does not fetch enough price as repeated fly-ash deposition has affected the quality adversely.While the affected persons have resigned to their fate, most of them don't know that Mahagenco is blatantly violating norms and is admitting it too. Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB) knows about it but is not doing anything as usual. Both can be hauled up for criminal neglect of their duties.Two years ago, a sudden increase in fly-ash emission from Koradi plant had caused widespread damage to crops in many villages. A joint survey was done by Mahagenco and agriculture department officials. The report submitted by them stated that the damage had occurred but the villagers are yet to get compensation.Shailendrakumar Bhoyar, sarpanch of Lonkhairi village, which was one of the worst affected, told TOI, \"Crops in 150 acre near the village was damaged badly. The survey officials had agreed to provide compensation at Rs25,000 per acre but even after two years we are yet to get a single penny. We have met minister of state for power Rajendra Mulak several times but every time he tells us that the file is being processed in Mumbai.\"TOI on Friday morning visited Lonkhairi village, where fly-ash deposition was very high between 8-15 days ago. Even now it remains one of the worst affected villages due to the wind direction.Sheshrao Anjankar, who owns eight acres, said the agricultural output has gone down sharply due to heavy fly-ash emissions. \"Some 25 years ago, there were orange orchards in 100 acres. Now, only they remain only on five acres and the owners are thinking of chopping down the trees as the number of fruits has reduced sharply.\"Another villager Bhaskar Anjankar said, \"I should not say this but people who consume vegetables grown by us will develop some ailment just like we have. I have chronic respiratory problem since last three years. Many times I get coughing fits.\"Om Jajodiya, a businessman who has a farm near Koradi power plant , rued the severe damage to his cotton and turmeric crops. \"The teak trees are dying due to heavy ash deposition on the leaves.\"The fly-ash is wreaking havoc in suburbs of Nagpur too. Mamta Nandi, a resident of Godhni, told TOI, \"My plants have stopped flowering and are wilting. Piped water supply is not available in the area and we solely depend on wells. But this water is gradually becoming unfit for drinking. Many people have developed chronic respiratory problems,\" she complained adding that the emissions increased in the night.Anil Nandanwar, chief general manager (CGM) of Koradi plant, said the increase in pollution was due to very poor coal quality. \"The ash content is 49%, which is very very high. Due to excess coal loading the bag filters had become non-functional and we are replacing the bags. So far, 5,000 bags have been replaced and in another two months each unit will have a filter of 8,000 bags.\"Sudhir Paliwal of Vidarbha Environmental Action Group (VEAG) expressed shock over the fly-ash content. \"As per norms of both MoEF and MPCB, the ash content cannot be higher than 34%. How can Mahagenco use coal with 49% ash content? Doesn't it care for the lives of people living in the vicinity of the plant? MPCB should immediately prosecute the company or do away with the limit,\" he angrily said.Paliwal added that as per MPCB norms, the electrostatic precipitators (ESPs) should work at 99.97% efficiency. \"A look at the emission from the plant shows that they are nowhere near the mark,\" he claimed.Blanketed by neglect*Many of the people staying in the vicinity of the power plants have developed respiratory problems. Farm produce has been affected adversely, which has led to financial losses for the farmers. Suburban areas of the city close to the plants too have been not left untouched by pollution*Farmers are still awaiting compensation of Rs25,000 per acre for the crop damage due to a sudden rise in fly-ash emission from Koradi plant two years ago. Even the minister has failed to take up the matter with the government*Though they are suffering, most of the villagers are unaware of the violation of norms. Both Mahagenco, which has admitted increase in emission levels due to bad quality coal being used, and MPCB, which is aware of the situation, can be hauled up for criminal neglect of their duties", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17803572", "title": "Liquor shops can stay open for an hour past midnight", "text": "PUNE: District collector Vikas Deshmukh said on Friday that the liquor shops would remain open till 1 am on January 1, 2013, while permit rooms and bars would be allowed to serve liquor till 1.30 am in Pune, Pimpri-Chinchwad and rural areas of the district in view of the New Year's Eve celebrations.Loudspeakers will be permitted till midnight on December 31.Addressing a news conference here, Deshmukh said that 17 squads would be deployed in the city to keep a watch on parties or events being conducted without procuring no-objection certificates from the district entertainment tax department. Similar squads will be deployed in rural areas under the guidance of subdivision officers and tehsildars. The district administration will set up additional control rooms where citizens can register complaints regarding illegal parties and nuisance. The entertainment tax department has so far received 79 applications for holding New Year's Eve programmes, he said.Deshmukh said, \"We conducted a meeting with hoteliers and owners of permit rooms and beer bars on Friday to discuss the security and surveillance plans for December 31. Hotel owners have been told not to serve liquor to customers below the age of 18, not to keep stock of illegal liquor and not to sell/supply liquor illegally. The owners should keep the volume of loudspeakers within permissible noise limits. Tehsildars of the respective areas have been asked to pay surprise visits at the parties if required.\"Deshmukh said that he would hold discussions with the city and rural police to increase security on prominent roads in the areas that witness large rush on December 31. The collector said he would discuss with the city police what action should be taken against citizens involved in rash driving on New Year's Eve. He has asked the district branch of the state excise department to provide sufficient one-day permits for liquor consumption.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17802784", "title": "Soon, a robot helper to do daily chores at home", "text": "LONDON: Scientists are designing a new ambitious robotic humanoid helper with artificial muscles to help people with everyday tasks.Engineers at the University of Zurich's Artificial Intelligence Lab hope that 1.2 metre tall Roboy, designed to look like a child, will help the sick and elderly by acting as a mechanical helper. The research team is developing radical artificial 'tendons' to help the robot move, the 'Daily Mail' reported.They have already signed up 15 project partners and over 40 engineers, and hope to fund the project using a combination of commercial partners and crowd-funding. Researchers hope Roboy will become a blueprint for 'service robots' that work alongside humans.\"Service robots are machines that are, to a certain extent, able to execute services independently for the convenience of human beings. Since they share their 'living space' with people, user-friendliness and safety are of great importance,\" researchers said. The project will use artificial tendons to develop Roboy within nine months.Roboy will be unveiled in March 2013 at the Robots on Tour event in Zurich .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17801971", "title": "Hotels do their bit for road safety on New Year's eve", "text": "CHENNAI: From hiring more drivers and valets to keeping a few rooms free for emergency stay-overs, hotels and resorts hosting some of the biggest New Year-eve parties in the city have decided to do their bit in preventing drunken driving and giving police on the roads an easier night.Valets at a popular pub in Alwarpet have been instructed not to hand over car keys to their guests on December 31 night unless they are confident the designated driver in the group is stable. As a precautionary measure they have enrolled 10 extra valets-cum-drivers to drop guests home.The B Bar in MRC Nagar has arranged for 20 drivers to be a part of its valet service on Monday night. \"This service will be free and the drivers will get an auto back to the hotel with our money,\" says Vipin Sachdev, who owns the bar.While many five star hotels plan to keep at least 6-10 standard rooms empty for guests who cannot handle themselves, most beach house party organizers and event managers advertise a chauffeur service along with the party. The Hilton is offering a room for just above 2,000 to guests who opt for one of its New Year package. Other hotels too are coming with packages that include a room.A poster advertising a DJ and heart thumping music in a private beach house has a small asterix next to it. Below, a message in tiny print declares, 'Pick-up and drop facilities available. Free for first 100 bookings'.Hoteliers, however, say the challenge is to get guests to use the valet services. \"I would be surprised if even 10-15% of our guests use this service,\" says Sachdev. \"Many drunk people do not realise it, and we can't force them to stay over or use our drivers,\" he says. The hotel has decided to put up LCD screens after 12.15am on January 1, advising people not to drive home drunk.\"Our bouncers and valets will advise guests to opt for a driver or sleep over, and maybe even advise them for a minute. After that it is their choice to take up a room or driver,\" said an official of The Park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17807362", "title": "Cars pile-up at Sola road", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A four-car pile-up near Sola flyover resulted in a long line of the vehicles getting backed up during peak hours. A city traffic police crane rushed to the spot and removed two damaged cars but traffic only normalized more than one-and-a-half hour later.According to Sola police, the incident took place at 9.45 am on Friday. Anil Rathod, a resident of Ramdevnagar, Satellite, was driving his car when a Tata Sumo rammed his car from behind. His car in turn smashed into a truck in front of him. Another car also slammed into the Sumo and reported damage of the hood and front windscreen.\"Rathod's car was totally mangled in the incident but he hasn't sustained any major injury. All the vehicles were travelling at high speed as they were about to ascend the flyover when the collision took place. A crane was called to tow away the vehicles from the bridge,\" said a Sola police official.Officials added that due to frequent accidents on and around the flyover, city traffic police had put up sign boards identifying it as an accident-prone zone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17802071", "title": "Good-hearted souls get students to pledge organs", "text": "BANGALORE: Ankur Gupta, 21, had never given a serious thought to organ donation until three youngsters, little older than him, visited his college campus and made a presentation.The Acharya Institute of Technology student was impressed by the way the youngsters, themselves engineering graduates, appealed to students to donate their organs to help save lives.\"They didn't ask for money or anything else but just a pledge from individuals to donate their organs after they are dead,\" said the electronics and communications student.\"Inspired by the presentation, I, like many others, went on to pledge my organs. I was given a green card where I had to enter my name, sign it and follow it up by informing my parents about the decision,\" he said adding, \"After my death, my organs will be donated to the needy and will help to save lives. I feel good about it already.\"The trio which moved Ankur -- Eshwar Mahadevan (22), Subhas K Chandra (22) and Amruth Thomas (24) - works under the aegis of an organization, Good Hearted Soul. The outfit has already signed up about 8,000 youngsters to donate their organs after visiting about 30 colleges in the city. It aims to get 70,000 students sign in.\"Our main aim is to create awareness about organ donation. We are aiming youngsters because they are the future decision makers of the country,\" said Eshwar.The success of Good Hearted Soul lies in making organ donation simple. \"I initially thought organ donation requires sacrificing one's body after death. But they explained to me that only necessary organs like kidneys, liver and retina will be transplanted to the needy. I signed in,\" said Mouna Somaiah, 20, final year student of PESIT engineering college.Good Hearted Soul says no major religious text forbids organ donation. \"The process requires a bit of sensitivity but can save several lives which are otherwise lost due to lack of necessary organ donors,\" Amruth said.HOW IT WORKS\"Once we sign up people, we pass the info on to the Zonal Coordination Committee of Karnataka which maintains a database. The donors are expected to pass on the news to their family. After the donors' death, their relatives will approach the committee for the donation to take place,\" Eshwar said.The signatories can also donate organs of their family membersLog inVisit goodheartedsoul.com if you want to pledge your organs", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17802528", "title": "ATM security guard found murdered", "text": "HYDERABAD: A security guard of Karur Vysya Bank ATM was found murdered a few meters away from the bank premises at Nizampet in the wee hours of Friday. Police suspect that family dispute could be the reason.According to the KPHB police, 23-year-old Phanidhar Kumar was found in a pool of blood by an auto driver at 3 am and he immediately alerted a 108 ambulance. \"He was shifted to hospital where doctors pronounced Phanidhar Kumar dead. He suffered stab injuries,'' police said.It was around 9 pm on Thursday that Phani reported for duty. Around 3 am, he was found murdered. \"The CCTV cameras in the ATM cannot capture the footage beyond the entrance door. Since Phani's body was found 20 meters away from the bank, there was no CCTV footage of any activity. It appears that the victim was chased out of the bank premises before being attacked,'' police added.Cyberabad police commissioner Ch Dwaraka Tirumala Rao said that this was not a case of murder for gain. \"This was not a case of robbery. The accused had only the intention to kill the person but not to target the ATM,'' Tirumala Rao said.In an another similar case in the Sivarampalli police station limits, a labourer, Sopan, 30, of Padmashalipuram was murdered. Police suspect his wife's hand behind his murder. Besides slitting his throat, the attackers inflicted injuries on the head of the victim, according to the police. But his wife Lalitha, who was in the same room, feigned ignorance of the murder by claiming that she was in deep sleep,'' Sivarampalli Inspector B Ramesh said. \"The needle of suspicion points to Lalitha since the couple always used to fight with each other,\" the cops said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17802005", "title": "Official falls to death at new airport terminal", "text": "KOLKATA: A senior Kolkata airport official fell to his death during an inspection of the new integrated terminal on Friday morning. He was apparently distracted by a cellphone call when the accident happened.Praveen Khandelwal, joint general manager (information technology), slipped from a platform near the ceiling and plunged 70 feet. The impact crushed the 48-year-old's lower body and led to fatal head and spinal-cord injuries.Sources said Khandelwal had boarded a retractable ramp along with two workers to inspect cables on the ceiling. After the platform was raised, his cellphone rang around 10.45am and he took the call. \"There is a strict advisory not to take phone calls while on scaffoldings or ramps. Perhaps, the call was very important and the official ignored the caution. It proved fatal,\" a source said.According to eyewitnesses, Khandelwal absent-mindedly stepped forward while on the phone, not realizing he was on the edge. One of the workers grabbed him but when he realized that he, too, would fall, he let go of Khandelwal, say sources. His colleagues rushed him to hospital but his injuries were too severe. \"The patient had sustained serious fractures and critical head and stomach injuries. He died within 10 minutes of arriving at the hospital,\" said Sushovan Dasgupta, the hospital CEO.The airport police are treating it as an accident. \"We have spoken to the people who were on the ramp as well as those in the terminal at the time,\" said an officer. Khandelwal's body was sent for post mortem.Khandelwal's wife had flown from Delhi to celebrate his birthday on Wednesday. News of his death cast a pall of gloom among colleagues.Jan. 21, 2012Tarak Singh Rai, a labourer, was killed and another, Shyamal Das, seriously injured after they fell from a height while doing a painting job at the airport cargo terminal.Sept. 17, 2011:KK Gupta, regional general manager of ATC, had jumped from the terrace of the air traffic control tower, plunging 100 feet to death. He was suffering from depression.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "17800910", "title": "Two female infants found abandoned in Akola", "text": "AKOLA: Two female infants were found abandoned at different places in Akola city. According to police sources, a one and a half year old girl was found abandoned in Akot file area while the other infant was rescued from the railway station.Police handed over both the toddlers to women and child development committee. Later on the children were sent to Utkarsha Shishu Gruha in Malkapur where they will be cared for if their fathers don't come to claim them with the 60 day period.The child care centre have named the girls Anamika and Pooja. Incidents of female infants being abandoned are on rise in Akola district despite various awareness drives against female foeticide and infanticide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17803614", "title": "'SMEs are engines of market growth'", "text": "AURANGABAD: Small and medium entrepreneurs (SMEs) are poised to become big in the Indian markets given that they produce nearly half the manufactured output and also are the largest employers of workforce in India, said chairman of CII Marathwada Zonal Council, Kulathu Kumar.The government and regulators have also recognized this fact and introduced various policy measures to help SMEs grow including activation of SME listing platform, he added. He was speaking at a seminar organised by the industries body on Thursday.This sector provides support for competitiveness and employs about 75 million people in India. There are about 30 million operating SMEs out of which is 80% are micro enterprise. They contribute 9-10% of our GDP, Kumar added.Chairman of ICSI-WIRC, Mahavir Lunawat said they would support SMEs.\" It is our endeavour to unleash initiatives for better and wider awareness of the SME listing and numerous benefits it extends,\" he added.\"The seminar on SME listing provided an opportunity to understand the SME listing, benefits and procedure,\" Mahesh Singhi, chairman of Aurangabad Chapter of ICSI-WIRC. The seminar was web-cast in Maharashtra, Goa, Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh and Chattisgarh.The WIRC would take another joint initiative in collaboration with ministry of corporate affairs (MCA) and Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) the chairman, ICSI western region, Lunawat said. Awareness programmes would be conducted for about 100 investors in three months for knowledge of financial market to investors, especially those living in small towns and remote locations.He added, \"We are striving for capacity building of company secretaries for emerging areas like SME listing and familiarizing them with the changing laws like Companies Bill, SEBI regulations and FDI norms,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "nawada", "code": "17802452", "title": "Traders defer Nawada bandh call", "text": "NAWADA: The local unit of Bihar Chamber of Commerce has deferred its Nawada bandh till December 31 following Nawada SP's assurance that Abhishek, the 15-year-old kidnapped son of Pradip Agrawal, would be safely recovered within 24 hours.Abhishek was allegedly abducted two weeks ago. It is alleged that a former classmate of Abhishek enticed him and, later, with the help of his father Sudhanshu Singh, handed him over to a relative Navin Singh, a notorious criminal out on bail.Lalit Agrawal, the uncle of Abhishek and a member of Nawada district's chamber of commerce, said he had full faith in the police and the SP's assurance. Accordingly, the traders decided to defer the bandh.The SP, Lalan Mohan Prasad, told TOI on Friday that since he wanted the boy to be recovered safely and the criminals involved in the kidnapping had been identified, direct use of force might prove fatal for the boy. He was confident that the boy would be recovered safely before Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17806129", "title": "Family of victim's friend want the rapists to be hanged", "text": "NEW DELHI: The family of the friend, who accompanied the 23-year-old gang-rape victim on the fateful night of December 16, has demanded that the six rapists should be hanged \"as soon as possible\".\"Our hearts are with the family of the girl, and we are very sad,\" a family member of the woman's friend said, declining to be identified.The 23-year-old woman was gang-raped on board a moving bus on December 16. Five men and a suspected juvenile also tortured her and beat up her friend too when they resisted. Both were then stripped and dumped by the roadside.\"Now that the girl has died, the six men should be tried for murder,\" the family member said. \"They should be hanged as soon as possible.\"The family member said they would attend the last rites of the woman after her body was brought to India from Singapore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17801256", "title": "3 burglars locked up in house", "text": "MUMBAI: Three burglars were caught red-handed after the owner of the Borivali apartment, that they had broken into, returned and locked them inside. The incident took place around 6.45 pm at Saikrupa society, Babhai naka, on Friday. The trio had broken into a flat when the owner, Sameer Waghade, was away. However, Waghade returned while they were ransacking his houseand latched the door from outside and immediately informed the police. But the cops weren't sure who the occupants of the house were and asked them to surrender. After some drama, the accused-trio was nabbed around 8.30 pm. They were being questioned about their identities at the time of going to press.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "nawada", "code": "17802486", "title": "Nawada advocates brave vagaries of weather", "text": "NAWADA: The 1250 odd advocates of Nawada Bar Association (NBA) seem destined to work under tough weather condition. Huddled like cattle under the thatched shanties and huts, they brave the lashing monsoon rains, searing summer winds and icy cold winter drafts. When the old court building behind Nawada civil SDO's residence was shifted to the present new four storeyed civil court building in year 2000, the planners did not have in their mind the need of a working place for the advocates on the 2.5 acre sprawling compound.Consequently, in the ensuing mad scramble and free-for-all attempt to find a roof in the new court building, two former government prosecutors (GP), Birendra Singh and Faiz Rasool, opened their 'offices' right underneath the staircase on the ground floor of the new civil court. Other two dozen advocates 'captured' the three-room structure meant to serve as shelter for the trial case witnesses, and muscled in with their personal tables, chairs. They also put up their name plates to 'legitimize' their possession. But the majority had to contend with erecting their own huts right opposite the entrance of the new court building, giving it a veritable look of a refugee camp.Its not that the advocates had failed to put up a struggle for a building aimed at asserting their right for a decent shelter. After a long and bitter struggle with the district administration, including a three-month long strike in 2009 and after the intervention of the Patna high court, the district administration finally relented by leasing out 17 decimal of land adjacent to the civil court for 30 years and fixed an annual fees of rupees 85,000 for the same.However, the NBA's euphoria over this 'victory' evaporated when they discovered the nature of the land allotted to them. Interestingly, while a wide sewerage-cum-drainage canal passes through one half of the land, an unauthorized building has been constructed over the remaining half by a politician, informed Ishwari Singh, NBA's former general secretary. Talks with the administration to remove the unauthorized construction fell on deaf ears. Although the NBA initially deposited rupees 85,000 to the district treasury vide an SBI challan on 23-7-2009 as rent for the said land, it stopped further payment as the district administration failed to get the encroachment removed, added Singh.Former NBA presidents, Narendra Sharma and Pawan Dixit, informed TOI that Nawada civil court is the only court in the state which does not have a building for the bar association. Citing the example of Patna high court, they said there is a building both for the bar as well as for the bench. So is the case with other civil courts in the state. Sharma said the advocates were duped into a 'deceptive lease' by the district administration. They further added that majority of the advocates did not approve of the site allotted outside the civil court campus.Meanwhile, court life at the 'refugee camp' continues to hum with the incessant activity of the advocates, litigants, hawkers and vendors with no end of a decent settlement in sight for the advocates in the foreseeable future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17803150", "title": "Centre approves subsidised ration for Kumbh visitors", "text": "LUCKNOW: Devotees heading for Maha Kumbh may hope to get ration at subsidised prices. On Friday, the Centre approved supply of foodgrains at below poverty line (BPL) rates to visitors in Kumbh. Confirming the development, UP chief secretary Jawed Usmani said that it was a long pending demand of the state government, and added that the Centre has assured of providing subsidy in LPG and kerosene as well.In November, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav wrote to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh asking the Centre to reconsider its decision of not to supply subsidised foodgrains, kerosene and LPG for pilgrims at the Maha Kumbh in Allahabad between January and March 2013.Terming Kumbh to be a massive cultural and religious festival, which offers tourism opportunities not only for UP but for India as well, Akhilesh had warned that the Centre's failure to offer assistance could lead to public resentment.In 2001, the last time Allahabad hosted Maha Kumbh, the Centre had ensured supply of subsidised food grains and other facilities for pilgrims, security personnel, akharas, religious and voluntary organisations and employees.In his letter, Akhilesh requested the Centre to provide wheat and rice at BPL rates and kerosene, LPG refill and temporary connections at PDS rates, after ministries of consumer affairs, food and public distribution, and petroleum and natural gas turned down the state government's request.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17801232", "title": "Molestation case filed after protest", "text": "MUMBAI: Members of an NGO protested outside Dindoshi police station on Friday over a delay in registering a case of molestation of a teen girl. The girl's family had clashed with the accused person on Tuesday and the police lodged cases of assault against either side, but took no cognisance of the molestation till Friday.The girl is a resident of Santosh Nagar in Goregaon (E). NGO members said a group of men from the area used to harass her often, but she did not complain to her family for fear of being made to quit college. On Tuesday, however, one of the men dragged her into his house in the presence of friends and then molested her. The girl managed to escape. At home, she broke down and showed her mother the scratch marks suffered in the struggle. Incensed, the girl's mother and a cousin went to the house of the accused to confront him. Both sides clashed and sustained injuries.\"Based on a complaint from the girl's family, we nabbed Narendra Yadav (23) and Shivprasad Yadav (24) on assault charges. A counter-complaint of trespass and assault was lodged against the girl's mother,\" said senior PI Jaywant Mane.\"There was no mention of the 16-year-old victim being molested. The victim pleaded with the police that she would be left alone with her mother in the lock-up and her father away. But they paid no heed,\" said activist Avisha Kulkarni of the NGO. \"So, we approached home minister R R Patil, who instructed that an inquiry be conducted by the regional additional commissioner. The Dindoshi police recorded the girl's statement and added molestation charges against the accused on Friday.\"Kulkarni alleged that the accused had threatened to throw acid on the teenager's face.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17802777", "title": "Centre won\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t encroach upon states' rights on water, PM says", "text": "NEW DELHI: The National Water Resources Council (NWRC) on Friday approved the new National Water Policy in its meeting here after Prime Minister Manmohan Singh assured states that the Centre did not intend to encroach upon the constitutional rights or to centralize the regulation over water resources.The new policy envisages a National Framework law for water resources that will set general principles of water management under which the Centre, states and local authorities would be required to regulate both surface and groundwater.The policy sets the tone for creating a tariff mechanism for all kind of water uses in the country, a politically-sensitive move if it is implemented. It also requires a change in existing laws to turn groundwater into a community resource, and not a private right as it currently exists.\"The central government, I repeat, does not wish to encroach, in any manner, upon the constitutionally guaranteed rights of states or to centralize water management,\" the PM said.The strong statements, demands and sentiments expressed at the meeting made it abundant that an issue that has most often remained on political backburners \u00e2\u20ac\u201d save perhaps when it comes to riparian rights of states \u00e2\u20ac\u201d is set to boil over into a serious governance concern.The policy was adopted by the Council meeting attended by several CMs and state water resource ministers who also put forth their concerns. The policy pushes for differential pricing of water \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the need for which was flagged earlier in the day by Union water resources minister Harish Rawat.He also warned that India would need around 450 billion cubic metres (BCM) of water storage in the country by 2050 to meet the requirements of various sectors. Now, India has only 253 BCM storage capacity.The Centre will amend the policy, tweaking it to address the worries expressed by state governments. \"The policy will not be re-drafted. Some modifications will be made to address the states' concerns,\" Rawat said after the meeting.The policy requires the state governments to set up a Water Regulatory Authority (WRA), which aided by technical experts, would subsequently impose and regulate water tariff charges.The policy could lead to dramatic changes in the way groundwater resources are controlled. TOI had reported earlier on the move to change existing norms and do away with private ownership of groundwater which allows individuals to dig a well almost at will and draw out unregulated levels of water. The new policy seeks for these laws and regulations to be altered suitably.Times ViewIt is about time we had a water policy that takes a comprehensive view of how to utilise this precious natural resource. The importance of efficiently using water has been repeatedly underscored by several global experts who have predicted that if ever there is another World War it is likely to be a fight over water resources. For far too long, we have treated it as if it were a limitless resource. That has to stop. The policy must, therefore, focus on how ensure maximum efficiency in water utilisation. At the same time, it must ensure that there is an equitable distribution of water. Meeting both goals would require a combination of market and non-market driven incentives. Getting that combination right is the key.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "behrampore", "code": "17801938", "title": "Humayun Kabir says sorry for threatening cashier", "text": "BEHRAMPORE: A day after former CPM minister Anisur Rehman apologised for making a crass remark against the CM, minister of state Humayun Kabir followed suit on Friday in seeking public apology. \"I am sorry for giving the threat over telephone,\" Kabir said at a press conference held at Behrampore.Santu Sinha, the cashier of Aroma Enterprises , has brought the charge against the minister. Congress leader and Union minister of state for railways Adhir Chowdhury is the patron of the firm.Kabir, however, questioned the credentials of Sinha. \"I do not know Santu Sinha who has introduced himself as cashier or manager of Aroma Enterprises. I know that he draws salary from the Congress-run Behrampore Municipality. I want the municipality chairman to clarify it,\" said the minister.Kabir alleged that like Sinha, there are many who run errands for Adhir Chowdhury and draw salary from the municipality. \"I will write to state municipal affairs minister Firhad Hakim about this. There are more than a dozen such employees either looking after Chowdhury's personal work or his Behrampore Town Club,\" the minister claimed.Sinha claimed that he is a part-time accountant and cashier of the firm. \"I work here after discharging my duties in the municipality. Why is Kabir claiming money when he could not furnish the accounts?\" he retorted.Municipality vice-chairman Sushil Pal brushed aside the allegation. \"I do not know who all work for Chowdhury and draw salary from the municipality,\" he said.However, a senior employee of the civic board said they \"never see Sinha coming to work at the municipality\". \"The government should inspect the duty roster of the municipality. It needs to be seen how the chairman's son Sujoy Adhya, wife Sunita and daughter Shilpi got civic jobs.\"Municipality chairman Nilratan Adhya rubbished all allegations over telephone from Chennai. \"Everything will be clear if you check the attendance register. All appointments are made only after the board of councillors passes the candidates after examining their efficiency,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17804752", "title": "Govt will ensure India becomes demonstrably better and safer place for women: PM", "text": "NEW DELHI: Recognising the \"emotions and energies\" that the rape of the young woman in Delhi had generated in the capital and elsewhere, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Saturday, while condoling her death, said that \"India genuinely desires change\" and resolved that the government will ensure that it becomes \"a demonstrably better and safer place for women to live in\".\"It was up to us all to ensure that her death will not have been in vain\", the prime minister said as he joined the nation \"in conveying to her family and friends\" his deepest condolences at this \"terrible loss\".\"I want to tell them and the nation that while she may have lost her battle for life, it is up to us all to ensure that her death will not have been in vain.\"We have already seen the emotions and energies this incident has generated. These are perfectly understandable reactions from a young India and an India that genuinely desires change,\" the prime minister said in his message.It would be a true homage to her memory, Manmohan Singh added, if we are able to channelise these emotions and energies into a constructive course of action.\"The need of the hour is a dispassionate debate and inquiry into the critical changes that are required in societal attitudes. Government is examining, on priority basis, the penal provisions that exist for such crimes and measures to enhance the safety and security of women,\" he said in his statement.The prime minister expressed the hope that \"the entire political class and civil society will set aside narrow sectional interests and agenda to help us all reach the end that we all desire - making India a demonstrably better and safer place for women to live in\".\"I pray for the peace of the departed soul and hope that her family will have the strength to bear this grievous loss,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17807526", "title": "Compensation alone will not help, provide quick justice to rape victim: Mayawati to Akhilesh", "text": "LUCKNOW: Bahujan Samajwadi Party (BSP) chief Mayawati never loses any opportunity to put the ruling Samajwadi Party (SP) in Uttar Pradesh (UP) in the dock. On Saturday, as the news of Delhi gang-rape victim's death arrived, she used Maulana Ahmed Bukhari's statement to accuse Akhilesh Yadav-led SP government of doing nothing to rising check rape in the state and to help rape victims.Mayawati claimed that over 1,500 cases of rape and other heinous crime against women have been reported in nine months of the SP rule. Holding lackadaisical policies of the government responsible for the rising crime against women, Maya said that ensuring security and speedy justice is more important than offering compensation and job to rape victim. The widespread public anger seen after Delhi incident shows that people are fed up and want justice, she added. But, she alleged, the SP government announced compensation for the Delhi gang rape victim and offered job to divert attention from the poor law and order situation in UP.Referring to the statement of Maulana Ahmed Bukhari, Shahi Imam of Jama Masid in Delhi, in which he has criticised SP government of not giving compensation to Muslim victims of such crimes, Mayawati said that people who supported the SP in assembly elections have now started questioning how many rape victims in UP were given compensation and offered jobs by the SP government.\"Forget about justice, in many cases no action has been taken and culprits are moving freely,\" she alleged. Mayawati also said that the compensation and job to rape victims is not the solution of the problem. Only prompt and strict action will help, she added.While condoling the death of the Delhi rape victim, the BSP chief reiterated her demand of calling a special session of Parliament for framing stricter laws to curb crime against women and for installing a mechanism for speedy justice. She also said that speedy and strict punishment to the guilty should also be widely publicised, so that it can act as a deterrent. She said that people are angry today because governments make promises when an incident is highlight but never fulfil them.\"We can call ourselves as a civilised society only after curbing the menace. For this we all will have to stand up and contribute for the cause,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17802436", "title": "Guwahati pubs have tough time finding female bouncers", "text": "GUWAHATI: The recent brutal gang-rape of a paramedical student in New Delhi and rising incidents of crime against women in the state and across the country have left the entire city shaken. No wonder then, that New Year party planners are taking extra precautions this time to avoid any untoward incidents and ensure safety of women party-goers.As city-based discos, pubs, bars and private party planners organize New Year bashes, they are on the hunt for women to work as bouncers to contain booze-fuelled brawls between 'ladettes' - women who behave like lads: being loud, drinking heavily etc - during celebrations.The district administration, after the infamous G S Road mob molestation incident had asked all bars, pubs and discos in the city to employ women bouncers. But it has now made it mandatory for all IMFL 'on' shops to deploy women bouncers during the New Year parties.However, the unavailability of women bouncers in the city has left party planners in a fix. Illusion, a popular pub here, has been on the lookout for women bouncers for quite some time. \"We have male bouncers and securitymen but it's difficult to find a women bouncer in Guwahati. There are no professional women bouncers here. So we have contacted private security agencies to provide some women security guards at least,\" said T Basist of Illusion. The pub has organized an array of events like ethnic fashion show and a live band for 31st night.Kamakazi, the city's lone floating disco, has a woman security guard acting as a bouncer for the past six months. The club reiterated the fact that women bouncers are virtually unheard of here.\"We have one woman bouncer who usually checks female visitors and takes care of matters if a lady gets involved in a brawl after drinking too much. But to find a professional woman bouncer here is impossible,\" said an administration official of the disco.City police have taken on the task of providing women bouncers or security guards to nightclubs. \"We understand that finding professional women bouncers here is a major problem. That's why, we have asked these pubs, bars and discos to get women security guards from private agencies. Moreover, we are thinking of pulling in our women homeguard personnel for the task,\" said city SSP A P Tiwari.The SSP added that the police will also have four special squads of security personnel in plainclothes to monitor crowds and preempt untoward incidents at parties. \"We don't want to take any chances. These men in civil clothes will mingle among the crowd and will act instantly if needed,\" Tiwari added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17802370", "title": "Cybercrimes show upward trend", "text": "KOZHIKODE: A bachelor of business management student approached the cyber cell of the city police recently with a complaint that he was duped by a firm that misused the name of a prominent automobile company with a fake job offer.\"The youth was asked to pay Rs 9,400 after he got a call letter on email for an interview. He was promised that the amount will be reimbursed at the time of the interview,\" said A Satish, inspector with the city cyber cell.After he deposited the amount to the account mentioned in the email, he got another mail informing that he was selected for the post and the monthly salary would be Rs 60,000. \"He grew suspicious when the email asked him to pay half of the promised salary before joining the company,\" Satish said.On verification it was found out that the company was a fake one. \"We have asked the bank located at Ghaziabad to provide the details of the account into which the amount was deposited,\" the inspector said.City's cyber cell has been flooded with cases that come under the purview of Information Technology Act. The unit has handled 1,708 cases till September, 2012, compared to 1,601 last year. In 2009 the number was 1,842, but majority of them were related mobile phone missing and theft cases. \"Earlier our work was mainly to assist other investigations by providing call data records and locating mobile phone towers from where the suspects made calls. But now we have got a number of cases which are to be probed by the cyber cell itself,\" Satish said.The number of cases related to misuse of social networking sites is also on the rise in the city. \"A youth had recently filed a complaint about someone creating a fake Facebook profile in his name and sending photographs of his with a girl to his friends ,\" he said. The cyber cell has registered around 25 similar cases this year.Phone abuse is another category that showed increase in 2012. Any communication that is intimidating, offensive, false, and obstructive will come under Section 66 of the IT Act. City police have registered 679 such cases till September this year.\"The offences under the IT Act can attract a minimum punishment of three years' imprisonment. So, many violators go to any extent to strike a compromise with the aggrieved party,\" the inspector said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17802339", "title": "Parents prefer neighbourhood boarding schools", "text": "KOCHI: For a generation that has grown up reading J D Salinger's 'Catcher in the Rye', a boarding school represents a cold, distant place where parents threaten to send their children if they don't measure up. Parents dropped their children off in September, picked them up again in June and let the schoolmasters worry about what went on in between.Fast forward to the modern-day boarding school in Kerala, where a working couple from Thevara sends their eight-year-old son to a boarding school in Chottanikkara, which is barely eight km from their home as they don't have enough time during the weekdays to focus on his studies, or a parent in Ettichuvadu in Pathanamthitta who sends his children to an adjacent boarding school to ensure that they live a disciplined life. They take their wards home on weekends.And if you thought only non-resident Keralites (NRK) or rich parents living in far-off remote areas send their wards to a boarding school, it's time to rethink. More parents working and residing in cities are sending their children to boarding schools, barely a few kilometres away from home.\"An increasing number of parents staying in the city wants to enrol their children in our weekly boarding, wherein they stay with us on the campus during the week and they go home in the weekend. Almost 50 % of our week boarders are from in and around Ernakulam district,\" said Shamim Mohamed, head, student enrichment programmes, Global Public School, Chottanikara.And age doesn't seem to be a bar. \"There is a huge demand even for admitting young children. As far as possible, we avoid admitting them till we are certain that they can manage their own affairs. But parents argue that children will lead a more disciplined life if they stay in the boarding,\" said manager of Citadel Residential School, Ettichuvadu, Fr Jacob Kodimarathmoottil.\"The number of local students staying with us in the boarding is steadily increasing,\" said Valsamma Kurian, principal of Ebenjezer International Residential School, Kottayam,Most residential school authorities claim that parents are attracted by \"the value of the experience\", insisting it that promotes greater independence among children and develops social and organisational skills. Also, with parents forced to work increasingly long hours to make ends meet, they often have difficulty in taking care of their children's educational demands. \"In the boarding, we have prepared a study time table for each kid and ensure that kids score well in the exams,\" Fr Kodimarathmoottil added.\"Once you stay in a boarding school, you become rough and tough and can easily adapt to situations, places and people. Also, by putting them young in a boarding school, you can easily mould them to become good and independent individuals. In weekends, they are with their family at home and thus they enjoy both the worlds,\" said Valerine Abrao, a resident of Kacheripady, whose two grandchildren - in class VII and VI - are in a boarding school.\"During admissions, we do get requests from several parents in the city to admit their ward in the boarding school. But personally, we feel that children should grow up with parents and don't encourage it, until we are convinced that it is absolutely essential for the welfare of the child or the parents are going abroad in the immediate future,\" said Toc H public school, Vyttila, principal N M George.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17802867", "title": "Research in social sciences needs backing: Economists", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Noting that social sciences is being meted out step-motherly treatment, economists expressed the need for policy makers to understand the need for promoting research in the field in order to appreciate the dynamics of society.At a panel discussion on 'How to enhance research capability and quality of teaching material in college and university' organised as part of the 95th annual conference of the Indian Economic Association (IEA), economists from across the country reiterated on the need for better backing for social sciences.IEA president Sukhadeo Thorat said social science has been widely affected due to ban on recruitment for last 15 to 20 years. \"Hundreds of departments are maintained by one or two teachers,\" he complained.That aside, the Indian Council of Social Science Research, which was established to promote social science research, had received Rs 36 crore during the 11th five year plan as its budget. Of this, 90 per cent was spent on research institutes and the remaining 10 per cent was for funding research projects taken up by colleges. \"He said 25 per cent of grants are for research projects and less than one third is provided for conducting seminars. If a paper is accepted in international journals, only half the people who apply are funded. With more than 2.5 lakh teachers, how can such a meagre fund suffice?\" he queried.Referring to the consequences of neglecting social sciences, he said, \"India had more number of research papers than China and South Africa in 1995. But by 2007, China and Brazil have produced more papers than India. This is due to the gross neglect by government funding agencies due to which teachers have not been able to produce quality research work.\"Concurring with his views, director of Indira Gandhi Institute of Development Research S Mahendra Dev said, \"Social sciences get one-tenth of what CSIR (Council of Scientific and Industrial Research) gets. We have to go beyond that. Teaching is important for research.\" He also said that institutes should diversify and take up subjects such as finance and microeconomics.Professor T S Papola of the Institute for Studies in Industrial Development said there was a wide gap between teaching and research. \"Without encouraging research in institutes, varsities are not producing enough research material for aiding policy making. Many universities have also taken teachers on contractual basis leading to a dip in quality. The attitude of the government towards economists has also changed. If you don't agree with the government line, you are not welcome.\"Accepting that contractual teachers were overburdened, G M Bhat of the University of Kashmir, said that teachers have to handle six lectures per day. \"Is it possible for one person? And contract teachers don't know if they'll be teaching next year or not. Policy makers have to give serious thought about making the subject popular,\" he added.While faculty of Jammu and Kashmir and North-Eastern States are the most affected due to lack of exposure, Bhat said, there was a need for better off universities in Delhi, Mumbai and Chennai to collaborate and improve quality.While quality was one aspect, Pulin Nayak of Delhi School of Economics demanded that teachers be provided better facilities. \"If you visit colleges in Delhi, you will not find an office room for teachers. They have a big hall with 70-80 people crowding in them. How do you do meaningful research if you can't read, reflect and think?\" he wondered.Chairman of Mindia Development Foundation Vijay Kelkar said incentives were needed for improving teaching and research structure. He said allowing students to evaluate teachers should be considered. Observing that funds shouldn't be a constraint, he said the government should be convinced collectively to provide better resources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17802429", "title": "Belgaum city set for dalit literary meet", "text": "BELGAUM: The city will host the 4th All India Dalit Literary Meet from Saturday at Kumar Gandharv Auditorium.The two-day meet will include special lectures, symposiums, multi-lingual poetry meet, awards for achievers and authors and cultural programmes. The earlier meets were held at Bidar, Bijapur and Koppal.Thousands of people from across the state engaged in protecting Dalit literature, culture and strengthening Dalit unity,will participate in meet, which will be chaired by renowned author Channanna Walikar from Gulbarga.MLA Satish Jarkiholi, chairman of the organizing committee, played a key role in organizing the meet.Programmes will begin on Saturday at 8am with the hoisting of Dalit Sahitya Parishad flag by Belgaum (North) MLA Firoz Sait.ZP president Shanta Kallolikar will inaugurate the procession at B R Ambedkar Garden at 9am, in the presence of MP Suresh Angadi.The inaugural programme will begin at 11am at the Auditorium. Marathi author Uttam Kamble will inaugurate the meet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17803146", "title": "Fog forces railways to cancels trains", "text": "LUCKNOW: The cancellation of trains which was to come into effect from January 1 has been advanced by railways, which cancelled the trains from Friday onwards.The trains, which originate from different stations of UP will remain cancelled during the period including 14115/14116 Allahabad-Haridwar Express, 14265/14266 Varanasi-Dehradun Express, 14307/14308 Prayag-Bareilly Express, 15011/15012 Lucknow-Chandigarh Express and 14217/14218 Allahabad-Chandigarh Unchahar Express. Train number 15003/ 15004 Kanpur-Anwarganj-Gorakhpur Jn Chauri Chaura Express will remain partially cancelled between Allahabad and Kanpur.Patna-Mathura Express will be diverted through new route from Friday only. The zonal railways, however, will keep a close watch on the situation and in case there is no fog, reservation for the affected trains will start with a three-day notice .Meanwhile, the trains running late due to fog continued to give passengers a tough time on Friday. Train number 12419 Lucknow-New Delhi Gomti Express, after having a late run for the entire week, was cancelled on Friday. Train number 12034 Kanpur-New Delhi Shatabdi Express was also cancelled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17806244", "title": "Sheila Dikshit wants restrictions on peaceful protests lifted", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit has asked Union home minister Sushilkumar Shinde to lift restrictions on holding peaceful demonstration in memory of the 23-year-old gang-rape victim in and around India Gate.Anticipating protests, police had closed the area around India Gate and Raisina Hills for the public besides putting barricades on all roads leading to the two places.\"The chief minister feels there should not be any restrictions on holding peaceful demonstrations in and around India Gate,\" highly-placed sources said.They said the chief minister's views on the issue have been conveyed to the home minister.A large number of police personnel were deployed at Rajpath, the stretch connecting India Gate and Raisina Hills where largescale protests were witnessed last weekend.The girl, who was admitted to Mount Elizabeth Hospital in Singapore in an extremely critical condition, breathed her last at 4:45am (2:15am India time). She was earlier treated at the Safdarjung Hospital in Delhi.Ten Metro stations in Central Delhi were closed down for an indefinite period, as a precautionary measure by Delhi Police to prevent protesters from reaching India Gate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17803522", "title": "Victory for Ludhiana skaters", "text": "LUDHIANA: The city won the 24th Punjab Roller Skating Championship held in Patiala from December 24 to 27.According to members of District Roller Skating Association, the competition began on December 24, 2012 at Government Model High School, Patiala and ended on December 27, 2012.The participants were trained by District Roller Skating Association, Ludhiana secretary J S Dhaliwal, who congratulated the skaters for their achievement.The team included both boys and girls. Ludhiana won 63 medals in the championship, including 28 gold medals, 21 silver medals and 14 bronze medals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17801960", "title": "Fresh charge against rape accused", "text": "KOLKATA: The woman who had filed a rape complaint against the transport minister's former confidential assistant Bapi Karim lodged a fresh complaint on Friday that someone had ransacked her car parked in her housing complex.In the complaint with Garfa police, the woman said that she had parked her MUV in the parking lot around 9pm. In the morning, her driver spotted the glass panes broken and it looked like someone had ransacked the car. \"It seems the criminals were looking for some documents,\" said her advocate Anirban Guha Thakurata. He added that his client generally keeps her documents in the car, which Karim was aware of. He probably plotted this to steal her documents,\" said Guha Thakurata. He claimed that the miscreants had not touched the valuables in the car.Police have tagged the complaint with the original case of rape.Earlier on Wednesday the woman lodged complaint against Karim and alleged that Karim married her and concealed that he was married and has a child. The woman also alleged in her complaint that Karim was planning to siphon her property into his name. Police initiated case but Karim is still absconding. Karim is the brother of influential TMC leader Bablu Karim. The state transport minister however said that he had driven out the youth at least 13 months back. \"I know his brother Bablu, who is the leader of our party in the port area. I can only assure that law will take its own course,\" said Madan Mitra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17805442", "title": "Indoreans partied on doomsday", "text": "Indoreans partied the whole night on doomsday (December 21).\"No matter what is going to happen, we are here to enjoy and party all night,\" said Prateek Jaiswal. Arpit Dubey, said, \"I knew that nothing will happen today. Doomsday is just another excuse to party.\"The London-based disc jockey, DJ Monk turned on the heat with his party numbers as the guests danced to their heart's content. \"The difference between India and London is only about the choice of beats. Bollywood tunes ka apna alag hi mazaa hai,\" said the DJ K. LED goggles and wrist bands, the latest trend in parties, were worn by many guests.Tanmay Chandniwala", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17801404", "title": "High court directs government to reconsider scrapping Goa Civil Services posts", "text": "PANAJI: The high court of Bombay at Goa has directed the state government to reconsider its May 23 decision of scrapping the recommendations of the Goa public service commission regarding the selections to the posts of junior scale officers of the Goa civil service , and take a fresh decision after the receipt of the vigilance report.Daulatrao V Rane Sardessai and two others, who were selected by GPSC, had approached the court seeking a direction to the government to accept the recommendation of the GPSC for nine vacancies. The government, in its cabinet meeting on May 23, 2012, had taken the decision not to accept the recommendations by the GPSC in view of a large number of complaints made regarding irregularities for the selection of the candidates for the post.During the hearing of the case, senior advocate S D Lotlikar and Nitin Sardessai, who appeared for the petitioners, argued that the petitioners have gone through the entire process and were selected and recommended by the GPSC to be appointed to the posts . They submitted that the entire process was not only in accordance with the prescribed procedures, rules and regulations, but was also fair and just, and no interference with the same was called for or justified. The lawyers contended that the decision of the government not to accept the recommendation was arbitrary and without any valid or cogent reason.The government, on the other hand, pointed out that it had received various complaints regarding irregularities in the selection process. Thereafter, the government ordered an investigation. The government disagreed with the process of not first stipulating the cut-off mark or benchmark in selecting candidates to appear for the interview. This was also contrary to the internal rules and procedures of the GPSC, the government pointed out.The advocate general argued that the very concept of a competitive examination requires a passing mark/percentage to be stipulated, and the absence of a minimum passing mark has the possibility of burdening the government with underqualified if not incompetent persons. He further added that the GPSC was not entitled to take recourse to the method of shortlisting adopted by them. The advocate general submitted that the entire selection process is vitiated on account of the GPSC having shortlisted candidates though the rules and regulations did not confer power upon or authorize the GPSC to do so.Additionally, he submitted that the GPSC was bound in principle as per its internal rules of procedure and even as a matter of law, to fix a minimum passing mark in the written examination to entitle a candidate to appear for the interview. Stating that the GPSC did not do so, the entire procedure was vitiated. He also submitted that this qualifying mark must be fixed beforehand, both on principle and as per the rules of procedure of the GPSC.A division bench comprising justice S J Vazifdar and justice F M Reis observed, \"1,545 candidates applied for the posts. It is reasonable to presume that the GPSC justifiably expected a large number of persons to apply for these nine posts. The GPSC, therefore, proceeded on the basis that it was necessary to resort to shortlisting as it would be difficult to interview all the applicants. In our opinion, it was entitled to do so. While the rules and regulations did not authorize the GPSC to resort to shortlisting, they did not prohibit the GPSC from doing so either. They did not contain any reference to shortlisting\".While holding that the process adopted by the GPSC cannot be faulted on any ground, the court stated that the GPSC cannot possibly be criticized for having delayed the process. The court also observed \"that the Government has in fact ordered an investigation into the matter by the anti-corruption branch of the vigilance department. Having done so, we presume that the government would itself reconsider its decision if necessary based on the report. The government is not bound to accept the report. If, however, for instance, the report indicates positively that there was no unfairness or malpractice and the government accepts the report, it may well be inclined to reconsider its decision.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "17803290", "title": "Dalit couple assaulted, cops look the other way", "text": "HAZARIBAG: A Dalit couple had a harrowing time when they tried to get a complaint lodged against the landlord of the village for allegedly assaulting them.Sumitra Devi and her husband Surendra Ram of Amnari village in Hazaribag were refused help when they approached the Ichak police station on December 25 to register a case against misbeh- aviour and assault meted out to them by the landlord and his sons.The police directed them to go to the SC/ST Thana at Hazaribag Mufassil Station. But the couple had no luck there too.Instead of taking a note of the couple's complaint, the police asked them to bring money and provide them a vehicle so that they can visit Amnari and take action.When the hapless duo expressed their inability to do so, the SC/ST Thana refused to entertain them.Sumitra Devi was allegedly harassed by Kameshwar Pandey and his three sons, Upendra, Ranjit and Kedar after she refused to remove the carcass of the cattle belonging to the pandits. They dragged her out of the house and tore her clothes. When her husband came to her rescue, the pandits also beat him up.The landlord and his sons hit him with lathis while also using abusive language.Santosh Ravidas, vice president of the Hazaribag District unit of the Bahujan Samaj Party , reached there and rescued them.Ravidas alleged that the landlords threatened that if they did not obey them, they would be driven out of the village.After knocking on all the doors of higher police authorities they ultimately lodged their written complaint to the SP through police helpline which was accepted and registered. In this case they were told that very soon prompt action will be taken.They were so scared over the behavior of the powerful landlords that they were not willing to return homes. In a separate statement Ravidas, expressing concern demanded protection for the victims failing which they may be attacked by the landlords and their goons who belonged to the Mahato community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "17802992", "title": "Direct cash subsidy transfer from January 1", "text": "RAJKOT: The Diu administration is all set to roll out the ambitious direct cash subsidy transfer scheme from January 1. This will facilitate the pay out of direct cash subsidies to targeted beneficiaries. The scheme has been introduced by the union government to plug leakages in social spending schemes. The subsidy for fuel and government benefits like scholarships and pension will now be directly credited to individual bank accounts of the beneficiaries whose identity will be established by the Aadhaar number issued by the Unique Identification Authority of India. \"Diu is among the 51 districts from where the scheme will be launched. More than 90 per cent of Diu's population has an Aadhaar card which is a key to the scheme implementation. In the first phase, direct cash subsidy will be transferred for five schemes,\" said Diu collector Sunil Saxena. Diu has a population of about 55,000 and most of the residents are either fisherman or farm labourers. \"We recently held a meeting with officials of different banks and asked them adopt a pro-active approach in giving loans and credit to people.\"\"All banks have been directed to organize financial literacy camps in villages to inform people about schemes and facilities provided by banks,'' Saxena added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17802963", "title": "Madhya Pradesh forest minister wants wild boar hunt to save tigers", "text": "BHOPAL: Having lost three tigers in last 30 days, forest minister Sartaj Singh has reiterated the idea of allowing hunting of wild boars and blue bulls in the state- that was earlier put on the back burner following protest from wildlife activists including former Union animal welfare minister and BJP MP Maneka Gandhi.\"Tigers are getting killed by electric traps laid by farmers to save their crops from these herbivorous wild animals. It has been found out that in most cases none of the accused intended to kill the big cat. Implementation of the rules will solve the problem to a large extent,\" the minister told TOI.In January Singh had proposed simplification of the rules for hunting of wild boars and blue bulls as demanded by farmers and MLAs following extensive damage to their crops.The proposal, however, landed into controversy after being sent to the law department for approval.\"The minister should be sacked for his failure to protect tigers and other wild animals in the state. The wild animals are in a worst state in MP. Unless poachers get arrested, things will not improve,\" animal rights activist Maneka Gandhi told TOI.Maneka had accused the minster of floating this proposal under influence of private forest lodge operators aimed at luring in more tourists from Middle-East and other countries to watch the hunt.The decision to permit hunting of wild boars and blue bull in the wild was not taken for the sake of farmers, but to benefit those lodge operatorsSartaj however claims that in 2000 the state had issued permission to hunt these animals in case the crops were damaged, with permission from the sub divisional magistrate (SDM) and principal chief conservator of forest (PCCF). Since the rules were tough and stringent, no kill was ever made.\"I had only proposed to ease the rules so that both - tigers and crops -- can be saved. No one ever thought about the plight of the farmers who suffer the losses,\" minister claims.As other steps, minister said that the government will ask the electricity department to use insulated electric wires passing through tiger reserves and its surrounding areas on the tiger corridor in the state. Also patrolling alongside of the electric lines would be intensified.Activists contend that allowing hunting will cause massive destruction of wild animals especially other endangered animals in the wild.Naresh Kadyan, of UN affiliated international organization for animal protection (OIPA) said, the wild boars and blue bulls would be killed for meat and hunting sport, if rules are relaxed. This would benefit, hotel owners not the farmers, he said.Two arrestedTwo persons were arrested by the state forest officials on Friday from Katni district, in connection with the electrocution of tiger at Vijayraghogarh area. The officials refused to disclose their names, more accused are to be arrested in this case. The trap to poach wild-boars and supply its meat to an hotelier in Jabalpur for Christmas party , said the officers.The key-accused, is at large. Earlier on Thursday three officers including a deputy ranger were suspended for dereliction of duty, leading to electrocution of a tiger at Jhigia village on Wednesday.\"We are interrogating the accused for more details. They have named more persons. Efforts are on to arrest them also,\" M K Khan, a divisional forest officer (DFO) Katni said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17801497", "title": "4 held for intent to molest", "text": "MUMBAI: Three men were arrested by the Goregaon police after they passed lewd comments at a woman and then assaulted her husband on Link Road on December 23.\"The woman was trying to hail an autorickshaw when the accused passed by in a car. They were drinking and passed lewd comments. When the woman's husband reached there, he questioned the men. A fight broke out and the men assaulted her husband,\" said activist Avisha Kulkarni. \"The police only registered a case of assault. A passerby had noted the car's registration number, on the basis of which the trio was nabbed. It was only after our NGO intervened that the police added charges of intent to molest,\" she said. The police did not confirm the delay in registration of additional charges.In another incident, some women complained against a 32-year-old man from their housing society in Gorai for passing lewd comments and making obscene gestures. The Borivali police on Friday arrested the man on charges of intent to molest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "purnia", "code": "17802774", "title": "JD-U MLA's husband arrested", "text": "PURNIA: Police arrested Awadhesh Mandal, the husband of Rupauli JD-U MLA Bima Bharati, from village Tikapatti under Bhawanipore police station in Dhamdaha subdivision of Purnia district on Thursday night. Mandal was produced before the Purnia chief judicial magistrate (CJM) and was remanded to judicial custody.Mandal was produced before the Purnia CJM and was remanded to judicial custody. He was wanted in connection with a case lodged by his wife who had charged him with poisoning their son. The incident of poisoning had taken place on October 31, 2012, police said.The superintendent of police (SP) in charge of Purnia district, Shivdeep Lande, told TOI on Friday that a special police team arrested Mandal, who has been charged under sections 305, 306, 307 (attempt to murder) and 326 of the IPC.Purnia SP, in his supervision report, had found the charges true and ordered his arrest on November 12. Bharati has accused her estranged husband of thrashing and humiliating her. She had lodged an FIR against Mandal in December 2010, accusing him of brutally assaulting her. She had, however, retracted from the allegations and had withdrawn the case.The proverbial last straw in the camel's back came when Mandal tied the knot with another young girl in June this year. Thoroughly disenchanted and dejected, Bima filed a divorce petition in Purnia family court in September.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "baripada", "code": "17803774", "title": "Pyari rally in Baripada rolls out OJM's pre-poll plan", "text": "BARIPADA: Rajya Sabha member Pyarimohan Mohapatra on Friday rolled out the broader agenda of his future political party while his core team members projected him as its chief ministerial candidate.Addressing a public meeting at the Chhau ground here, his third such Kranti Samavesh in the state in as many months, Pyari said he will either take over the control of BJD or will convert the Odisha Jan Morcha (OJM), the political forum floated by him on September 30, into a full-fledged political party in another three months. Pyari had earlier addressed similar public rallies at Bhawanipatna on November 19 and Bhubaneswar on October 28.Pyari said unemployment and poverty will end in Odisha if his party comes to power. \"If we come to power, poverty will end. Unemployment will go in five years. Jobs will remove poverty,\" he said. \"Youths are getting misguided because of the ongoing misrule and are getting lured by criminals as they are unemployed. We will work to save the youth power,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17801734", "title": "More young people take to crime", "text": "CHENNAI: Seventeen-year-old Prabhu (name changed) was the envy of all the boys in his neighbourhood a couple of months ago, as he zipped around Kolathur on a brand new bike. A few days after he bought it, however, the police came knocking and took the school dropout away.An investigation revealed that Prabhu had been given the bike for being part of a gang that hacked a driver to death in Anna Nagar. It was his first offence, and the teenager is in prison.In the past year, there has been a spike in reports of young people committing crimes such as theft, chain snatching and even murder. Police and experts attribute this to an increasing culture of consumerism and a lack of role models within the family.\"Going by media reports there is an increase in the number of educated thieves in the 18 to 25 age group,\" says Dr M Srinivasan, associate professor, department of criminology, University of Madras. He referred to cases of engineering and MBA graduates being involved in thefts and murders for gain. \"It is the impact of rising consumerism,\" says Srinivasan, who has recently done a study on youth and crime with the support of Unicef . \"Young people go to malls and restaurants and aspire for the things they see there, but their incomes aren't enough or they are unable to find jobs.\"A police officer who agrees with this analysis cites the case of a 17-year-old volleyball player who joined a 10-member gang and killed rowdy Chennakesavalu and his lawyer Bhagat Singh near the court complex two years ago. \"I was stunned to see him. He had a bright future but had been led to believe that crime was a quick way to make money,\" he says.Though these teens were involved in murder, most young offenders indulge in chain snatching, stealing bikes and cash, and petty theft. \"Most crimes by youth are petty,\" says S Kannayiram, former field officer of the social defence department. He says these crimes are motivated by the desire for easy money. \"There are some genuine cases of children and young people in utter poverty but during some sessions with young people, I realised how status conscious young people have become,\" he says.Early this year, two 10-year-old boys were caught stealing cell phones at Express Avenue mall. The boys led the police to their handlers - two 18-year-olds from Jharkhand. The gang visited the city regularly to steal phones at the mall.Police say older criminals often groom those under the age of 18 as thieves as they will only get a maximum punishment of three years under the juvenile justice act. \"They do what they are told without a real idea of what is right and wrong, but they soon get used to crime,\" he said.The increase in repeat offenders among the youth is worrying, says Kannayiram. \"They say police foist cases on them, but our system also makes it hard for young people to leave a life of crime,\" he says.Young, first-time offenders end up in the same prison as notorious criminals, who mould them. They leave prison, and re-enter a life of crime. Senior lawyer V Kannadasan said, \"First-time offenders should not be allowed to mingle with notorious criminals. They should get proper care and counselling so that they do not resort to crime.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17802103", "title": "'Pay more cash for vehicles on poll duty'", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat high court (HC) on Friday asked the state government to pay the rent at market rates to owners of the vehicles that were requisitioned by the Election Commission (EC) for the poll process earlier this month.The bench of Chief Justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and Justice J B Pardiwala also issued directions that the salary of drivers of the requisitioned vehicles would be given by the EC. The commission is also responsible to give overtime, if it availed services of drivers beyond eight hours in a day.The court has asked the government to place compliance report within two months.The HC issued these directions in response to a PIL filed by Ashok Giri through advocate Harshil Dholakia. The PIL complained about the manner in which vehicles had been requisitioned by the EC officials. The petitioner also complained that the remuneration paid to the vehicle owners is also very little.During the hearing, the state government came up with suggestion that it would increase the remuneration from present Rs 399 to 493 per day for vehicles costing Rs 5 lakh. It will also pay certain amount of salary to the driver. However, the court was not content with this proposition and asked the government to finalize the remuneration as per local market rates.The EC also tendered apology during the hearing for causing inconvenience to vehicle owners. The PIL brought to the court's notice that the officials intercepted costly cars and SUVs on road and took possession of them by bringing down the passengers. The petitioner dubbed this a violation of human rights for it tends to affect people's livelihood and the entire transport industry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17802134", "title": "HC relief for music firm", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka high court on Friday granted interim stay on the investigation ordered by a city court against Bhushan Kumar, son of 'cassette king' Gulshan Kumar, and his music company Super Cassettes Industries Ltd, New Delhi. The complaint related to copyright violation.Bhushan Kumar had challenged the November 21, 2012 order of the lower court directing the Bangalore city police to hold investigation in response to a private complaint lodged by one Chandra Singh of Bangalore. He had also challenged the FIR based on the complaint.The petitioners' claimed they have rights in respect of 337 Kannada films and have already paid the consideration amount to a person with whom they have a memorandum of understanding in this regard. They further claimed that the complaint had come after a lapse of 10 years and was just intended to harass them.Chandra Singh had complained before the ACMM court that he had rights of 19 Kannada films including the Vishnuvardhan starrer 'Suprabhata' and award winning film 'Abachoorina Post Office'. He had stated that on account of the release and sale of VCDs and DVDs of these films by Super Cassettes, he suffered huge losses.He claimed that Super Cassettes had violated the 2001 agreement and flouted copyright norms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17802446", "title": "Vidyanagar, Chennamma Circle harm your ears", "text": "HUBLI: The fact that people and vendors living on Vidyanagar Main Road, Deshpandenagar Road, Rani Chennamma Circle and other main streets reportedly suffer from severe headaches and other health problems points to a bigger malady: increasing sound pollution due to heavy traffic movement in Hubli.A recent survey conducted by five students of the 2011-12 batch BSc students of PC Jabin Science College of Hubli found that noise pollution was high in crowded places like Vidyanagar Main Road, Rani Chennamma Circle and Deshpandenagar Road. They found that most of the residents and vendors here also suffer from hearing problems.Avinash Mali, a member of the survey team, told TOI that Rani Chennamma Circle recorded the highest sound pollution at 100-110 decibels, which causes severe headaches and hearing problems. Schoolchildren are most vulnerable to problems caused by noise pollution in Deshpandenagar, which recorded 80-85 decibels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17803024", "title": "Ups and downs of Indian sports in 2012", "text": "It was a story of ecstasy followed by agony for Indian sport. The ecstasy came with the best-ever medal haul at the Olympic Games, albeit without the glitter of gold. However, the agony -- and the embarrassment that went with it -- a few months later dwarfed the London show, reducing the achievements of the Sushil Kumar and Vijay Kumar to footnotes. With floundering fortunes in cricket and missiles hitting footballers, Indian sport hit a new low this year.Then, on December 4, India entered the infamous and sparsely populated club of nations that had been suspended by the International Olympic Committee. Coming at a time when Indian sport was looking up, the IOC action was a disaster waiting to happen.The IOC action was against 'government intervention' in an autonomous body's -- the Indian Olympic Association -- functioning, which is in direct conflict with the spirit of the Olympic Charter. The 'government intervention' was in the form of the National Sports Code, which the sports ministry insists the IOA and all national sports bodies should adopt. The IOC wanted the IOA to convince it that the Indian body's elections would be free of any government control (in other words, without being bound by the government's code). IOA could not go against the High Court's verdict, which directed the body to follow the code and the suspension followed.The lust for power has plagued Indian sport for ages. Even if the IOC agrees with some of the clauses in the sports code, the very idea that it is the government which wants to enforce these changes has prevented them from accepting it. Had the same been applied by the IOA voluntarily, the spirit of the sports code might have been applauded by the IOC officials.The suspension has been welcomed by almost all leading athletes and the IOC also says Indian sport will be cleaner once this cloud clears. However, with Abhey Singh Chautala and Lalit Bhanot showing defiance, the mess is getting murkier as the year draws to a close. It is time to clean up Indian sport, but the resistance is immense.AchievementsMampi DasThis 16-year-old shooter came like a fresh breath of air. She shot a perfect 400/400 in the air rifle event of the national selection trials in Pune. That came after a 398 just a week earlier. If these two performances are any indication, this Kolkata-based girl needs to be groomed for the future. As the national trials is not recognized by the International Shooting Sports Federation, Mampi's brilliant show will not be considered as a record. That, however, should not take anything away from this performance.Saina NehwalShe was one of the best bets for India in London and Saina Nehwal kept her word, winning bronze with a bit of luck. Later in the year, she also bagged the prestigious Denmark Open Super Series in style. Her good show also reflected in her brand endorsements -- the shuttler was roped in by a sports management firm, which manages endorsements for Indian cricket captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni, for a Rs 40-crore, three-year contract.Sushil KumarSushil Kumar has been our Mr India at the Olympics. After giving the country a taste of bronze in Beijing four years back, it was the wrestler from Baprola who gave India their second silver at the London Olympics after Vijay Kumar. Showing determination and courage, the poster boy of Indian wrestling beat Kazakhstan's Akhzurek Tanatarov to make his way to the final. And, just when the country was hoping for a golden day, Sushil was a victim of dehydration before the final game against Tatsuhiro Yonemitsu of Japan. Sushil fought back, but had to settle for silver.Vijay KumarWhen shooter Vijay Kumar started his preparation for the London Games, little did he know that it would change his life forever. He shot to fame after clinching silver in the 25m rapid fire pistol event and took the world by surprise. But it wasn't a bed of roses for the army man. No one was backing Vijay after he finished 31st in the qualifiers, but the determined shooter stayed on target. The rest is history. In the recent world rankings, the shooter has risen to second position.MC Mary KomFor Indian boxing, it was time to make merry, with magnificent mom MC Mary Kom winning bronze at the London Games. For the country, it was a special moment. It was for the first time that women's boxing had been introduced as an Olympic sport, and India got a share of the medals on offer. Battling all odds, the mother of two defeated Tunisian Maroua Rahali to give India a bronze. Though she lost the semifinal bout, shattering India's gold hopes, 'mommy strongest' won the hearts of millions across the globe.Gaganjeet Bhullar", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17802284", "title": "HC declines to stay Ambedkar statue shift", "text": "BANGALORE: The high court on Friday refused to pass an interim stay on shifting of the Dr BR Ambedkar statue in front of Vidhana Soudha for facilitating speedy work on Namma Metro.\"We are not staying it. Let the government have its say,\" a vacation division bench headed by Justice H Billappa observed while ordering notice to the state government and Bangalore Metro Rail Corporation (BMRC).Several dalit leaders and organizations, led by Mavalli Shankar, state chief convener of Karnataka Dalit Sangarsha Samithi, have jointly filed this plea.The court dispensed with issuing a notice to advocate AV Amarnathan, who had earlier filed a PIL on the issue, as the counsel for petitioners said there is no need for it.During the brief hearing, the petitioners' counsel told court that there was no need for shifting the statue from the precincts of Vidhana Soudha. The government advocate informed the court that the shifting was in terms of the high court order.Petitioners claimed that the laying out of Metro line along Ambedkar Veedhi and in front of two seats of executive, legislature and judiciary is 'injurious to public' and ambience.\"The existence of these buildings is being endangered by the excavation and use of explosives by BMRC,\" the petitioners stated. They sought for \"setting aside\" the December 12 order passed by a division bench headed by the then Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen and also for de novo (fresh) hearing of the petition by providing them an opportunity to present their case.The division bench had directed state government to remove the statue of Babasaheb Ambedkar within 15 days and relocate it temporarily at a proper place in the vicinity of Vidhana Soudha. The bench had also observed that reinstalling the statue at a suitable place was left to the state government.Discussions are still on.The social welfare department is still discussing the issue with various backward communities and dalit groups.E Venkataiah, principal secretary of department, told TOI on Friday that no decision had been taken yet. \"The matter is very sensitive and we are discussing it with all associations and groups. Discussions are based on the high court's order to shift the statue and the government is examining the order,\" he said.He also claimed the department had not been informed by Bangalore Metro about Helen burrowing out of the ground at Vidhana Soudha underground Metro station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17801501", "title": "Aurangabad ACP booked for lewd SMSs to woman cop", "text": "MUMBAI: The Aurangabad police have registered a criminal case against an assistant commissioner of police (ACP) for sending obscene messages to a woman cop.\"We have registered a criminal case against ACP Sandeep Bhajibhakre and summoned him for recording his statement. Once the formalities are over, we will decide on the course of action,'' said acting police commissioner Arvind Chawaria.A senior IPS official said the Aurangabad police invoked Section 509 (word, gesture or act intended to insult modesty of a woman) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC), which attracts one year's simple imprisonment, in the FIR filed on Thursday.He added that the constable initially ignored the messages sent by Bhajibhakre but approached the state women's commission when they did not stop.A case of harassment of women in the police force itself comes as a blow to home minister R R Patil, who has drafted a strategy for safety of women and time-bound disposal of cases of serious crimes against them. On Friday, he warned of stringent action if there was dereliction of duty while taking cognizance of complaints by women. \"We have taken the case very seriously. On the basis of a preliminary probe, we have booked him and will move the case to a fast-track court for speedy disposal,'' said the senior official.A three-member committee probed the charges and submitted its report to the commission.\"It was found that 69 of the SMSs sent were objectionable and obscene. An offence was registered against the ACP on the basis of the commission's recommendations,'' the official said.While there was no response from the ACP, there were reports that he has been shifted to Chiplun in Ratnagiri district on the same rank.Times ViewThis incident highlights how deep and serious the problem of sexual harassment of women is. If the allegation is true, here is a senior police official harassing one of his subordinates. And, despite being a policewoman herself, she is scared of pursuing a complaint. If the charges are proved right, mere disciplinary action against the ACP will not suffice. The police must then lodge a case against him and prosecute him. If those charged with the responsibility of protecting ordinary citizens themselves indulge in such criminal behaviour, how do we expect ordinary women to have any confidence that their complaints will be treated seriously by the police and that they will get justice from this system?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17803145", "title": "HC takes note of TOI report on Punjab case", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A day after ToI reported about a Patiala minor who committed suicide when she was harassed by cops after her brutal gang rape, the Punjab and Haryana high court censured the Punjab government on Friday saying there was a need to combat the \"rape culture\" in the state, and directed IGP (Patiala) to submit a status report.Harassed by policemen and threatened by her rapists, the minor consumed poison more than a month after she was abducted and gang-raped. In her suicide note, the 17-year-old girl held three men and a woman responsible for \"destroying her life, which forced her to commit suicide\".The HC said \"Delhi has already acquired the dubious distinction of being the rape capital of the country... The manner in which events are taking place is an eye opener. Enough is enough,\" observed the chief justice of Punjab and Haryana HC, Justice AK Sikri. \"This state of affairs is not confined to Delhi and situation in Punjab is far from satisfactory. There is a need for combating this rape culture,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17803464", "title": "Odisha's got talent: Little stars make it big", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: This year was all about grit, passion and desire to excel for young talents. Odia youths made it big on many reality shows on television at the national level, put up a tough fight and come out with flying colours.Rajasmita Kar, a 22-year-old college girl from Rourkela, walked away with the winner's trophy at the Dance India Dance Season-3 finale. Kar left her graduation midway to prepare for the show. \"The show changed my life completely. I am happy that people look at me differently now. I hope to open a dance school for girls in my locality. Our chief minister, Naveen Patnaik , has gifted me a house for winning,\" she said.Then again, 23-year-old mine worker Chotu Lohar, who used to break stones for a living in a small mining village in Keonjhar, saw vistas of opportunities opening up before him after he participated in the same programme. \"I am getting regular offers to do shows,\" said the youngster.The other hair-raising talent hunt show, India's Got Talent, also saw Odia talents making it big. Little salsa dancers, Sumanth (13) and Sonali (7), received the grand prize (of Rs 50 lakh) from Shah Rukh Khan, Katrina Kaif and Anushka Sharma after winning in the finals. Judges Karan Johar, Kirron Kher and Malaika Arora Khan were spellbound by their performance.\"It is a red letter day for us and Odisha as well. Our son has made us proud,\" said Sumanth's beaming parents, M Jagdish Rao and M Radha.After the success of the Prince Dance Group from Odisha's Ganjam district, this is the second time a national talent hunt show saw Odia winners. The Prince Dance Group, consisting of mostly daily labourers, had won in 2009. The reality show's second season saw the emergence of Harihar Dash, who was hired by Cirque du Soleil , a Canadian entertainment company. A group of sand animators led by Manas Sahu from Puri were also among the finalists in Season 2.Sohini Mishra, a classical singer from Cuttack, became a household name in Odisha overnight when she was selected in Indian Idol-6, one of the most popular reality shows. \"I was appreciated by legendary singers Asha Bhonsle and got a chance to perform in front of the iconic Lata Mangeshkar. The show was a great platform for young talents like me. After the show, I have sung for Odia movies like 'Thukul', 'Hi Darling' and 'Prem weds Priya'. But, right now, my foremost priority is to complete my studies and then relocate to Mumbai and try my luck in Bollywood,\" said the youngster.There were other areas, too, where schoolchildren from the state showcased their talent. Six-year-old Swayam Sakhyam, like others of his age, loves to build sand castles on the beach. But the passion and perfection with which he executes his work are attention grabbing. Puri-based Swayam floored the judges and won at a national reality show. Recently, Swayam was felicitated by the chief minister.It was not only on television cultural shows that Odia students excelled. They made a mark when it came to showcasing their innovation and creativity as well. Jyoti Ranjan Sahoo, a Class-X student of DAV Public School, Unit-VIII, bagged the young scientist award from the President on November 14 for his innovative device------Eyerinator------ which helps people with low vision see.Two students of the same school brought laurels by developing a \"flood hand pump\" that can provide safe drinking water to people in flood-ravaged areas. The duo was felicitated by the National Innovation Foundation (NIF) at IGNITE-2012, an annual national competition to harness the creative and innovative spirit of schoolchildren.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17802640", "title": "Mysoreans take up mission to clean city", "text": "MYSORE: Brooms and shovels in hand, they are driven by a strong desire to clean up the city of Mysore.That's the core of 'Let's do it! Mysore', an initiative launched by like-minded Mysoreans to clean up the city for one day in February. A successful campaign, they said, is the only way to make a positive impact and keep the momentum going.Prashanth B S, part of the initiative, said the programme seeks to educate and create awareness among all age groups on what each person must do towards maintaining the city and its heritage. More than 17,000 volunteers have signed up and 45,000 more are expected to join in the coming days.Volunteers come in from varied and different backgrounds: working professionals, homemakers, police personnel, school and college students.The one-day clean-up is slated for February. Prashanth said: \"The aim is to clean the city and sustain the momentum by making every Mysorean aware and responsible for the future.\"As part of the lead-up, volunteers will visit schools and colleges \u00e2\u20ac\u201d from kindergartens to postgraduate centres \u00e2\u20ac\u201d to create awareness about the city that's their home. This includes painting competition for children of all age groups, debates and competitions for kindergarten children on understanding waste segregation. The other awareness programmes include staging of street plays, door-to-door awareness campaigns and presentations in educational institutions, corporate sectors, Prashanth said.The one-day clean-up drive \u00e2\u20ac\u201d from 7am to 11am in the 65 wards of Mysore \u00e2\u20ac\u201d is to prove the city can be kept spick and span in so short a time and send a message it takes a strong resolve and very little else to keep Mysore in the pink of its civic health, he said.The waste collected will be segregated and deposited in a designated place. Prashanth said the Mysore City Corporation and many civic organizations have responded positively to the campaign.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17801681", "title": "Huge caseload of pending rape cases", "text": "CHENNAI: In a shocking revelation, 68 cases of rape, some of them of 2004 vintage, are pending before the special court trying offences committed against women.Even the pendency if these 68 cases before the Mahila Court here is considered only a tip of the iceberg, admit prosecutors and jurists. \"Many cases are yet to reach the charge sheet stage enabling the Court's concerned to commit them to us for commencing the trial,\" said a prosecutor.Disposal of rape cases is extremely slow as evidenced by records. According to the State Crimes Record Bureau statistics, a whopping 82.9% of all rape cases registered in Tamil Nadu still remained stuck at various levels of judiciary, as of 2011.\"The special court here gets about 10 new cases, including cases of dowry deaths and rape, every month,\" said Gauri Ashokan, special public prosecutor at the Mahila Court, Chennai. \"So far the disposal rate was about 15 cases a month. But during the past one and half years we have picked up pace. In 2012, we disposed of 138 cases so far, all categories. We are pushing for disposal of rape cases within six months. But sometimes cases which land here are already much-delayed in the lower court. We have a 2004 rape case that came to us only in 2008. Not only the accused is absconding, even the victim is untraceable.\"Like cases involving juveniles, the law ordains that cases involving rapes too must be speedily settled to spare victim the trauma of a long and weary battle. But long trial processes, delays by defendants and inadequate judicial members have made the system slow.The prosecution blames defense lawyers for the delay. \"The defence side always tries to push for adjournments,\" said Gauri. \"Unfortunately, we cannot deny them the right to take adjournments, as it is well within their constitutional rights. The trial, however, gets delayed.\"Defence advocates, on the other hand, complain that the investigation is slow and the preparation on both sides incomplete. \"Prosecution often is unable to produce the witnesses on time,\" said advocate V Kannadasan. \"In many cases, the eye witness might be a homeless person or moves out of of his original residential address due to genuine reasons. As police would have cited him as prosecution witness, unless he is produced in time,there will be delay and the success of the prosecution too will be in doubt.\"Summing up the situation, a former Mahila Court prosecutor said: \"With all these delays, the accused cannot be kept in jail for the entire period of trial, so he is granted bail. Once the accused is out, the chances of him threatening or influencing the victim to withdraw the case or opt for settlement is high. Over a period, the victim turns hostile leaving the case remains in a limbo. This explains why conviction rate in rape cases, just as other cases, too has dipped alarmingly. Ideally, we should be able to complete rape trials in 3-4 sittings on a fast track court mode, with no bail and no adjournments.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17803157", "title": "Personally monitor murder case, panel tells DGPs", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Not satisfied with the investigations of Haryana police in Jyoti murder case, National Commission for Scheduled Castes on Friday asked the DGPs of Haryana and Himachal Pradesh to personally monitor its progress.Jyoti, 24, was found murdered in Sector 21, Panchkula, on November 22. First-time Congress MLA from Doon assembly segment in Himachal Pradesh, Ram Kumar Chaudhary, 43, is the prime accused in the case. The commission has asked the police to arrest all the accused within 15 days and provide police protection to the victim's father, who has alleged that a police official was pressurizing him to reach a compromise.ACP, Panchkula, Virender Singh, who is investigating into the matter, appeared before commission vice-chairman Raj Kumar Verka in Chandigarh on Friday. He told the commission that they had been requested to not arrest Chaudhary till December 20, the day election results to the HP assembly were declared.\"The SP of Baddi had requested that the arrest of Chaudhary immediately after the declaration of assembly results may create a law and problem, so we should not arrest him,\" Singh told the commission vice-chairman.After concluding the hearing, the commission vice-chairman said, \"The efforts of police to arrest the accused are not enough. It seems that police did not take the case seriously. I have asked the police to submit action taken report (ATR) within 15 days. The commission will also call the DGPs of Haryana and Himachal Pradesh in Delhi to know the progress of the case on January 8 or 9.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17802301", "title": "Vizag cops under glare over custodial death", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: In yet another case of alleged police atrocity, a 35-year-old 'habitual offender' Bura Srinivas died under suspicious circumstances in police custody at the Two Town police station here on Friday. This takes the total count of custodial deaths in Vizag to four in the last two years.Srinivas, a resident of Kothapeta, is understood to have been brought in for questioning from Vizianagaram on Thursday night by the Two Town police of Visakhapatnam as part of their interrogation for his involvement in several burglary cases pending against him in the City Police Commissionerate limits. But by Friday morning he was dead.The exact cause of his death is yet to be ascertained as the post mortem is scheduled to be performed only on Saturday morning and the inquest would be conducted by the Visakhapatnam RDO only then.According to information given out by the police, Srinivas complained of stomach ache in the morning after having a cup of tea. Initially, the police thought that he was lying but when he started writhing in pain and cried for help, they rushed him to King George Hospital (KGH). He was admitted to the Acute Medical Care Unit (AMCU) and died while undergoing treatment.However, the police version has few takers. Civil liberties organizations alleged that the person died after he was tortured by the police and have demanded a judicial inquiry.Visakhapatnam Civil Liberties Union (VCLU) president M Akbar alleged that the victim was brought in a critical condition to the hospital following severe police torture. Demanding a judicial probe, Akbar also requested the high court chief justice Pinaki Chandra Ghosh, who is presently visiting the port city, to take it up as a suo motto case.Brushing aside allegations of torture, city police commissioner B Shivadhar Reddy said Srinivas was a known offender in Vizianagaram and Visakhapatnam.Caught on the back foot, Vizag city police authorities also made wild allegations against the deceased in a bid to discredit him and hush up the case. According to the cops, not only was Srinivas a chronic ulcer patient, but he was suffering from AIDS as well and was notorious for threatening suicide whenever he was taken into custody. The cops alleged that Srinivas had become a vagabond after he lost his parents when he was a teenager and had even become a eunuch.\"After knowing the nature of the criminal how can we torture or manhandle him. He was suffering from AIDS too, so we had taken all the precautionary measures while conducting the interrogation,\" said a senior Two Town police station officer.Police authorities said that Srinivas, who is understood to be the only son of a farm labourer, was a dossier criminal who was allegedly involved in many crimes such as burglary and robbery in Vizianagaram, Visakhapatnam and Bheemili and was also involved in a murder case in Vizianagaram in 1998. The police also alleged that he was involved in more than 20 house breaking cases in Vizianagaram Two Town police station limits alone and a DC (dossier criminal) sheet was opened against him in Vizianagaram in 1999.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "dubai", "code": "17806953", "title": "Clarke on top in ICC rankings with career-best points", "text": "DUBAI: In the form of his life, Australian captain Michael Clarke on Saturday reached a career-best 900 points to retain the top spot in the ICC Test Rankings for batsmen after his side's innings and 201 runs win against Sri Lanka in Melbourne.The win guaranteed Australia an unassailable 2-0 lead in the three-match series.Clarke began the Test on 888 ratings points and earned 12 ratings points for his knock of 106 to become only the seventh Australian batsman to achieve the rare distinction as he retained his position at the top of the batting table.Don Bradman, Ricky Ponting , Matthew Hayden , Doug Walters, Neil Harvey and Mike Hussey are the other Australian batsmen to break the 900-point barrier.Clarke has enjoyed a record-breaking year with the bat in Test matches and he has ended 2012 as the highest run-getter with 1595 runs from 11 matches. Clarke also broke former captain Ricky Ponting's record of most Test runs by an Australia batsman in a year.Clarke's hundred in the Melbourne Test was his fifth for the year to add to his triple hundred and three double hundreds during the course of 2012. At 900 ratings points, Clarke is now 26th in the all-time batting ratings list.Mitchell Johnson , player of the match in Melbourne, has also made an all-round impact in the latest rankings.Johnson's match figures of four for 63 and two for 16 has put him back among the top 20 bowlers' list. He is now 18th after a jump of three places.In addition to that Johnson's unbeaten knock of 92 has seen him climb 13 places to 81st in the batting table. The combined bowling and batting efforts has put him back in the top 10 of the all-rounders' table at 10th (up by four places).Kumar Sangakkara , who became the second Sri Lankan batsman, and the 11th overall, to reach the 10,000-Test run mark has moved up a place to fourth in the batting table.The bowlers' table is still headed by South Africa's Dale Steyn . Jacques Kallis continues to head the all-rounders' table, followed by Bangladesh's Shakib Al Hasan in the second place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "17801053", "title": "Ponda municipal council to get 14th ward, Sanquelim municipal council to lose 2 wards to new Harvalem village panchayat", "text": "PONDA: The urban development department has sought four months from the Goa state election commission to delimit the wards of Ponda municipal council (PMC) and Sanquelim municipal council (SMC). The councils' terms end in February 2013. But with PMC set to get a fourteenth ward and SMC set to lose two and return to being a 10-ward council, elections are expected to be postponed. SMC's two wards will be added to the new Harvalem village panachayat.Deputy chief minister and UD minister Francis D'Souza said the government wants to have both elections at the same time. \"A census has just been completed and it shows a rise in population in the Ponda municipal council area. Besides the government wants to bring parity among all wards of Ponda town,\" he said.\"I think the existing Municipalities Act does not permit extension of council tenure, so administrators may be appointed to both councils till the delimitation exercise is over,\" he added.Goa state election commissioner M Mudassir said the commission will decide the election programme considering the progress of the delimitation work. A final decision will be taken on Monday, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17803535", "title": "Civic administration pushes for property tax hike", "text": "PUNE: The civic administration is trying hard to convince the elected representatives about the need to hike property tax by 8% in the coming financial year.In a presentation made to the standing committee recently, the administration proposed to increase the property tax by pushing up the general tax structure. The standing committee deferred the decision.Committee chairman Baburao Chandere said they will take a call on the matter in a special meeting .The civic body, as per section 99 of the Bombay Provincial Municipal Corporation (BPMC) Act, 1949, finalises the rates of taxes every year and places the proposal before the standing committee. If the standing committee approves the same, it becomes a part of the municipal commissioner's annual civic budget. As per the BPMC Act, the general body (GB) must approve new tax rates before February 20.\"We are talking to all party leaders. The hike in property tax is necessary considering the state government's announcement that octroi will be abolished after March 31, 2013. The PMC mainly depends on octroi revenue for its development works and once it is abolished, it will have to depend on property tax and other revenue resources,\" said a civic official.The proposal for 2013-14 states: \"It is necessary to increase revenue from taxes and other sources considering the cost escalation in developmental projects and expenditure on providing civic amenities, especially projects related to water supply and sewage treatment.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17804681", "title": "Saroj Khan angry with Vishal Bhardwaj", "text": "A bitter Saroj Khan reacts to her choreography being scrapped in Bhardwaj's next, alleges she was kept in the dark about itCould it be that the talented Vishal Bhardwaj mistimed his step with this dance number?The rambunctious Oye Boy Charlie song picturised on Anushka Sharma , Imran Khan and Pankaj Kapur in his next has left a bitter taste in someone's mouth - Saroj Khan.Apparently, it was the first time in her career spanning 26 years that the veteran choreographer was replaced, her work scrapped after the entire song was shot, and she was not informed about it. And it was only after she caught a glimpse of the song from Matru Ki Bijlee... on TV that she realised that it was not the one she had created. Even though, she says, she received her remuneration for it.It panned out this way. Vishal had invited Saroj to choreograph the song. However, after it was shot, the filmmaker realised it was not what he wanted. \"Saroj ji had choreographed Oye Charlie very beautifully. However, when we saw the song, we felt it did not go with the tone of the film. With very little time on hand, I just shot the song like I do a scene,\" said Vishal.But it was only after the new cut went live on TV, Vishal sent an apologetic letter to Khan, explaining why her version was scrapped summarily. Admits the National-award winning choreographer: \"It was a very nicely worded letter. He said he wanted lot of 'janglipana' in that song, and my work was too classy and sophisticated.\"However, the 'love letter' as Khan sarcastically calls that note, does not address all of Khan's grievances. \"Why didn't he (Vishal) tell me then about his requirements? I was not given any instructions. And surprisingly, even while I was doing the song, I was not given the slightest hint of any thing going awry by either the filmmaker or any of his team members. This is the first time in my career that mere saath aisa hua hai .\"Khan also says that the team was perhaps simply trying to evade her, citing logistical issues. \"The letter said that the logistics did not allow them to call me and my team back to redo the song. Trust me, I had asked for about 50 dancers but wasn't given more than 30. It was some experience!\" she added.Khan sounds rather amused when we tell her that Vishal has choreographed the catchy song. She retorts: \"He can say what he wants, but he has not choreographed Oye Boy Charlie. A guy from Chennai, Dinesh, has helped him choreographed it.\" but Dinesh Kumar, the said choreographer denied being a part of this song.Despite the incident, Khan insists she will be civil to the filmmaker when she meets him again. \"If I bump into him in future, I will have no qualms talking to him. He is a fine filmmaker. I have still not replied to his love letter, but I will.\"Then, as an afterthought, she adds, \"Come to think of it, I don't have to prove my credentials to anybody, including Vishal Bhardwaj.\"Vishal on a reconciliatory note says, \"I am a composer and I know it doesn't feel nice to be replaced.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "17801396", "title": "Damaged sluice gates to be rebuilt, says minister Dayanand Mandrekar", "text": "MAPUSA: Siolim MLA and water resources department minister Dayanand Mandrekar on Friday promised local farmers that the sluice gates at the Siolim bridge, opposite St Anthony's church, will be rebuilt.He said the PWD-accused of completely removing one gate and damaging the other while renovating the bridge-has yet to give the completion certificate to the bridge work. Finishing touches to the work are currently being given, he said.\"We have published the tender (to rebuild the gates). The file is with the finance department , once we get the go-ahead the work order will be issued,\" said Mandrekar.He added that the work is estimated to cost 1.17 crore and it will be undertaken by the WRD.\"Two sluice gates will be erected with the latest technology. These will have longer durability so that the issue of salt water entering the fields will be solved for at least the next 100 years,\" said Mandrekar.He further said a canal will be erected at Sodiem to ensure that no salt water enters the fields \"even in the worst case scenario\".There were originally two sluice gates at the bridge to keep saline water out of the fields. While one was completely removed by the PWD during the bridge's renovation, the other was damaged.Farmers under the banner of the Siolim Xell Shetkari Tenants Association have been complaining repeatedly that salt water has entered their fields and is threatening their source of livelihood.They have even brought this matter to the notice of all authorities concerned.\"Saline water has inundated most of the fields. Here, most farmers are dependent on agriculture and this year a majority of the fields have turned barren. The farmers should be compensated,\" said association president Murari Jivaji.Farmers recalled that when one of the sluice gates was damaged 25 years ago, all the fields of Marna, Sodiem and Xell in Siolim were damaged by the saline water and they remained barren for 15-16 years.\"Salinity ruins the fertile soil and wipes out the livelihood of farmers. Authorities should initiate immediate measures to erect the sluice gates,\" Jivaji stressed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "khandwa (mp)", "code": "17806943", "title": "Shocked by husband's death, woman ends life", "text": "KHANDWA (MP): Shocked at the death of her husband in a road accident, a woman ended her life near here, police said on Saturday.One Gopal Gangaram, hailing from Chhanera taluka, died on the spot after coming under the rear wheels of a bus. When his wife Rekha heard the news, she was devastated.Unable to overcome the trauma and shock, she consumed some poisonous substance yesterday, Chhanera police station in charge MM Sonia said.Rekha was immediately taken to a hospital where she died during treatment, the officer said.The couple has left behind three children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17808011", "title": "Majeric completes a double with first singles title", "text": "PUNE: Slovenia's Tadeja Majeric presented herself a New Year gift by winning her maiden singles title with a hard-fought win over Turkey's Basak Eraydin in the final of the NECC ITF Women's $25,000 tennis tournament on Saturday.Majeric overcame a fighting and giant-killer Basak Earydin 6-2, 6-4 in one hour and 18 minutes in the summit clash to win her maiden ITF singles title.Making her third visit to the city memorable, it was doubley sweet for Majeric since she had won the doubles title yestreday in the company of Swiss Conny Perrin.A baseliner, Majeric did lose some composure midway through the second set when Eraydin forced her to come to the nets, but the Slovenian held on gamely.\"I was a bit nervous going into the final match. Maybe slightly emotional as I wanted to win the title and close the year on a high note,\" said Majeric, who earned 50 ranking points for her effort and $2940 as prize money.Majeric opened the first set by breaking Earydin in the first game, but the Turkish player shot back by leveling the scores by winning the second game. The Slovenian wasn't ready to give up easily as Majeric made it 1-2 before holding her own serve to widen the gap (1-3).\"I had good tactics going into the match. I played on her backhand, which is her weak points,\" explained Majeric.Precisely so as Majeric broke Earydin for the third time in the first set, taking the fifth game for 4-1 lead before serving out the set 6-2. Both players began the second set on a cautious note as the game went with the serves till 3-3 before Majeric found that break when Earydin committed several unforced errors.Majeric's passing winners saw her take the ninth game and when she served for the match, it was an eventuality that Earydin could not avoid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17802101", "title": "Western twist to festive sweets", "text": "KOLKATA: The top mishti brands of the city have taken up the challenge to beat the cake wallahs this season with an array of firang flavoured goodies. Chocolate and notun gur are fusing with cottage cheese to bring out some of the most lipsmacking sweets ever.Be it Balaram Mullick, Banchharam, Bhim Nag or KC Das, the doyens in the sweet world of Kolkata have come out with innovations like nolen gur-er souffle, notun gur-er truffle sandesh, baked plum cake.\"Times are changing and we cannot expect the new generation to come looking only for sandesh, rossogolla and khirer chop. Today's kids are educated differently and more used to a western lifestyle. Our challenge is to keep kids coming to us, so we constantly experiment with our sweets,\" shared Sudip Mullick of Balaram Mullick.For the notun gur-er truffle sandesh, white Belgian chocolate is imported to make the covering for the melted heart of nolen-gur patali. Again, a traditional sandesh is stuffed with dry fruits and then baked almost like a cake to make the baked plum cake sandesh. Real souffle cream is used outside a kanchagolla that is filled with molten notun gur.Bhim Nag, the sandesh king, is going the traditional way this New Year and plans to bring back some stunning lost favourites. Monohora, for example, will smell and taste of nolen gur and cardamom. The gur-er barfi with a liberal mix of crushed cashew nuts and monoranjan are being introduced just for this festive season.\"Monoranjan looks like the groom's headgear and we are re-introducing it after decades. The magic lies in the portion of gur and cottage cheese, the temperature in which they are mixed and the final garnishing,\" said Pradip Nag.KC Das has come up with a bell-shaped sandesh made of chhana but with a heart made of pure chocolate sauce. It has also made new savouries for the season. So you have the singara Italiano where the stuffing is a mix of American corn, capsicum and mozzarella cheese, flavoured by oregano. \"We are happy that the young and old are both lapping it up,\" said Dhiman Das, of KC Das.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "17802609", "title": "Porous northeast borders turn into transit zone for traffickers", "text": "SHILLONG: Trafficking has become rampant in the northeast mostly due to the porous international borders, which have so far facilitated movement of arms and ultras. Data collected by some NGOs working against trafficking show the northeastern region - which shares its borders with China, Bhutan, Myanmar and Bangladesh - has turned into a transit zone for trafficking children and women.Infiltration, which till date threatens the region's ever skewed demographic equation, is seen as a major reason behind the borders becoming so vulnerable to human trafficking. Bangladeshi infiltrators routinely cross the borders and enter the northeastern states, mainly Assam in search of livelihood. \"There is a constant cross-border movement of illegal migrants, who primarily look for better opportunities in India,\" said an NGO activist on condition of anonymity.But in the process of doing so, several women and children fall prey to trafficking network. \"Most of the women and children who illegally cross over to the northeast are subjected to sexual exploitation and flesh trade and ultimately end up in brothels across the country,\" said the activist.In Meghalaya, women, mostly illegal migrants, employed by eateries along highways are prone to sexual exploitation. They often give in to the lure of a better job or marriage. \"Shops have mushroomed all along the highways where young girls are employed, who are often vulnerable to physical and sexual exploitation,\" said another NGO member who did not wish to be named.\"Truck drivers from all over the country who constantly use the National Highways, often lure these young women into fake marriages, besides promising better jobs. These vulnerable women, a majority of whom are illegal migrants from Bangladesh and Nepal , are subsequently trafficked into brothels across the country,\" she said.The activist further said there is very little effort by the government to stop such activities along the border. Though police have not achieved any major breakthrough in this regard, they suspect that a strong network of criminals involved in trafficking of women and children is operating in the North East with the help of similar groups in Bangladesh, Bhutan and Myanmar.\"The problem in the North East has been further aggravated by constant situations of conflict, making certain sections of the society, especially children and women, vulnerable,\" said a police officer.Trafficking has become a complex phenomenon involving a whole range of issues which highlight extreme vulnerability of women and children and brings to fore the inimical nexus of various social elements that human trafficking involves.The network includes factors at a micro as well as macro level - from the sanctified institution of the family to the larger community, the market and the state - all are implicated. With increasing instances of HIV/AIDS , trafficking has today become even more life threatening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17802837", "title": "Theatres offering \u00e2\u20ac\u02dctweet seats\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 to mobile addicts", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17803064", "title": "Star-studded Kumbh on cards this time", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Rumblings over land allotment among seers notwithstanding, the best is yet to come to Kumbh Mela-2013. A number of celebrities, including Hollywood personalities like award-winning filmmaker, actor, TV director, visual artist and musician David Lynch, actor Richard Gere and spiritual guru Dalai Lama would be rubbing shoulders with bigwigs like former US presidential candidate John Hagelin, a number of Nobel laureates and spiritual gurus.Though Mela authorities were tight-lipped over the names of the celebrities likely to visit the Mela for security reasons, visit of some of the celebrities was confirmed by local sources.National spokesperson of the Maharishi Mahesh Yogi Trust Dr T C Pathak told TOI: \"A number of Hollywood celebrities would apparently visit the Mela to pay obeisance to the upcoming 'samadhi' (memorial) of their spiritual guru, late Maharishi Mahesh Yogi, at Sacha Baba ashram in Arail. They would be joined by more than a thousand delegates of the Maharishi movement drawn from 120 countries, who would camp at the sprawling 600-acre Sacha Baba ashram of their late guru.\"A number of celebrities have been associated with the Maharishi movement. Pathak said: \"The occasion would be graced by international head of Maharishi movement Dr Tony Nader, who has assumed the high-sounding title of Raja Ram, head of the Global Country of World Peace. Giving him company and assistance would be his deputy Raja Harris and prime minister of the Maharishi Global Country of World Peace Dr Bevan Morris.\"Pathak refused to comment on the possibility of the visit of pop legend Sir Paul McCartney of the Beatles fame, but said that the group was closely associated with their spiritual guru Maharishi Mahesh Yogi in the 60s.The entire group led by late George Harrison had come down to Rishikesh to meet Mahesh Yogi and stayed there for a couple of days. It was during the course of their stay that the group composed the song - \"Anthem-Jai Guru Deva\", which was played by the National Aeronautical Space Agency (NASA) of the US for astronauts during their space odyssey.Hagelin, a one-time US presidential candidate and a world-renowned quantum physicist, educator, public policy expert and leading proponent of peace, would be our guest, Dr Pathak said.The visit of American filmmaker David Lynch is definitely on the cards along with a host of other international celebrities from the field of science, politics and business at Mahesh Yogi ashram. Maharishi's devotees would play host to a large number of foreign tourists during Kumbh. More than a thousand delegates from 120 countries would also attend our camp at Kumbh Mela, informed Dr Pathak.There is also a strong possibility of Hollywood actor Richard Gere accompanying the exiled Tibetan leader and spiritual guru Dalai Lama, who would visit the Mela to take part in the Sarva Dharma Sansad being organised by the Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) as a keynote speaker.Dalai Lama would share the dais with speakers drawn from Hindu, Jain, Sikh and other diverse faiths to chalk out an effective strategy to foster international peace and brotherhood, said VHP secretary of Allahabad region Pawan Srivastava. However, he couldn't confirm the visit of Gere.Srivastava said that in this connection, an Arunachal Pradesh cabinet minister D B Refunchee had also visited the city a few days back as a representative of Dalai Lama to take stock of the arrangements being made for the two-day stay of the exiled Tibetan leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17803757", "title": "Blind spots on Raipur roads are fatal", "text": "RAIPUR: Several blind-spots on the roads have been giving a tough time to the commuters in the capital, with accidents increasing almost everyday.Even as the city traffic police observe the Road Safety Week in January first week, issues of blind-spots, non-functional red-lights have not grasped the authorities' attention.According to the traffic experts, a blind-spot is when one has to pull brakes suddenly to avoid hitting another vehicle, suddenly zooming in to the main road from a by-lane. It is when the line of sight is blocked due to shrubs, plants or posters hanging on the roads. Those spots turn into accident prone areas. \"It's like you don't know what to expect on a blind turn, especially when you are not aware of that turn at all. And suddenly you are hit,\" said an expert.In a survey done by TOI with contribution from traffic police, it found a number of blind spots and accident prone areas which despite claiming few lives and leaving many injured, remain the same with the damaged dividers.Talking to TOI Manoj Tiwari, a four-wheeler owner said, \"Driving through the Shankar Nagar road needs a lot of concentration, you never know which cycle, tri-cycle would emerge from the narrow streets and join you. They sometimes give me a jerk by suddenly appearing on the road. I miss a heartbeat if I am on a two-wheeler, as you are comparatively less safe while driving a two-wheeler.\"Citing examples Nirmala Shukla, a social worker said that the U-turns at Telibandha road are one of the most dangerous spots. Especially after 9 pm, you can see vehicles coming from every direction creating confusion. \"Vehicles from the two malls pass through this spot in large numbers. I have seen many accidents happening there,\" she said.Other turns spotted as accident prone areas are the Netaji Chowk where vehicles pass through five connected roads. The Amapara Chowk U-turn forces the drivers to pull suddenly due to heavily fast-moving traffic. Many college students who go for tuitions to Govind Nagar, Shailendra Nagar and Tagore Nagar complained of the speed-breakers and absence of squares at the most needed spots on those roads. \"Though the streets are very narrow, they have gallis at every 200 metres and the presence of speed-breakers at every 100 metres increases the risk even more. We had written to the additional superintendent of police in August but nothing has been done,\" Ragini Sahu complained.\"For me it's the posters and banners that hinder on my way and I would call all those spots as accident-prone areas. Go to any square or chourahas, look at the Gaurav Path divider, they are all full of posters and banners hanging from the poles. Firstly they disrupt the way for the vehicles and then they serve as barriers to look on the other side. Sometimes the overgrown plants also become a nuisance. Foliage or plantation on the divider should be trimmed at regular intervals,\" Mahesh R Rao, a bank employee said.More such examples can be found at the society lane junctions that merge with the main road, railway junctions, badly-parked vehicles around the crossroads and intersection of roads with big installations in the middle, making it difficult to see the other side of the road.Accident Prone Areas: Govind Nagar, Telibandha Chowk, Tatobandh, Shankar Nagar, Katora Talab Square, Shailendra Nagar residential street, Tagore Nagar square, Kushalpur Chowk, Bhatagaon Chowk, Ring Road no. 3, Hirapur ChowkReasons: U-turns, Posters and Banners hanging from poles, Movement of heavy vehicles from opposite direction leaves no space, Disrupted parking, dangerous turns, Absence of squaresTraffic gyan: Keep your headlights on low-beam during the night so that the vehicles coming from the opposite direction are not blinded. Always use indicators before taking a turn.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17805303", "title": "Ailing Pran back in ICU", "text": "The 92-year-old actor has been admitted to Lilavati hospital again, barely a month after he was dischargedPran, barely a month after he was discharged from the Lilavati hospital in Bandra, is back in the Intensive Care Unit (ICU). The 92-year-old actor was wheeled in to the hospital on Thursday.Pran's daughter Pinky is currently shuttling between two ailing family members - her father and her mother-in-law, who is admitted at the Kokilaben Ambani hospital in Andheri.\"My father's chest congestion recurred. But he is better than yesterday,\" Pinky told us on Friday, and refrained from elaborating further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17803171", "title": "Not welcomed by ADGP, SAD-BJP minister threatens to 'pull out'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After an angry Opposition, that stalled and boycotted assembly proceedings last week, it is now the angry alliance partners that Shiromani Akali Dal is busy mollifying. A miffed Madan Mohan Mittal, cabinet minister in the Badal government, has threatened to \"pull out\" following what he perceived was a slight when he found that the additional director general of police, Punjab Police Academy, was not there to welcome him when he went to cut the ribbon at the health centre at the academy.At a time when high-handedness of politicians is making news in Punjab, Mittal not only went into a fit of rage, most of which was captured on the camera, but also threatened the ADGP G S Sihota for taking up the matter with the home minister.\"I am not happy at all. I am very upset. You did not come there to receive me. You were here and you never came to meet me. I am very upset. I am not happy with your attitude. There was no chair for me to sit. I did not want to come on the dais,\" visibly-angry Mittal was heard saying.It took a while for the organizers to pacify the angry \"neta ji\" as he refused to even take his seat. It was only after repeated pleas by the ADGP, who said with folded hands that he welcomed him \"from his heart\" that the minister took his seat on the dais. \"We are also cabinet ministers and enjoy the same status as others do. If this is the way the government humiliates us then we don't want to be in the government with them,\" Mittal said.With chief minister Parkash Singh Badal away to New Delhi, the state government has gone into an overdrive to pacify the offended minister from the alliance. Even as Sihota apologized in full public view, senior leaders from Akali Dal also reached out to Mittal and are believed to have \"massaged his ego\", as a senior Akali leader told TOI: \"Repeated attempts to reach out to Mittal, however, went in vain as he made himself unavailable.\"Sumedh Singh Saini, director general of Punjab police, said, \"We will take appropriate action in the matter. Protocol demands that senior superintendent of police and deputy commissioner should accompany the minister or a VIP dignitary.\"Even as SAD government sought to downplay the incident, with political adviser to the chief minister, Kamal Sharma, alluding to it as a \"momentary thing\", Mittal has come under severe attack from his own party legislators for his \"high handedness\".A senior BJP leader, also a sitting legislator, who was earlier in the Cabinet, said, \"This is ridiculous. There has never been an incident like this in the past although BJP has been in alliance for a long time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17807105", "title": "Sandalwood's debutants of 2012", "text": "Sandalwood saw a host of newcomers in the year 2012. While some went on to break box office records, few others gave forgetful performances this year. However, the year seemed to have been good for debutants in the Kannada film industry. We take a look at some of the top actors who marked their debut in Sandalwood this year.Dhruva Sarja Carrying on the legacy from uncle Arjun Sarja and brother Chiranjeevi Sarja, Dhruva Sarja's debut with Addhuri opposite Radhika Pandit didn't really come as a surprise. Though his debut film took two years to complete, Dhruva has managed to hit the bull's eye at the BO.Deepika Kamaiah Model-turned-actor Deepika Kamaiah marked her debut in Sandalwood this year opposite Darshan in Chingari . While this might be her first film in Kannada, she had already done a Tamil film Aanmai Thavarael . But the response post her debut film in Kannada has fetched her several movies offers not just in Kannada, but also in Bollywood. Her cameo appearance in the upcoming Shahid-Ileana starrer has got the actor all excited.Parul Yadav Little did Parul Yadav know she would become a star post the success of the song Pyarge Aagbittaite from her film Govindaya Namaha . She is working with actor Sudeep in Bachchan and also finalizing her next Kannada movie.Sharan We all know actor Sharan loves to tickle our funny bones with his comic timing. But the actor has joined the 'hero' league by making his debut as a solo actor in Rambo , a comedy flick. The film got a good response and Sharan is looking at doing for solo projects.Manjari Phadnis The Jaane Tu... Ya Jaane Na girl might not have many films in Bollywood , but her B-town image has been received well in the south. She made her debut with Golden Star Ganesh with Munjane , and is also working for her next Kannada film with Navdeep.Nikeesha Patel The model-turned-actor was noticed by Kannada filmmakers when she visited the city for CCL. Her debut film with V Ravichandran Narasimha finally saw the light of the day this year. She also bagged the lead opposite Chiranjeevi Sarja in Varadhanayaka that is ready for release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17803532", "title": "Realty sector awaits policy initiatives to boost sales", "text": "PUNE: The city's real estate sector, despite a decent performance during 2012, is waiting for major policy initiatives that will help ease property prices and encourage customers to buy properties.Among major aspirations of the realty sector players are, cutting down the number of clearances a housing project has to obtain and a reduction in taxes which effectively have a bearing on the price a buyer pays for his dream home.An urgent issue is that of the stamp fee payable on real estate deals. The realtors complain that the state government has been jacking up this fee each year as it is based on the ready reckoner values which is declared at the beginning of the year. Also looming large is the spectre of the value added tax (VAT), about which there is no clarity in spite the court ruling that the state is empowered to levy the tax.Anuj Puri, chairman and country head at real estate consultancy firm Jones Lang LaSalle , told TOI: \"Obtaining the 57-odd permissions to begin construction of a project can take as much as two years. During this time, the cost of acquisition or even holding the land for a project rises. Builders are already beset with the increased costs of licence and construction.\"D S Kulkarni, chairman of real estate firm DSK Developers, said the government's tax policies have reduced the builders to mere collectors of taxes on behalf of the government. \"As much as 27 per cent of the price of a dwelling is taxes which we collect from customer and pay to different government bodies,\" he said.Puri added that it became evident in 2012 that homes are not selling at the current price points, and developers need to re-calibrate their bottom lines to remain viable as businesses. It is extremely doubtful that the previously offered freebies and other incentives will prove to be much of a booster in the current environment. Since the only way to catalyse healthier sales at this point is offering buyers tangible financial relief, we are likely to see drastic trimming of frills in projects to make them more marketable from a pricing point of view, and innovative payment schemes. \"Developers will also offer buyers attractive pre-launch benefits in a bid to accelerate sales momentum in the initial months following a launch. Developers with large-scale projects with a greater share of unsold inventory will be under greater pressure to offer discounts than those with smaller projects and limited inventories.\"Kishor Pate, chairman of Amit Enterprises Housing Ltd, said many positive factors made things easy in the realty sector but what really pulled Pune's property sector through was the growing number of investors in the market. \"In 2012, our analysis showed that only about 40% of all apartments in Pune are being bought and used by actual end users - flat owners who are personally using their properties for occupation. As much as 40% of the remaining flats are held by investors for renting out to the growing transient working population in and around the city's IT hubs. The remaining flats are standing empty. These are either bought by NRIs who intend to move back to Pune in the near future, or are being held by speculators looking for a profitable resale.\"Rajas Jain, managing director of Kumar Properties Pvt Ltd, said the year 2012 has been a little subdued yet mainly stable. Slow reforms coupled with lack of decisive political will and a struggling economy has affected market confidence, thereby dampening real estate sentiment. The inclusion of 28 more villages into the Pune Municipal Corporation (leading to greater availability of dwelling units), removal of 'no objection certificate' system for transfer of ownership before society formation and the recent move to allow FDI in multi-brand retail will be the major factors driving demand in 2013. Also, prevailing exchange rate benefits due to the falling value of Indian currency will advance investment from the non-resident Indians in the commercial real estate space, Jain added.According to Puri, the country's economic environment will certainly improve in 2013, with a corresponding (though lagging) gain in momentum for real estate. The most tangible benefits of economic improvements on the Indian real estate space will be seen in the second half of 2013, Puri said. \"With moderation in wholesale price index inflation, the Reserve Bank of India started softening its cash reserve ratio to improve the credit situation. Further easing of liquidity with the prime objective of reviving the GDP is expected in the first half of 2013,\" Puri added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17802893", "title": "Systemic change must for people's welfare: Modi", "text": "PATNA: Rashtriya Swayamsewak Sangh (RSS) deputy chief Bhaiyaji Joshi on Friday appealed to Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) members to dedicate themselves to creative and constructive activities to present new ideals before students.Joshi, who was giving valedictory address to the ABVP delegates at their outfit's 58th national convention held at K C Sudershan Nagar, made at the ground near Jayaprabha Blood Bank in Kankarbagh locality, added it was the most effective way to reach out to students so as to further entrench the outfit among them in the country. Friday was the concluding day of the three-day convention.It transpired at the convention that the ABVP has around 19 lakh members in the country, including around 1 lakh in Bihar. Several BJP leaders, including deputy leader of the opposition in Rajya Sabha Ravi Shankar Prasad, party's national spokesman and Rajya Sabha member Rajiv Pratap Rudy, deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi and minister Nand Kishore Yadav , among others, were present during the valedictory function. On the occasion, Prof. Yashwant Rao Kelkar Yuva Puraskar were also given by Modi to youth who had made a mark in their activities on their own volition in various states.While the ABVP adopted the resolution to strive for 'satta parivartan (change of ruling power)' in the country, Modi said that people's welfare would not be achieved just by the change of power. Instead, the ABVP would have to seriously resolve and work for systemic change, he added.According to him, youth had played an active role in 1965-66 following which the Congress lost power in nine states. Similarly, their active participation had led to replacement of the Congress government at the Centre in 1977. The present was beset with several problems, including crisis-ridden economy, female infanticide, dowry demand, child marriage, atrocities on women, reprehensible attitude and mentality towards women and rise in the incidents of rape across the states, Modi said.He said the ABVP members should seek inspiration from Swami Vivekanand and 'samskar' from the RSS to provide creative orientation to youth and society, so that the country evolves into a \"world power\" and 'vishwa guru'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17803478", "title": "We must ensure maximum efficiency in water utilisation", "text": "It is about time we had a water policy that takes a comprehensive view of how to utilise this precious natural resource. The importance of efficiently using water has been repeatedly underscored by several global experts who have predicted that if ever there is another World War it is likely to be a fight over water resources. For far too long, we have treated it as if it were a limitless resource. That has to stop. The policy must, therefore, focus on how to ensure maximum efficiency in water utilisation. At the same time, it must ensure that there is an equitable distribution of water. Meeting both goals would require a combination of market and non-market driven incentives. Getting that combination right is the key.Related story : Centre promises Telangana decision in 30 days; Will Cong finally shed ambivalence?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17800754", "title": "Vidarbha leaders in a tizzy on Sushilkumar Shinde's Telangana plan", "text": "NAGPUR: The announcement by Union government in New Delhi that a decision on Telangana statehood demand will be taken within a month has put the pro-Vidarbha leaders and organizations on alert. Union home minister Sushilkumar Shinde , who had on Friday convened an all-party meeting in the national capital to deliberate on Telangana statehood demand that is hanging fire for years, said all views on the matter have been heard and a final decision could be expected in a month. This was the third all-party meeting in as many years on the subject.The last such meeting called last year by the then Union minister P Chidambaram could not arrive at a consensus. The demand for creation of a new state by culling ten districts from Andhra Pradesh has become contentious mainly over the claims on capital city of Hyderabad. Telangana wants it but coastal Andhra leaders are opposing it. Major agitations by pro-Telangana activists lead by Chandrasekhar Rao have in the last few years brought the Centre as well as the Andhra governments on their knees. Yet, because of political compulsions the Centre has kept dithering.One such fear is that granting Telangana would open up Pandora's box as several other aspirants for statehood would jump onto the bandwagon. Pro-Vidarbha leaders like Jambuwantrao Dhote and Federation for New States' Deepak Nilawar saw a ray of hope in Shinde's announcement. \"We hope the decision on Telangana is positive and Union government would at the same time create new state of Vidarbha,\" said Dhote.He told TOI the demand for Vidarbha was much older and had more merit. \"If the Congress failed to recognize this, it would be wiped out from Vidarbha region. Already, in the last Lok Sabha elections it could barely win 2 of the ten seats. If it fails to honour aspirations of people craving for development through creation of smaller, manageable states, Congress would be rejected,\" said Dhote. Nilawar appealed to Shinde to club Telangana and Vidarbha demands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17803534", "title": "At 7.8\u00c2\u00b0C, night temperature is 3\u00c2\u00b0C below normal", "text": "PUNE: Cold conditions prevailed for the second day in succession as the night temperature in the city was recorded at 7.8 degrees celsius on Friday. This was 3 degrees celsius below normal and was marginally less than the season's lowest of 7.4 degrees celsius that was recorded on Thursday.On the other hand, the maximum temperature increased to 29.5 degrees celsius, which was 1 degree celsius above normal, after hovering around 27 degrees celsius for the last couple of days.The India Meteorological Department (IMD) has forecasted an increase in the night temperature to around 9 degrees celsius in the next 24 hours. \"The rise in temperature will be mainly on account of easterly and southeasterly waves from the Bay of Bengal that will cause moisture incursion into the region and raise humidity,\" an IMD official said.In the last two days, the night temperature has dropped suddenly due to strong northerly winds reaching directly to parts of Maharashtra from the cold and dry northern states of the country. Local conditions like clear skies and less humidity also aided in bringing down the temperatures, the official said.Ahmednagar recorded the state's lowest minimum temperature at 6 degrees celsius on Friday while a cold wave persists in parts of the Vidarbha region. Minimum temperatures have dropped appreciably in parts of Konkan and Goa including Mumbai, and in central Maharashtra, stretching from Jalgaon/Nashik in the north to Kolhapur in the south with Pune at the center.Parts of north central Maharashtra including Nashik, Malegaon and Jalgaon recorded 6.5, 7.8 and 8 degrees celsius, respectively. The popular hill-station Mahabaleshwar in neighbouring Satara district was relatively warmer at 12.6 degrees celsius.Parbhani in Marathwada region recorded 7.5 degrees celsius while the mercury was recorded at 9.4 degrees celsius in Aurangabad. In Vidarbha region, Nagpur recorded 7.2 degrees celsius while Yavatmal recorded 6.6 degrees celsius. Amravati recorded 9.6 degrees celsius and Akola recorded 9.5 degrees celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17803028", "title": "Lock in criminals, not citizens", "text": "These examples show it's possible to remain happy during festivals and yet not sink into lawlessness. Getting people to stay indoors, even during festive occasions, is the easy way out; it doesn't show how orderly and safe a city is. Cities that can take pride in calling themselves mature do a dual task; they allow law-abiding citizens to have their share of fun and the entertainment industry to make its money while keeping things safe for them by preempting crime and taking criminals to task. Our administration should emulate this.Related story:  Global metros keep crime at bay, not revelry", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17803307", "title": "Camp to train girls in martial arts", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: In the wake of the recent Delhi gang rape, students of women's colleges in the city are preparing to empower themselves, to thwart any potential act of physical and sexual assault on them.Amid nationwide public outcry on the safety and security of women following the incident, Jamshedpur Women's College (JWC) has decided to conduct a weeklong martial arts training camp for students beginning January 6, 2013. Taekwondo and Karate training will be imparted to the girls on the college campus during the course of the training.\"The idea of martial art training came to us because of the nationwide protest over the safety and security of girls and women. Hopefully, the training camp will go a long way in making our girls physically strong and help them confront untoward situations in life,\" said Dr Shukla Mohanty, JWC principal.She also said the college aims to make the girls mentally fit, while training them to become physically strong. \"Mental toughness is as important as physical prowess, hence we are aiming to develop the girls on both fronts,\" said Dr Mohanty.The college administration is contemplating on making martial art training part of the curriculum, but it has not yet decided whether the training class will be mandatory.\"Although the response of the girls has been good, it is too early to say whether it (martial training) should be made compulsory for the students,\" said the principal.Several college students, who had taken to the streets and visited many homes on Sunday, appealing to women to come out in protest of the rape of a six-year-old minor in Bistupur early this month, felt that martial-art training is the need of the hour.\"Training in martial arts is almost imperative for college girls in particular, and if the college administration has taken an initiative in this regard, we should take advantage of the same,\" said Priya Singh an under graduate student of the college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "17807479", "title": "Edu-city to be inaugurated within two months", "text": "MALAPPURAM: The proposed multi-crore project of 'Edu-city' at Panakkad in Malappuram would be inaugurated within two months. This was informed by the Industrial Minister P K Kunhalikkutty after his visit at the project site at Panakkad on Friday.The process of setting up English and Foreign Language University (Eflu) on the  Edu -city campus is in final stage. Minister said the land for setting up the Eflu campus in Edu-city would be handed over to Eflu authorities within two months. The survey process has already been completed prior to the handing over of the land, he said.The Edu-city is being set up in 243 acres of land. 75 acres of land would be handed over for Eflu campus. Apart from Eflu, Institute of Technical Education, Institute of Engineering and Technology, International Business School , Finishing School, School of Science and Commerce and School of Law and Media also would be set up on the campus.The Infrastructure Kerala Limited (INKEL) had showcased the Edu-city project with an estimated cost of 3000 crore in Emerging Kerala 2012, the investors meet held at Kochi in September to attract multi-national firms to the project.The preliminary steps for setting up an international educational hub and medical city at the land of Industrial Department at Panakkad was started one year back and Kerala State Industrial Development Corporation (KSIDC) had announced that the project will be a joint venture with Infrastructure Kerala Limited (INKEL).Executive Director of Inkel N Shashidharan Nair and Malappuram special officer Abdul Majeed also accompanied the minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh/ludhiana", "code": "17803185", "title": "Assault on policeman", "text": "CHANDIGARH/LUDHIANA: An investigation into the closed circuit television ( CCTV) that allegedly had a footage showing assault on Punjab AIG (intelligence) S S Mand by former Akali Dal leader Maninderpal Singh alias Sunny Johar has added a fresh twist to the December 24 brawl in a Ludhiana restaurant.The probe was ordered by Punjab police chief DGP Sumesh Singh Saini.\"I had a conversation with Ludhiana Commissioner Ishwar Singh this (Friday) morning, and he told me that the footage would now be investigated,\" Saini told mediapersons. There are indications that Mand and his two friends were brutally attacked by Johar and two other accused in the brawl that had also left an NRI injured.The Ludhiana police recovered Sunny's revolver and seven live cartridges from his house in BRS Nagar. Besides, they also found the double SIM cellphone of victim NRI Paramjit Singh Passi from another accused and Sunny's nephew, Amandeep Singh alias Aman, which was snatched during the brawl.\"The weapon of the accused and mobile phone of the victim have been recovered. We are interrogating the accused and expect them to reveal more information,\" said police commissioner Ishwar Singh.Meanwhile, ECG report of third accused Rishi Banda, who complained of chest pain, was normal. A resident of Tagore Nagar, he was taken to the civil hospital for medical examination.The three accused were booked for a murderous attack on Passi on December 25. AIG, counter Intelligence S S Mand was also injured in the brawl at a hotel in Ghumar Mandi on the December 24 night.The three accused, who were arrested from Ludhiana and near Zirakpur two days later, were produced in court on Thursday and remanded in police custody till December 31.During arguments, the public prosecutor said Sunny had aimed the pistol at the NRI. The police are grilling the accused to ascertain the identities of the others involved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17806033", "title": "Lose weight with natural weight loss foods", "text": "Weight loss foods are the first options that come to mind when we think of losing weight. And rightly so; food is crucial to daily living, and intricately tied to how much we do or do not enjoy our lives.But don't look at newly concocted weight loss foods if you're in the market to shop for weight loss. Natural weight loss foods are what you need, and luckily these are available in abundance.So what are these natural weight loss foods? We give you a variety of vegetarian and non vegetarian natural weight loss foods and solve all dilemmas about weight loss through diet. Let's make a shopping list of these natural weight loss foods. But first let's look at how one must consume these weight loss foods...How much harm does a skipped meal cause to the body?Skipping a meal is not the treatment for obesity. The body's metabolism slows down in starvation due to which it goes into a conservation mode and hence it's a natural process of the body to expend lesser energy.Besides, an empty stomach for a long period of time also causes increased acidity and discomfort.Boost metabolism by snacking piouslyYour love for chips and home entertainment is a combination that will either give you the apple or pear shape body. Have small snacks every two hours like nuts, fruits or low calorie diet. Choose wisely to boost the metabolism. Eating frequently will only boost metabolism if you eat the right snacks.What are the foods one must completely avoid to lose weight?There is no food that one should completely avoid since the body requires a certain amount of all nutrients, even fats as in essential fatty acids, carbohydrates for glucose, proteins for amino acids to build tissues and wear and tear, also a whole range of vitamins, minerals and micronutrients.Whole grainsWhole grains are less processed than the refined starches we find in most bread and pasta products. Not only does the refining process remove a lot of essential nutrients from the grain, it breaks down the fiber before you eat it. Eating whole grains that make you feel fuller for longer may help raise your metabolism with the effort your body takes to break it down. Opt for wheat, oats, barley and brown rice.Foods rich in Vitamin CApparently 500mg of vitamin C can burn 30-39 percent calories while you exercise. Bet you did not know this tiny fact about vitamin C. Load up on oranges and guavas on your next trip to the market.Foods rich in Omega 3Omega 3 is responsible for controlling inflammation and rebooting metabolism. Mind you, these food products help you shed the kilos only if you combine their consumption with exercise. Besides fish, you can source Omega 3 from flaxseeds, walnuts and eggs.Drink plenty of waterWater plays an important role for the body's healthy functioning. Water aids digestion, lubricates the body's joints and even makes calorie burning more efficient. Is that why we habitually sip on water after we eat anything? It is a good thing after all.But does that mean that simply drinking water is enough for weight management? Certainly not. Simply drinking water is not enough. Also, does this mean that you should drink at least eight glasses of water every day? The urine colour is the best test. If it's translucent or has a tinge of yellow, your body is hydrated, if it is bright yellow, drink up. But excess water can lead to water intoxication and hyponatermia, so ensure that you sip one cup at a time at a regular intervals instead of guzzling bottles at a time.Have a good healthy breakfastNo time for breakfast? You don't have an appetite? Excuses, excuses! Here is a good excuse why you should have a healthy breakfast everyday. If you skip breakfast, your body thinks you are fasting, which slows down the metabolic process. Besides increasing your metabolism, breakfast stabilizes your hormones and blood sugar levels.Green teaCardiologist, Dr. KK Agarwal reads between the lines, \"While green tea may boost metabolism; this is not enough to make one lose weight fast, unless people complement it with physical workouts and other alternatives.\"Spicy foodThe heat from the spices can help in burning calories. That doesn't mean that one must cover all curries with chilli powder; you don't want an angry stomach surging up your throat for revenge.The truth is capsaicin, found in cayenne peppers, leads to short increases in metabolism, which - by itself - is too miniscule to affect long term weight loss. Hence don't count on spices to pump up your metabolism.Black coffeeConsume at your own risk: Moderate level of black coffee consumption can result in speeding up metabolism for a short period of time. Coffee is quickly absorbed in the blood stream increasing your heart rate and metabolism. Coffee stimulates the production of adrenaline and cortisone; it decreases your chances of cardiovascular diseases, cancer and type 2 diabetes risks. But...", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17802918", "title": "Jetha draws court ire for supporters' behaviour", "text": "VADODARA: While denying anticipatory bail to Shehra BJP MLA Jetha Bharwad on Friday, the Godhra sessions court also pulled him up for the conduct of his supporters. The court of sessions judge D T Soni took objections to the slogan shouting of Jetha's supporters on December 24 during the hearing of his bail plea.Jetha had arrived in the court complex in afternoon that day and his supporters welcomed him with slogan shouting. The crowd displayed posters with slogans in favour of Jetha.'It is condign to note that at the time of hearing, in the second sitting, where the present applicant was present in the court-room, the jam-packed court was hearing slogan shouting of the supporters of applicant. Though there was enough police deployment in court premises for maintaining law and order, this court while hearing the advocates has heard slogan shouting from supporters when the applicant came at 3 pm on December 24, 2012,' the court observed.'When the applicant was called upon to remain present before the court, it was his duty to see that dignity, decorum and atmosphere of the court should not be impaired at any cost. However, this court notes with pain that supporters might not have shouted slogans without support of the applicant. In fact, it was the duty of the applicant to advise his supporters to keep silence before entering court premises,' the judgment read.The court also observed that the situation was brought under control after police prevented the slogan shouting by Jetha's supporters. The court authority also informed the DSP and DySP to deploy police in the court to prevent any untoward incident.'It is hoped that in future such incident should not happen at the behest of the applicant,' the judgment said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17803021", "title": "Regional science centre to be inaugurated today", "text": "JAIPUR: Giant dinosaurs will peek out from the bushes, stars will twinkle at arms length and many unsolved queries about universe will be answered in 3 dimensional (3-D) movies. With regional science centre opening in Jaipur on Saturday, the state will get its first science park.Aimed at creating scientific awareness and temper among the students, the park will have three subject-based galleries. It will also host a planetarium with a capacity of 150 people, exhibition centre, 3-D theatre, library and an exhibition centre.\"Each gallery will be dedicated to a specific subject like astronomy, bio-medical engineering and fun science. Different models of projects will be displayed. Apart from it, in 3-D theatre science fiction movies will be screened,\" said Amita Gill, director, department of science and technology.But major attraction for the kids will be a dedicated park on dinosaurs. The centre will display complete information on life cycle of dinosaurs with huge prototype installed in park. Other treats are hands-on demonstrations of the laws of physics and display of astronomy and insects. A library with books and magazines on science subjects too has been developed in the premises.A separate space has been allotted for the subject based exhibitions. \"On the day of inauguration we are starting with chemistry. It will keep on changing and different issues and subjects will be taken up,\" added Gill.The park land has been constructed at a cost of Rs. 8.5 crore with joint efforts of Rajasthan government and National Council for science and Museum under Union ministry of culture.The centre will open its gates for the visitors from Saturday and will be inaugurated by cabinet minister for culture Chandresh Kumari and chief minister Ashok Gehlot . The centre will remain open from Tuesday to Sunday. Another such park is expected to be developed in Jodhpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17801206", "title": "No takers for year-end cruise parties", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government may have allowed boat parties this year but Mumbai Police have not received a single application from cruise or boat party organizers, an indication that Mumbaikars are yet to get over the 26/11 fear and venture out into the sea to ring in the New Year. Police said that no boat, yacht or cruise party organizer has approached them till date for permission to organize New Year's Eve parties off the Gateway of India. But police sources also indicated that despite government approval, they were apprehensive about granting permissions for boat parties as they would leave the city's security apparatus severely strained.Officials said while no cruise party organizer has approached them so far, even if anyone does seek permission now it will not be granted since not a single cruise has been registered with the police. \"No private or commercial party will be allowed in the sea. Even small boats that organize their own parties will not be permitted,\" said an official. Police commissioner Satya Pal Singh was non-committal on the issue. Asked whether police will allow such parties in the sea, he said, \"When we get the applications, we will take a call on them.\"While the licensing authority in Mumbai is the police commissioner, the deputy commissioner of police headquarters (I) has been empowered by the commissioner to scrutinize such requests and take a call.Last week police had said they would permit commercial cruise parties on this New Year's Eve, but no private New Year's celebrations will be allowed on the sea. A meeting was also held with the Mumbai maritime board and various other agencies.The cruise parties, if any, would have been the first to be organized after the 26/11 terror attack. Police had consistently refused to give permission to commercial cruise parties after the 2008 attack, when 10 Pakistani gunmen had entered Mumbai through the sea and killed 166 people. Last year, several cruise organizers had taken permission from the maritime board, but since permission was not sought from the police, the parties were not permitted.However, as a routine practice, police will be posted at five jetties near the Gateway of India so that vessels coming in from Mandwa and Alibaug can be screened.All the 17 patrol boats of the coastal police will patrol the sea as the police are responsible for security till five nautical miles off the city's coast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17802915", "title": "Obscenity row hits M S University again, artist says sorry", "text": "VADODARA: An obscenity row broke out at M S University's faculty of fine arts on Friday after saffron groups strongly objected to a Jammu artist's paintings which they said depicted Lord Shiva in bad light and hurt religious sentiments. However, a major escalation was averted after the artist-cum-lecturer Surpal Singh Slathia offered a public apology and decided to call off his exhibition titled \"Painted Fiction.\"The fine arts faculty had witnessed a major month-long showdown in 2007 over \"obscene\" paintings by a student Chandra Mohan.VHP leader Niraj Jain on Friday filed an application with Sayajigunj police alleging that Slathia's paintings hurt religious sentiments. Slathia, however, maintained that his works depicted life of 'bahurupiya' artists (impressionist) who often move around in disguise as Hindu deities.But Jain refused to relent. In fact, youth Congress and Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad leaders started staging protests at the faculty.Sensing trouble, police whisked away Slathia from the campus before Jain and other protestors reached the faculty. Later in the day, MSU vice-chancellor professor Yogesh Singh convened a press conference with both Slathia and Jain on either sides in presence of police officials. After Slathia apologized, Jain declared that he too will withdraw the case.\"I had no intention to hurt anybody's religious sentiments. I don't want to be part of any controversy. I am closing down the exhibition,\" the 34-year-old artist, who is presently serving as a lecturer at the Institute of Music and Fine Arts at Srinagar in Jammu and Kashmir said.Jain insisted that MSU administration should take action against all the members of the screening committee who are responsible for checking the art works before putting it up on display.Singh has assured that hence worth all art works will be screened 100 per cent by a committee comprising of faculty dean, four head of departments, two senate members and one dean nominated by vice-chancellor, two artists nominated by syndicate and two representatives form society nominated by syndicate of which one will be women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17801948", "title": "Kalakshetra revives old productions", "text": "CHENNAI: It was the mostly eagerly awaited performance on the cultural calendar of Chennai even in 1967. An ensemble cast of 34 dancers was enacting Kalidasa's 'Abhinjnana Shakuntalam' in a production combining music , dance and speech at Kalaskhetra under the direction of Rukmini Devi Arundale. The epic, with music by legends like Papanasam Sivan, took nine months to come together and every connoisseur in the city was watching hawk-eyed for flaws. As it turned out, it came together flawlessly and became a thunderous success.This Sunday, the play is being staged once again after almost two decades at the very venue that the epic debuted, Rukmini Arangam. The challenge for the new team is equally huge, says veteran artist A Janardhanan who played Dushyant in the original and is now directing the revival. \"I didn't want to just re-present the play but to recreate it exactly as Rukmini Devi had envisioned it - the stage, props, even the colour schemes,\" he says.The biggest challenge is that the project requires dancers to deliver long, complex lines in Sanskrit, along with the requisite bhaavam (expression). The current team also does not have much experience in spoken theatre and has to follow in the footsteps of veterans such as Shanta Dhananjayan and Leela Samson who have played Shakuntala.In 1967, the institution had help from scholars like Adinarayana Sarma and Venkatachalapathi Sastri. The other issue was the heavily romantic nature of the play given Rukmini Devi's dislike for what Janardhanan describes in Malayalam as pacha shringaram (overt romanticism). The dancer himself was a young, callow youth when he played Dushyant to an older -- and pregnant - Shanta Dhananjayan's Shakuntala, leading to much awkwardness.\"But Rukmini Devi managed to convey the innocence and budding passion with great subtlety and bring out the philosophy behind the story,\" recalls Janardhanan, maintaining that he has recreated every detail of the original with precision.He recalls a debate that broke out when Sanskrit and Malayalam scholar Dr SK Nair objected to Rukmini Devi's use of the iconic scene made famous by Ravi Varma -- Shakuntala stealing a backward glance at Dushyant, with her foot, seemingly hurt by a blade of grass, lifted elegantly. Rukmini Devi opted to have the lovers face-to-face instead. \"She stuck to her point of view and defended her freedom as a choreographer to interpret the scene differently,\" says Janardhanan.Rehearsals for the current production have been on since this July and promises to be a high profile event with tickets sold out way ahead of the event. This is the second big revival staged at Kalakshetra this season. Last Sunday, the institution had presented Rukmini Devi's other big production 'Gita Govindam'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "17801245", "title": "Jharkand man held for outraging girl's modesty", "text": "CALANGUTE: A native of Jharkhand was arrested by Calangute police on Wednesday for sexually harassing a girl from Calangute. Cops said that the father of the girl had lodged a complaint that Narayan Rawani, a native of Jharkhand presently staying in Calangute, trespassed into his property at Ximer, Calangute, and peeped into his daughter's bedroom repeatedly between December 18 and Christmas day , mostly at night. He also allegedly threw obscene letters into his daughter's bedroom.Following the complaint, police swung into action and arrested Rawani after registering an offence under Section 447 and 509 of the Indian penal code. Further investigations are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17803540", "title": "'Better surveillance can make Pune safer'", "text": "We used to boast that Pune is safe for women. However, the situation has changed in the last few years with rape incidents and attacks on women. Today it is fact that women don't feel secure in the city.Efforts are being made the world over to make cities safer for women. I am part of Metropolis Women International Network which is working towards this direction. Several NGOs, including Metropolis Women International Network, Smile and Alert have already drafted a document titled 'Mahilanchya Nagari Hakkachi Sanad' (a charter rights for women) and have submitted the document to the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC), which is taking steps towards implementing it.There are various civic issues - such as economic development , social security, civic amenities and healthcare - affecting women in the city. The charter intends to deal with these very issues. Women should feel secure while travelling, working and during their other daily activities. Efforts need to be made to achieve this in Pune.The PMC in July approved the proposal that elevators in all new constructions coming up in the city should have glass doors and the existing ones should be equipped with CCTV cameras. Huge constructions are coming up in the city and we need to take care of security measures for women. We have also suggested the PMC to have cafeterias or shops in subways to make them safer. Another measure to ensure security would be to install CCTV cameras at public places. I suggest that CCTV cameras should be under direct control of police, so they could reach the spot if they notice any incident of attack on women.The concept of alarm bells at public places and public telephone booths which will help women alert locals and passers-by if they are in trouble should be considered. Safety at workplace and housing societies could be ensured with surveillance systems.(As told to Radheshyam Jadhav)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17803264", "title": "Sonia seeks speedy punishment for rape accused", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress chief Sonia Gandhi on Friday sought speedy punishment for the perpetrators of the brutal Munirka gang rape that has left the young victim fighting an uphill battle for life.The Congress chief skipped the customary New Year wishes on the 127th foundation day of the party in view of the barbaric crime that has brought the country's youth on to the streets seeking security for women.On the sidelines of the foundation day, Sonia told reporters, \"Our only wish today is that she recovers and comes back to us and that no time is lost in bringing the perpetrators of such a barbarous act to justice.\"Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said his \"government is committed to bringing the guilty to justice as soon as possible\".The Congress chief's mention of \"only wish\" referred to the decision to skip New Year greetings. When asked, she said, \"Not so today because our thoughts are with the young woman who is fighting for her life after the barbarous attack.\"This is the first comment from the Congress chief on the macabre crime. Sonia had met a group of protestors in the thick of demonstrations at India Gate last week and nudged the government to announce steps for better security of women in the capital and elsewhere in the country.The government has since created two panels to formulate steps for safety of women and tightening of laws.Sonia had earlier written to home minister Sushilkumar Shinde and Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit on the issue.PM Singh said, \"The Congress president has mentioned that we share the anguish and the anger of the country over this heinous crime. Our prayers are with the brave young girl and best possible medical care is being provided to her.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "17801441", "title": "'Beijing 14th safest city in China, Lhasa tops the list'", "text": "BEIJING: China's capital city Beijing is less safe when compared to most of China's other major cities, a recent survey conducted by the government-owned China Academy of Social Sciences (CASS) has revealed. The Tibetan capital of Lhasa has been ranked as the safest followed by Shanghai.Despite the vast network of security cameras and constant police watch on roads and lanes, the national capital got the low rank of 14 in terms of public safety. Major cities were ranked safer than Beijing include Shanghai , Xiamen, Ningbo, Hangzhou, Nanjing, Changchun, Chongqing, Tianjin and Dalian.Nearly 40% of the survey's 25,000 respondents from 38 Chinese cities said they are afraid to go out at night, CASS said. They also worry about the security of their property when leaving home for long periods.Guiyang, capital of Guizhou province, got the lowest marks for safety by its residents.People in coastal cities in east China and municipalities feel much safer than those in other regions of the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17805743", "title": "Virar-Dahanu local trains from March 2013.", "text": "MUMBAI: The much delayed Virar-Dahanu suburban train is expected to start from March 2013, said Palghar Member of Parliament Baliram Jadhav. Jadhav along with railway users' representatives on Thursday met Western Railway General Manager Mahesh Kumar to discuss various rail related issues of commuters between Naigaon and Dahanu Road railway stations.Jadhav said that Kumar assured the delegation that the local trains between Virar and Dahanu would commence from March next year. Commuters of this belt have been for long demanding the extension of suburban services till Dahanu. The suburban trains now run between Churchgate and Virar on the western line. Commuters travelling beyond Virar have to depend on shuttle services between Virar and Dahanu that are insufficient.Commuters depend on long distance trains to cover this distance. Jadhav put forward the grievances of commuters including the need for more local trains and additional facilities at railway platforms. Jadhav said that the railway administration has assured that a new Rajdhani train will start in March next year.He said that he has demanded a halt for the Rajdhani train in Virar, which the railway administration has promised to look into. The extension of Virar-Dahanu suburban services was part of the 2012-13-railway budget.A Public Interest Litigation (PIL) was filed in the Bombay High Court to start suburban services between Virar and Dahanu. The PIL stated that the plan to extend local trains till Dahanu was taken in 2002, with a deadline to complete the project by 2007. The WR administration in its reply to the court had stated that the process of procuring rakes were on and services would be extended to Dahanu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "17801249", "title": "3 nabbed for sexually abusing 14-year-old boy", "text": "KALYAN: The Bazarpeth police in Kalyan on Friday arrested three men for torturing and sodomizing a mentally challenged 14-year-old boy. The fourth accused is absconding.The police said the four accused-men in their twenties-had lured the victim to a building terrace in the Machimarket area, Kalyan (W) on Wednesday evening.They shaved his eyebrows and head before burnt his private parts with a cigarette butt. The men, who knew the minor, then forced him to have unnatural sex. They even paraded him on the road.The accused also beat up and threatened the minor's father in order to dissuade him from approaching the police. However, seeing his son's agony, the father decided to lodge a police complaint on Friday. The arrested have been identified as Taufis Raees (26), Aasifee Ganiyal (26) and Shambu Mandekar (30). The fourth accused, Taufik, is on the run.In the complaint, the victim's father has alleged that the accused beat him up when he confronted them over the crime. \"After getting a complaint, we sent a team to look for the accused,\" said R R Patil, senior inspector of Bazarpeth police station.\"They were rounded up within an hour. We will catch the fourth accused soon,\" he added. They have been booked under Section 377 and other 324, 328, 341 ,323,504,506,355 and 34 of the IPC. Indian Penal Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "chatra", "code": "17803356", "title": "Flower power kills opium cultivation in Red hotbed", "text": "CHATRA: Over the last two years, the eerie silence that hung over the streets of Chatra has been replaced by the din of village folk working their farms. Once a Maoist stronghold where even police dreaded to tread, the district is now spreading the fragrance of marigold across Jharkhand.The presence of security forces in every nook and corner of the district since early 2010 has assured villagers of their safety and the families that once played into the hands of rebels and grew poppy are now engaged in marigold and vegetable cultivation.Jurma Devi, who has been in the flower and vegetable business for the last two years, said cultivation of marigold and pea has brought tremendous change in their lives. \"We use to be scared of both the rebels and the police. Whether it was a Red raid or a police counter-operation, the farmer was the one who always came out on the losing side. Things, however, have changed and peace has returned to the area. We hope everyone here will become prosperous in the years to come as the profits from flower and vegetable farming are exceptionally good,\" said Jurma, who is supported by her three sons and daughters-in-law in her new venture.With an investment of around Rs 10,000 on a one katha (1500 square feet) plot, a marigold cultivator could yield anything between Rs 20,000-25,000 within three months, Jurma said. \"If a person is really serious about farming and has plot of just five katha, he can make enough money every year to lead a luxurious life by village standards,\" she said. And with more than 100 families of Gidhore and Pathalgarha villages, around 150km from Ranchi, now engaged in marigold and vegetable cultivation, her words seem to have the ring of truth in them.Rajesh Kumar, who is mainly into vegetables, said business is profitable and people are making a small fortune every year. \"Until a couple of years ago, Gidhor and Pathalgarha were known for their opium and police raids on our houses and farms were an everyday affair. Things have changed and every family now lives in peace and also makes good money,\" he said.The villagers, however, lament that the returns would have been far better had he government helped them get a fair price for their produce. \"Our profit will increase manifold if we get any sort of support from the government and do away middlemen. The tomato that we sell to the middleman for Rs 2-3 per kg is sold in market for Rs 15-20. If the state helps us by providing better marketing opportunities, the situation here will improve further,\" said Ramsewak Dangi.The police too has recognized the good work done by Chatra villagers. SP Anup Birthare lauded the village folk for opposing the rebels and taking a stand against their diktat. He said it was evident that the district, which was in the grip of Maoist terror since the mid-1980s when it was a part of undivided Bihar, is moving towards normalcy.Birthare gives the credit for this change to both the police and the villagers. \"It is true we destroyed poppy plants on several acres of land and seized opium from dozens of houses in the district over the last two years. During this period, the police lodged 30 FIRs under various sections of Narcotics Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (NDPS) Act,\" he said.But, he insisted, the villagers also played a vital role. \"The change would not have been possible without the will and support of the locals. Today, we can proudly say that most farmers have shunned poppy cultivation and are making good money by selling flower and vegetable to traders from Ranchi and Hazaribag,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17806015", "title": "'Jai Ho' in Tamil by A R Rahman", "text": "The Oscar and Grammy Award-winner is all set to perform live at the Thaai Manne Vanakkam (TMV) concert at the YMCA Grounds in Chennai today (December 30, 2012). One of the highlights of TMV would be that ARR will be performing only Tamil songs after a gap of nearly 12 years.To spice up the concert more the 'Isai Puyal' has revealed that his ' Jai Ho ' song from the award winning ' Slumdog Millionaire ' would be sung in Tamil by Rayhana, Ishrath and his group.Organized by Jaya TV at the YMCA Grounds at Nandanam in Chennai, the concert, titled Thaai Manne Vanakkam (Salute to the Motherland), will have all Tamil songs of the musical genius, right from his first movie Roja to the latest one, Kadal .Rahman will be perform to a packed house of 30,000 people and several musicians from foreign countries will joins hands with Rahman to perform at the TMV concert.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17802531", "title": "Police to act tough on drug peddlers", "text": "HYDERABAD: Cyberabad police on Friday said that they had specific information from the Crime Investigation Department (CID) and other intelligence agencies that drug peddling network was going to get active in view of the upcoming New Year celebrations.Addressing the annual press conference, Cyberabad police commissioner Ch Dwaraka Tirumala Rao said that teams had been constituted to specifically act on available inputs to nab the peddlers.\"Special focus is given to limit the use of drugs. As of now, there is no exact data on how many foreigners are there in Cyberabad. According to the information given by Hyderabad police, most of the foreigners arrested in drug peddling cases reside in Yapral and surrounding areas. So, we are keeping a watch on them,'' Tirumala Rao said.Replying to a question on the slow progress in court cases involving MLA Shankar Rao and those involved in the making of controversial movie Denikaina Ready, Tirumala Rao said that investigation in the Shankar Rao case was under progress and he would be questioned soon. Regarding the movie, the commissioner said that the matter was being probed from all angles.\"In Ram Jethmalani's case, we have sought legal opinion. We just cannot go on registering cases on statements made by people everywhere. If we do so, a situation might arise where in cases might have to be registered against US president Barack Obama if someone claims that his sentiments are anti-India,\" Tirumala Rao said.According to the commissioner, in 2012, murder, kidnapping, cheating and missing cases went up significantly. However, crime against women came down in Cyberabad.\"In a few days, we are expecting consent from the state government to set up nine new additional police stations, four women police stations and three traffic police stations in Cyberabad. We will also be launching software called Petition Tracking Monitoring System that will help us keep track of the status of the complaint,\" the commissioner added.Tirumala Rao also said that the city police despite staff shortage was often entrusted with providing security to VIPs and international events. \"As of now, the Cyberabad police strength is 5,000 but there is a need for 5,000 more cops,\" he said. He expressed satisfaction over the successful holding of COP-11 as well as the sudden exodus of people from the north east to Hyderabad.In 2012, 58 cases of cyber crime were reported as against 31 cases in 2011. In the coming years, cyber crime cases will only rise. In fact, we want more people to come forward and lodge complaints, officials said.2012 2011Offence Reported Detected Reported DetectedMurder for Gain 20 14 36 29Dacoity 13 10 9 9Robbery 81 51 95 70House Breaking 987 607 1,202 759Snatching 779 426 667 420Motor Vehicle Theft 1,602 1,151 1,774 1,222Theft 1,675 1,252 1,505 1,145", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17802069", "title": "Rahman Khan faces Lokayukta case for funds misuse", "text": "BANGALORE: Karnataka State Minorities Commission chairman Anwar Manippady has filed a complaint before the Lokayukta alleging that Union minority affairs minister K Rahman Khan had allegedly misappropriated funds in the Amanath Cooperative Bank when he (Khan) was its president.Manippady filed the complaint before Upa Lokayukta SB Majage on Friday. He has also named land developer Ziaulla Sharieff, chairman of Al-Ameen Trust Mumtaz Ahmed Khan, besides some directors and officers of the bank, officials of the cooperation department and local officials of RBI.Manippady said the commission received a complaint on November 6 from advocate S Ahmed Ibadullah about alleged misuse of funds amounting to Rs 300 crore by former presidents of the bank about 10 years ago.He said as per the 2008 bank balance sheet, over Rs 3,500 crore had been misappropriated by benami sanctions/sanctions to firms owned by relatives of ex-presidents and ex-board of directors/overdrafts allowed against norms/non-recovery of loans.\"We examined the issue and found that no action had been taken against the culprits though misappropriation of funds has been established,\" he said. Manippady alleged that Khan had misappropriated over Rs 300 crore when he was president of the board of directors.In a statement from New Delhi, Khan said: \"Manipaddy is in the habit of raking up this issue time and again to tarnish my image. He raises every time I am given higher responsibility in my political career. As far as the bank's irregularities are concerned, a series of investigations have been conducted. The CoD has filed a chargesheet against officials responsible and the cases are pending before the appropriate court.\"A statement from the bank said the amount of Rs 3,500 crore being embezzled is \"a figment of the imagination and highly exaggerated''. Manippady hasn't bothered to verify the figures from the bank before going public. \"It's unfortunate that Manippady has used the bank's name to politically attack his opponent,\" it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17803741", "title": "'Unscientific conservation killing monuments in state'", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Why are all the wooden artefacts in monuments in the state blackish in colour? Why have the artworks that lasted for centuries started decaying after preservation carried out in the recent past?Even as the government claims to have spent huge funds to preserve the 160-odd monuments in the state, National Museum Institute professor Dr M Velayudhan Nair said unscientific conservation and conservation attempts by inexpert people are killing the monuments that stood for many centuries. He is the co-ordinator of the expert panel appointed by the Supreme Court to value the Padmanabhaswamy temple treasure.\"Most of the conservation activities carried out in the state are unscientific and by inexpert people. Some 40 years ago, the wood in all monuments including the famous Padmanabhapuram Palace were coated with Cuprinol, which turns the wood black through chemical changes,\" he said.Also, the paintings were unscientifically coated with varnishes frequently, owing to which almost all of them are losing their natural charm. The air circulation in the walls made of bricks and stones in monuments are now coated with enamel paints, which will pave way for the destruction of old construction, he said.Dr Nair was delivering the keynote address at a three-day interactive seminar for monument custodians, which began on Friday here. Nearly 100 people, mostly archives and archaeology experts from across the state, are participating in the programme.\"What we need is a structural conservation, chemical preservation and refurbishment of the monuments. The preservation should be done in such a way that a visitor should get a feel of the history related to monument. For example, the Tower of London is preserved as when it was constructed in the 11th century. Even the guards deployed there wear the old uniforms, literally representing the bygone era. Once the public feels the history, they would support authorities move to preserve monuments,\" Sajan Peter IAS, principal secretary, cultural affairs department, said in his inaugural speech.The custodians as well as archaeological department officials stressed the need to form a panel of experts to guide preservation activities and introduction of courses and institutes on heritage maintenance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17802138", "title": "Under-construction tank collapses, 2 killed", "text": "BANGALORE: Two daily wage workers were killed and seven sustained injuries when an under-construction water tank came crashing in the Centre for Military Police campus, Anepalya, on Friday afternoon.The tank crashed after the centring material erected caved in, police said.The deceased were identified as Prem Kumar, 18, and Thippaiah, 31, both natives of Anantapur in Andhra Pradesh.Obalesh, Thippaiah's elder brother, fractured his right leg. He and junior site engineer Raju are recuperating in St Philomena's hospital.The injured labourers ---Veeranjaneya, Ravi, Mehaboob, Rajesh and Rafiq ---were shifted to the Military Command Hospital.According to Obalesh, they were laying a second layer of concrete when the entire centring-frame collapsed around 1 pm.\"In all, eight workers were here. I was standing to the extreme left of Thippaiah and Prem. Suddenly, the structure caved in, pulling us all along with it,\" Obalesh said from his hospital bed.Obalesh said they were working at a height of at least 60 feet. \"We came here from Anantapur in September. We are living in a rented house in Ejipura,\" he added.City police commissioner BG Jyothi Prakash Mirji said they have taken supervisor Gopalan into custody. \"The contract is given to Lal Construction Company. The construction was in its last stages. We are investigating the tragedy,\" he said.An army spokesperson told TOI that an inquiry had been ordered.\"Soon after the tragedy, we rushed out personnel from Centre for Military Police for rescue operation, bringing down the casualties. Our personnel removed the labourers trapped under the debris and rushed them to a nearby hospital. Two persons were killed and three of the injured were admitted to St Philomena's hospital. The inquiry will be parallel to the police investigation under way,\" said the spokesperson.Regional fire officer Ramaswamy said five rescue vans were sent to the spot. All the eight labourers were trapped under the debris of the scaffolding including wooden poles, mud and concrete material. Prem and Thippaiah were dead by the time they could be pulled out, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17803669", "title": "Ludhiana goes international to ring in New Year", "text": "LUDHIANA: City residents plan to live it up this New Year's Eve. Restaurants and hotels plan to make the party swing with DJs and anchors from Ukraine and USA. Singers of the likes of Bohemia and international belly dancers will add to the zing. A host of private parties have also been planned in farm houses and bars.Nishant Jairath, owner of a restro bar at Pakhowal Road said they have invited DJ Zoloto from Ukraine and American anchor MC Chris. Ankur Gupta, who owns an entertainment lounge, said they would invite rapper Bohemia, Jasmine Sandlas and DJ Hitesh. This would be accompanied by performances by belly dancers.According to Naveen Uniyal, general manager of a micro brewery on Ferozepur Road, their party would include performances by three famous DJs, including Elton, Vishu and Aman. Ballet group, \"Essa\" will perform at a restro bar on Mall Road, which will also feature performances by DJ Stuti Nagpal. A five star hotel at Bhai Bala Chowk, Ferozepur Road will have performances by Nidhi Kohli and music by the Swastik Band.With the fare being put together, city residents are spoilt for choice. \"There are so many parties in restauarants, bars and hotels. Messages and invitations are being posted on social networking sites and mobile applications. I am weighing all options to see where I can celebrate safely with my family,\" said Sumit Sabharwal from Unrban Estate, Dugri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "17802327", "title": "One-day assembly session likely in Jan", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: A one day session of the state assembly for swearing in of newly elected MLAs is likely to be held in January.According to sources in the state assembly, newly elected council of ministers and the chief minister is likely to recommend the governor to call a one-day session of the state assembly in January first week for the formality of oath of the newly elected members of the legislative assembly.The regular budget session of assembly is schedule in mid February.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "imphal/kohima", "code": "17802575", "title": "Four-year-old raped in Manipur", "text": "IMPHAL/KOHIMA: There was no Santa bringing gifts for a four-year-old Nepali girl in the state on Christmas. Instead, it turned out to be the most horrific day of her life - the little one was raped by a driver at the remote Tamphum village in Senapati district on Christmas Day.Meanwhile, a 44-year-old man allegedly raped a newly-married woman at Wangjing area in Thoubal district on Thursday night. The irate locals on Friday morning damaged the house of the accused, sources said, adding he was arrested later.In the first case, the accused, Soren Raju aka Montu (24), a tribal from Jharkhand, raped the minor girl on December 25 in Tamphum along Mao-Paren road bordering Nagaland, a police official said. A police official informed that Raju, a driver of a heavy earth mover engaged by a local contractor, was part of a group of boys and girls, which included the victim, celebrating Christmas on the fateful night. Taking advantage of the fact that most houses in the neighbourhood were deserted as people were busy in Christmas celebrations, Raju took into an empty house around 8pm where he raped her, the official said. He was caught by the people before he was handed over to police.Mao police station has registered an FIR against Raju under section 376 IPC (rape), the police official said, adding that chief judicial magistrate (Senapati) has remanded the accused to police custody till Monday. The girl, who is badly injured, is undergoing treatment at a hospital in Kohima. She is said to be out of danger.The incident came amid the growing protest against the molestation of a Manipuri film actress by a NSCN(IM) cadre in Chandel district, and a Naga student's molestation by three miscreants in Imphal East district.Condemning the sordid act, hordes of Nagaland-based Gorkha civil bodies have demanded from the government that the accused be given the harshest of punishments. The North Eastern Region Service Nepali Association (NERSNA), the Gorkha Public Panchayat (GPP), Kohima and the Gorkha Youth Association (GYA), Kohima have also called on people of the state to condemn the beastly act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "mhow", "code": "17803137", "title": "Ten accused still absconding in Barwaha minor tribal girl rape case", "text": "MHOW: Ten accused in the rape case of a minor tribal girl of Sisliyapura village under Barwaha are still absconding.DSP Praveen Bhuriya, in charge of Khargone district SC/ST police station told TOI that two teams formed by him had raided more than a dozen places in the district and adjoining districts. However, ten out of the fifteen accused of the rape case are still at large.Till now, five persons including the main accused in the case Kashiram, a resident of Kharadi village of Kasrawad tehsil, have been arrested in the case.The incident that shook the region had occurred between December 12 and 24 when the minor girl was confined and repeatedly raped by the accused in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17805768", "title": "CST heritage building opened for public viewing.", "text": "MUMBAI: City's only World Heritage Monument - Chhatrapati Shivaju Terminus building - was opened officially to visitors on Friday.Subodh Jain, General Manager, Central Railway inaugurated the newly constructed visitors' lounge at CST, formerly known as Victoria Terminus T(VT). The heritage building was opened for public viewing after the inauguration.CR spokesperson said, \"An entry fee of Rs 100 for students with valid identity card of the college/school/University. For other visitors the fee has been at Rs 200. Visitors can click photographs also during the visit for which there will not be an additional problem.\"CR said that visitors will be allowed access to Heritage Gallery (near cash office), Star Chamber, Grand Staircase Lounge on II Floor of the building and Forecourt. The spokesperson said that the timings for the visit are 3 pm to 5 pm on working days. This facility will not be opened Saturdays, Sundays and Holidays.CR has also made an arrangement to sell souvenirs in the form of key-chain, mugs and T-shirts embossed with photgraphs of iconic CST, etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17803821", "title": "Akbaruddin in trouble for hate speech", "text": "HYDERABAD: Akbaruddin Owaisi, the firebrand leader of the Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen (MIM), was on Friday taken to court over his disparaging remarks against Hindus in a hate speech, the main content of which was that Muslims would need just 15 minutes without the police to show 100 crore Hindus who is more powerful.In a complaint filed against the MIM legislator, an advocate said he had stumbled upon YouTube uploaded hate speech made at a public meeting at Adilabad on December 24, about 300 km from the city.The VII additional chief metropolitan magistrate after admitting the petition said the matter will be heard on December 31.Akbaruddin, who is the younger brother of MIM MP Asaduddin Owaisi, said Hindus have so many gods and goddesses, and every eight days, there are new gods coming up. \"We knew about Lakshmi, but who is Bhagyalakshmi, we are not aware,\" Akbar said referring to the Bhagyalakshmi temple abutting the historic Charminar.The MIM had been complaining against a semi-permanent structure over the Bhagyalakshmi temple and finally parted ways with the Congress party after weeks of violence.Akbaruddin's hate speech saw a huge buzz created on the social media all day and it was also trending on Twitter.\"Inflammatory speech by MLA Akbaruddin - Remove police for 15 mins, We will finish off 100 crore Hindus,\" tweeted television commentator and interviewer Karan Thapar , which was re-tweeted by journalist and columnist Swapan Dasgupta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17805238", "title": "We need our own Google, Facebook: Infosys Executive Co-Chairman Kris Gopalakrishnan", "text": "KOCHI: Start-ups in India need to become household names and they should create internet successes on the lines of 'Facebook and Google', Infosys Executive Co-Chairman Kris Gopalakrishnan said.\"We need our own Facebook and Google,\" he said at a function at the Startup Village here, the country's first telecom incubator, at KINFRA Park at nearby Kalamassery.Urging the starts-up to scale up and become household names, he said the speedy growth of Startup Village would greatly enhance Kerala's investment and industrial environment.The impressive performance of Startup Village within a short span of time has helped change the very perception of the state as these new ventures had turned out to be entrepreneurs and job-creators at the same time, he said.Congenial atmosphere and sufficient infrastructure were integral to the growth of the start-up firms, he said.Startup Village was able to put them in place to incubate the new companies. It began its operations with 5,000 sq ft space which has now gone upto 10,000 square feet. This was likely to touch about 1 lakh sq ft within a year, he said.Products from Startup Village had already started gaining popularity outside the country, thus enhancing its image globally, he said and hoped that such products would soon be household names all over the world.Gopalakrishnan, who is also the chief mentor of the Startup Village, gave away merit certificates to the 20 outstanding start-up ventures on the occasion. There are about 148 start ups being supported at the village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17803429", "title": "Woman 'stabbed to death'", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Dispute over rent between a tenant and his landlord turned bloody in Sambalpur on Friday with the former's wife being allegedly stabbed to death by family members of the latter. Police have detained one of the relatives of the landlord and launched a manhunt to arrest another member of the family.The deceased Arati Das was washing utensils outside the house when the assailants attacked her with knives. Seeing her groaning in a pool of blood, neighbours rushed her to Sambalpur district headquarters hospital where doctors declared her received-dead. She bore grievous injuries on her body.Her husband Narsingha Das, who sells coconut in the town, lodged a complaint accusing the landlord of eliminating his wife. \"The landlord had taken Rs 1.28 lakh loan from me in phases. I had been requesting him to return the money,\" Narsingha said. \"Instead of repaying our money, the family had been threatening us of dire consequences if we ever ask for the money,\" he added.Sub-divisional police officer (SDPO) P K Mohapatra said the dispute between the two families over financial matter started long back, though none of them drew the attention of police earlier. While the Das family accused the landlord of not repaying their money, the house owner claimed that the tenant was not paying rent for the past few months, police sources said. The Das family has been staying there for the last 14 years.\"The tenant refused to pay rent as he was supposed to get money from the landlord. Conflict started when the tenant asked the landlord to deduct the rent from the loan,\" Mohapatra said. \"We are verifying the charges. But prima facie, we suspect the involvement of the landlord in the murder,\" added Mohapatra.Asked whether anybody saw the crime being committed, police said they are trying to find out eyewitnesses, if any. \"The incident occurred early in the morning. So far, neighbours have kept mum. Perhaps they are frightened,\" Mohapatra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17802794", "title": "Layout regularisation scheme to end on December 31", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The layout regularisation scheme (LRS) conducted by the government for regularisation of unauthorised layouts and plots will come to an end on December 31.Applications for newly joined areas in Vuda jurisdiction of Visakhapatnam, Vizianagaram, Srikakulam and East Godavari will also be received until the end of this month.Vuda has urged owners of layouts approved by gram panchayats and plots purchased in unapproved layouts to submit their application for regularisation under LRS before the end of the year. Vuda has received 19,264 applications under LRS, 7084 of which were issued regularisation orders and 4,040 were rejected.While 8,140 applications are pending with Vuda, they will be regularised following field inspections and balance of payments along with submission of requisite documents. The initiative by Vuda vice-chairman Kona Sasidhar has resulted in regularisation of 7,000 applications within eight months.Vuda vice-chairman Kona Sasidhar cautioned public against purchasing plots having no approvals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "17802622", "title": "Three more vehicles torched in Senapati", "text": "IMPHAL: A day after two loaded trucks were burnt down by suspected bandh supporters in Senapati, three more vehicles were also torched in the wee hours of Friday, the second day of the United Naga Council (UNC)-sponsored 72-hour bandh in Naga inhabited areas of the state.Life in the Naga dominated hill districts of Ukhrul, Senapati, Tamenglong and Chandel has been paralyzed since the bandh called against 'communal attacks' on the Nagas in the valley areas came into force on Wednesday midnight.The UNC is campaigning for an alternative administrative arrangement in 'Naga areas' of Manipur outside the state government pending the Naga political settlement for which the Naga apex body has already joined four rounds of tripartite talks involving it, the Centre and the state government.Even as the police have been kept on red alert in view of the ongoing UNC general strike, suspected bandh supporters burnt down at least three vehicles including a truck, a jeep and an autorickshaw at Chawangkining area along IT road in Senapati in the wee hours of Friday.The ill-fated auto rickshaw was carrying vegetables while the truck was loaded with urea and sugar bags, sources said.On Thursday morning, two rice-laden trucks going to Imphal from Dimapur along National Highway 2 were torched at Senapati district headquarters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17801675", "title": "Trucks to stay off Mathura Road till 9pm", "text": "NEW DELHI: Traffic jams lasting hours on NH-2 (Mathura Road) due to the closure of a carriageway of the Kalindi Kunj bridge has finally caught the attention of the lieutenant governor.Following complaints that plying of trucks on this stretch has added to traffic jams, Tejendra Khanna has directed traffic police that movement of trucks on Mathura Road be allowed only after 9pm till the Delhi-Noida carriageway of the bridge is functional again.TOI reported on Friday that commuters were stuck on Mathura Road for three to five hours due to traffic chaos brought on by the bridge closure. The problem was only compounded by half of the road being taken up by trucks that are allowed within city limits at all hours.A copy of the letter issued by the LG's office to the traffic police is with TOI. \"It has come to the notice of the LG that due to closure of the Kalindi Kunj bridge, traffic has increased manifold on Mathura Road. On an average, traffic is moving 5km to 6km per hour. The congestion on Mathura Road is aggravated by plying of trucks post office hours, from 11am to 5pm,\" said Ranjan Mukherjee, the officer on special duty to the LG.The letter said the truck movement be restricted till the Kalindi Kunj carriageway was closed. \"Suggestions have been received from regular commuters that till the reopening of the bridge, plying of trucks on Mathura Road should not be allowed. Alternate routes may be considered and trucks could only be allowed after 9pm,\" said Mukherjee.On PWD's request, Delhi traffic police has allowed the closure of the 28-year-old bridge for two months. Officials said construction on the Delhi-Noida stretch will be over by January 22. After that, the other carriageway will be closed from January 23 to February 24.The current closure has left key arterial roads connecting south Delhi with the east, the south with the north, and Delhi with Noida choked for the past several days. Mathura Road that connects Badarpur to central Delhi is one of the worst-affected roads. Trucks and heavy vehicles use Mathura Road as it is the main link between Delhi and Kolkata. It's also widely used by people going towards NH-24 and NH-8.With half of the Kalindi Kunj bridge closed, most of the traffic is diverted to the Noida DND, which is witnessing massive lines at the toll plaza. The average waiting time has gone up from about five minutes to at least half an hour.Construction of an underpass to ease Noida-Okhla traffic had already created a bottleneck for Sarita Vihar residents, and work on the Kalindi Kunj bridge has only added to their woes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17803207", "title": "Government panel to set poverty mark for rural schemes", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre has set up an expert committee to determine the poverty mark to identify beneficiaries of rural development ministry's programmes.The committee, to be headed by Planning Commission member Abhijit Sen, will examine the figures of the socio-economic caste survey to decide who is below the poverty line in terms of deserving the rural welfare schemes focused on poor like Indira Awas Yojana, old-age pension and national rural livelihood mission.The constitution of the panel indicates that the long-delayed survey may be complete by February, sources said. The committee, which is to give its report by March-end, includes Kirit Parikh (chairman, IRADe), Mahendra Dev (director, IGIDR), Nikhil Dey (civil society), Dr Himanshu (JNU) and P P Mitra (chief economic advisor, RD ministry).Planning commission deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia and RD minister Jairam Ramesh had announced to not use the Tendulkar committee's estimates for rural programmes after an affidavit in Supreme Court kicked up a row.The claim that a monthly expenditure above Rs 781 in rural areas and Rs 965 in urban areas was considered poor triggered an outrage. Activists asked if it was realistic to say that anyone spending more than Rs 26 in rural areas and Rs 32 in urban areas were not poor.The plan panel drew flak for the claim even as the issue snowballed into a political confrontation with opposition calling it \"UPA's joke on the poor\".To douse the anger, Ahluwalia said a multi-dimensional approach was required to measure poverty while adding that entitlements were no longer linked to poverty line. It was said that different set of parameters would be evolved for government benefits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17803399", "title": "Cricket mania overshadows hockey league", "text": "RANCHI: As Ranchiites pad up for the first ODI in the city on January 19, a sad tale of two games gradually unfolds albeit on a smaller canvas.The difference in attitude becomes apparent and the divide vast when the city's sports enthusiasts, especially the youth, choose cricket over hockey without the slightest apprehension. Some even show blatant ignorance when they are asked about the Hockey India League matches to be held in the city despite the fact that the host team is playing.A day before Dhoni's boys take on England, Ranchi Rhinos will fight Mumbai Magicians at Astro Turf Stadium without much fanfare. As many as six matches of the hockey league will be held in Ranchi.\"The first match in Ranchi will be on January 18, followed by five other matches on January 23, 24 and 28 and February 1 and 2. The match is being organized for the first time in India by Hockey India on the lines of the Indian Premier League in cricket and will definitely help boost the morale of hockey players,\" said Suresh Kumar Singh, an official of Hockey India.But most of the people do not know about this, and those who do, are least interested to cheer the state team on January 18. \"Why would I bother to go to a hockey match when there is a cricket match the next day. Hockey matches are very common here but this is the first time our city is hosting an international cricket match. I would rather prefer cricket,\" said Ankit Bajoria, a young businessman.According to Anand Mahato, a student of St. Xavier's College, hockey does not give you bang for the buck. \"I have no clue about the Hockey India League matches. However, I would prefer to watch cricket match as we see and play hockey almost everyday. Then why should we spend money on buying tickets for a hockey match,\" he said.\"I have already asked my uncle to book tickets for the cricket match as we both are cricket fans and this will be the first time we will get a chance to see international cricket match live at the stadium,\" Rahul Prakash, a student of St. Xavier's College, said.But not everything is bleak for the Ranchi Rhinos and the players can still hope to see some supporters among rows of vacant benches. Sachindra Mishra, another student, feels hockey is a better game than cricket which has glamour and hype.\"Hockey is our national game and I will definitely attend the hockey match. People prefer cricket because it is more glamorous,\" Mishra said. \"The highest paid hockey player in the league has been given Rs 42 lakh, which is not even the base price for IPL. Hockey is a better game and needs more promotion.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17802143", "title": "Party time, but far from the madding crowd", "text": "BANGALORE: Quiet, peace and tranquillity. That's what revellers are looking for this New Year.From the fun-filled, high-adrenaline New Year's Eve parties on the Goa beach, the shift is towards the quieter destinations of Puducherry, Kodagu, Wayanad, Himachal Pradesh and Rajasthan in the domestic circuit this year.\"We have definitely seen a surge in number of tourists to quieter destinations this year. The bookings to Goa for the year-end parties has seen a drastic dip this time around,\" said Kawaljit Singh Narula, general manager of Le Passage to India.The change can also be seen on the international circuit. Though people are still flocking to Sri Lanka, Dubai and Malaysia, they are asking for lesser explored cities/venues here too, travel managers confirmed.\"Those travelling to Malaysia are opting to go to Penang and Langkawi, while those visiting Thailand are preferring to try out the beach destinations of Krabi, Koh Samui and Chang Mai. Ho Chi Minh City in Vietnam is also another popular destination this season. The emphasis, clearly, is on less crowded places and certainly off the beaten track,\" said Karan Anand, head, relationships, Cox and Kings Limited.No wonder then that Bollywood actor Aamir Khan and wife Kiran are also in this league, scuba-diving as they are in Koh Samui islands in Thailand to ring in the new year. The duo has booked the uninhabited beach portion of the island to take a break from the city mayhem and spend quality time.\"We have a section of niche travellers who are preferring to holiday and party at places which are less crowded and definitely low on the decibel count,\" said Neelu Singh, COO, Eezigo.com.Back in the country, the popular places this year are Rann of Kutch in Gujarat, Parwanoo in Himachal Pradesh, Bundi and Manvar in Rajasthan, Valley of Flowers, Shillong , Puducherry, Araku Valley and even villages in Visakhapatnam.Mohit Gupta, chief business officer-Holidays, MakeMyTrip, said, \"Year-end is the perfect time to take a break, de-stress and rejuvenate for the new year. The response this year had a mix of the expected and some new, upcoming destinations\".In search of tranquillityParikh Sharma and seven of his friends are travelling to Puducherry to ring in the new year.\"The idea is to get away from the hustle and bustle of the city. I have heard so much about Aurobindo ashram. We decided on Puduccherry to relax and de-stress ourselves during this holiday season,\" said Parikh Sharma, a native of Delhi and currently stationed in Bangalore for his work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17802920", "title": "Police chief intervened to 'settle' row", "text": "VADODARA: When BJP leader Niraj Jain approached the police to register complaint against an artist on Friday, the situation could have blown out of proportion, just like the 2007 obscene painting row. But city police commissioner Satish Sharma along with MSU authorities ensured that the issue was resolved amicably and that the artist didn't suffer. When Jain reached Sayajigunj police station, his application was accepted.However, Sharma called in Jain and artist Surpal Singh Slathia and talked with both of them. \"I had word with Jain about his complaint. He said the paintings displayed by Slathia were hurting religious sentiments. I explained him that pursuing legal action won't be a good step for both the sides,\" Sharma told TOI.Sharma said the police are not the right judge of how much creative liberty the artist can take and that only experts can decide on it. \"If police acts on such complaints, liberals may feel that the police is curtailing their rights. When I had a word with Slathia, he said that he was ready to apologize. Jain was also told about it. He said that he won't pursue the matter further. The issue could have snowballed into controversy if legal action would have been pursued,\" Sharma said.The cops had, in complete contrast, registered an FIR against the artist Chandramohan when Jain had taken objection to his alleged obscene paintings in 2007. Jain had barged into the fine arts faculty and created ruckus over the paintings. The issue had snowballed into controversy as artists from all over the country came down in Chandramohan's support as he was arrested. MSU had even suspended professor Shivji Panniker, who had supported Chandramohan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17803591", "title": "Wanderlust takes over on New Year", "text": "LUDHIANA: Since the New Year's Eve is one of the rare occasions which have universal significance, partying overseas makes sense. As 2012 fades away, many city residents are preparing to welcome 2013 with a bash abroad with friends and family.Nitin Sharma, who runs a travel agency, said the trend of partying abroad is definitely catching on. \"Partying abroad is in vogue. Availability of overseas packages at affordable prices has encouraged many to explore new lands in the new year,\" he said. Suruchi, a travel agent agreed with Nitin. Elaborating upon common patterns of preference, she said, \"youngsters prefer Dubai and Bangkok packages while honeymooners prefer the regular Singapore-Malaysia package.\"Manav, 26, a resident of Model Town, has decided to party with his cousins in Dubai on December 31. \"My friends visited Dubai last year and gave us some rave reviews. So we plan to host a yacht party there,\" he said. His friend Raghav Mahajan said partying abroad is a welcome change for the more adventurous sorts who have already travelled to Indian destinations.For Karan Ajmani, a 22-year-old resident of BRS Nagar, there can be nothing more exotic than a full moon night party in Thailand, which is what he plans to do on New Year's Eve. \"It is a place where you can live out your desert island dreams of palm trees and white sand beaches and still have a night out at a rocking party,\" he said.Amarpreet, who got married recently, is looking forward to spending great time with his wife at a five-star restaurant in Hong Kong. Going by the New Year plans, Ludhiana residents sure know how to make it big.Pocket check DUBAI | '43000 per person for 4 nights and 5 days regular package before new year - '3500 per person for 4 nights and 5 daysHONG KONG | Before new year- '65000 per person for 7 night 8 days on new year- '82000 per person for 7 nghts and 8 daysTHAILAND | Regular package- '2200 per person for 5 nights and 6 days new year package- '30000 per person for 5 nights 6 daysSINGAPORE - MALAYSIA | Regular package- '49999 for 7 night 8 days new year surcharge is '5000 per person", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17800899", "title": "Never take loan for consumer durables, not even at 0% rate", "text": "MONEY MAKEOVERSantosh Rathod's (40) father was extremely meticulous in family budgeting and overall finances. He would track all expenses to the last paisa. \"While there was sufficient money for everything in life, every expense was accounted for,\" says Santosh. His father would remember how much money was spent on groceries in the previous month and, if there was a quantum change in the next, there would be detailed calculations for it.This habit ensured that Santosh, his five brothers and his parents never had to struggle financially for anything in life. In fact, they could create assets for the future. \"While my elder brothers are exactly like my father, I need to do more,\" feels Santosh.He lives in Pune with his wife Taruna (38) and their children Yash (12) and Drishti (5.) Taruna runs her own institution that offers several hobby classes.WHAT IS THE COUPLE SAVING FOR?Repay outstanding home loan of Rs 45 lakh in five yearsCreate a corpus of Rs 10 lakh each for both children's education after six and 14 years, respectivelySave Rs 20 lakh for Yash's marriage after 16 years and Rs 30 lakh for Drishti's marriage after 20 yearsMake a provision of Rs 5 lakh a year to support parentsCreate a corpus that can generate Rs 1 lakh per month after 10 years for retirement.The couple also aspires to own a luxury car, travel abroad, and wants to acquire commercial premises for Taruna's hobby classes.All the above costs are based on the current level of inflation and would be revised upwards over a period of time.WHERE ARE THEY TODAY?Cash flows: Gross yearly inflow from salary, Taruna's hobby classes and other investments is about Rs 26 lakh. Against this, outflow is about Rs 14.76 lakh. This includes household expenses, taxes, insurance premium, EMI on loans, recreational and entertainment expenses and regular savings. About 27% of inflow is utilized to pay EMI.Networth: Value of total assets is worth Rs 1.88 crore. This includes assets worth Rs 94.50 lakh for self-consumption. Total liability is Rs 45.39 lakh. This is about 24% of assets.Contingency fund: Monthly mandatory expenses amount to about Rs 89,000. Against this, balance in cash/near-cash assets is Rs 3.73 lakh. This is about 4.19 months' expenses.Health &amp; life insurance: Total health cover provided by employer for family is Rs 5 lakh. Total life cover is Rs 16.75 lakh. This includes cover provided by employer. All insurance policies are investment-oriented.Borrowing: Outstanding home loan is Rs 45 lakh and zero-interest consumer durable loan is Rs 39,000.Savings &amp; investments: Savings bank balance is Rs 2.93 lakh, recurring deposit Rs 60,000, cash at home Rs 20,000, equity mutual fund Rs 4.46 lakh, EPF/PPF Rs 65,000, real estate from investment perspective Rs 85 lakh.Fiscal analysis: Funds lying idle in savings account are on the higher side. Health insurance and life insurance is insufficient, borrowing is within permissible limit. Never borrow for consumer durables, even if it costs zero interest, as these loans always have some hidden cost. Overall asset creation is impressive though they are skewed in favour of illiquid real estate. Proportion of assets for self consumption and assets for investment is equal \u00e2\u20ac\u201d this is a very big plus for the family. Most families have a large portion of assets for self consumption that do not yield any returns.THE WAY AHEADContingency fund: After keeping aside Rs 2.70 lakh for contingency, utilize the balance amount to repay loans.Health insurance: Enhance health cover to Rs 3.5 lakh each for Santosh and Taruna and Rs 2 lakh each for both children. This is including cover provided by employer. Increase life cover of Santosh to Rs 1 crore through a term plan.PLANNING FOR FINANCIAL GOALSRepayment of home loan: The couple is able to save about Rs 10 lakh each year from gross inflows. Divert Rs 7 lakh from this towards prepayment of the home loan. This is over and above regular EMIs.Children's education: Invest Rs 25,000 every month in an equity-based mutual fund. Increase this amount by 15% every year.Children's marriage: After the home loan is fully paid, invest an amount equivalent to the current EMI in an equity-based mutual fund. If inflow permits, enhance this amount by 15% every year.Responsibility towards parents: Current inflow is sufficient to take care of this requirement. As a precaution, earmark the current corpus in the equity mutual fund for this goal. It should be utilized only if, in a financial year, there is turbulence and existing funds are not sufficient to support the parents.Retirement: Early retirement is not recommended currently. However, over the years, the financial situation will strengthen further. About a decade from now, plans for retirement could be made. Irrespective of when retirement is planned, continue contribution to EPF/PPF. Also, start a systematic investment plan in an equity fund worth Rs 5,000 per month. Nearer to retirement, liquidate real estate and use the corpus to generate a regular income.Other desires: Consider these only after sufficient provision has been made for current financial responsibilities.To be featured in this fortnightly column, write to moneymakeover @indiatimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17803218", "title": "920% rise in Madhya Pradesh phone users: Census 2011 data", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh has witnessed a whopping 920% rise in use of telephones- both landlines and mobiles - as compared to the last 10 years. However, almost 87% population in rural Madhya Pradesh and about 26% population in the urban parts of the state still do not have access to toilets.This was revealed at a state-level data dissemination workshop for census 2011, held here on Friday. The directorate of census operations data states that 82% people in the state do not have the facility of toilets within the premises of their house in the state.Interestingly, the families in rural India who have television sets is only 18% only while the percentage of those in the urban area is 71.3%. In all 32.14% families in the state have television sets.However, the percentage of people who have mobile or telephones is 46% in the state. Further analysis of the data suggests that 36.4% rural population have telephones while in the urban areas 73.9% population has access to it.The data also brings out a startling revelation that the proportion of nuclear family households in Madhya Pradesh has increased but at the cost of the girl child. Over the past decade, girl child population has declined 3 times as compared to males.\"Reduction in the number of children (0-6 age group) is because of the female sex, which shows that family planning has been at the cost of the girl child. The decline in child sex-ratio is a matter of grave concern,\" said directorate of census operations MP, director Sachin Sinha.Child sex ratio (CSR) in the state declined by 20 points from 932 in 2001 to 912 in 2011, he said.The variety of data on various indicators like drinking water and lighting reveal that although the connection per se increased - it has failed to meet the population demand. 30.5% still fetch water from source almost 500 meters away in rural area and 100 meters away in urban areas. Electricity connections (as a source of lighting) decreased by 2.9% in the state.The housing scenario, availability of amenities and assets to the household would be discussed in the two-day conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17807328", "title": "Protesters at Jantar Mantar force Sheila Dikshit to return", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit faced public rage on Friday when she was forced to return from Jantar Mantar where she went to take part in mourning the death of the 23-year-old gang-rape victim.Dikshit reached Jantar Mantar where around 500 people gathered for mourning the death of the girl at around 2pm but had to beat a hasty retreat as enraged protesters circled and forced her to return.The chief minister and police tried to reason with the protesters and allow her to be part of the gathering but the demonstrators were in no mood to oblige.However before leaving Jantar Mantar, she lit a candle and prayed for the departed soul.\"I had gone there to express my grief at the death of the girl,\" she said when asked about her visit to Jantar Mantar.\"Do you want to politicise somebody's death. Why didn't she come when the protests first began? She even asked police to remove us when we protested outside her residence,\" a protester said.Within minutes, she was escorted out of the area by police.People started gathering at Jantar Mantar here at around 10am and sat in silence.Aam Aadmi Party leaders Arvind Kejriwal , Manish Sisodia and Kumar Vishwas had also joined the protest along with some of their supporters with their mouth tied with black cloth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17801276", "title": "Zoo revamp gets Central Zoo Authority okay", "text": "MUMBAI: The Central Zoo Authority (CZA) has given its approval to the master layout plan of the Byculla zoo prepared by the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC), but the final plan will only be submitted to them by next year-end. The BMC is yet to receive the formal letter of approval from the CZA.After the CZA approval, the civic body will award tenders in the next five months, after which work can start in full swing.The BMC has been planning to develop the lone zoo in the city at an estimated Rs 150 crore. Apart from improving the conditions at the zoo, the civic body is also planning to bring new exotic animals after the upgradation is completed.The civic body has been planning the zoo's development for the last five years, but due to opposition from various corners, the approvals have been taking time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17805297", "title": "Mirchi Shiva and Anirudh join for Red Giant", "text": "Kiruthiga, wife of producer Udhayanidhi Stalin, is set to don the greasepaint for her maiden film, which is a rom-com, will be produced by none other than Udhayanidhi under their home banner Red Giant Movies. The production is set to start with Mirchi Shiva and Priya Anand in the lead with Anirudh who is high on the success of Ethir Neechal's audio success scoring the music.Udhaynidhi confirmed the same on his micro blogging site tweeting \"Red Giants next production starts soon wit Mirchi Shiva nd Priya Anand playing lead roles. Music by @anirudhravichan nd dir is @astrokiru\"Interestingly with the production yet to start the young music composer seems to have already composed a few tracks and has also expressed his happiness to be a part of the team. T S Surerh is the editot of the untitled flick.Udhaynidhi is also producing another untitled film in which her stars along with Nayanthara directed by Prabhakaran with Harris Jeyraj scoring the music. Mirchi Shiva who got recently married is also looking forward to the release of his ' Sonna Puriyadhu ' helmed by debutant Krishnan Jayaraj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17800595", "title": "2nd T20I: Yuvraj Singh stars in India's series-leveling win over Pakistan", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A professional performance by the Indian team helped them gain a face-saving and series-leveling win over Pakistan in the second T20 here at Motera on Friday.Scorecard | Match in PicsFor once, India did everything right with the bat but looked like giving it all away while bowling till the time the spinners were on. It was the re-introduction of seam in the 15th over which put the brakes on scoring which led to the fall of wickets to pave the way for a memorable 11-run victory. Unlike the last match or the one against England before that, Indian bowlers bowled well at the death which proved crucial in the end.Nasir Jamshed and Ahmed Shahzad gave Pakistan the start they needed, putting on 74 runs for the first wicket chasing India's massive 192 for the loss of five wickets. Though both departed in the space of just six deliveries, Pakistan found two dependable figures in skipper Mohammad Hafeez and Umar Akmal as they went on treating the Indian bowlers with the same disdain with which the Indian batsmen had treated the Pakistani bowlers earlier in the day.But once the faster bowlers started operating again, it was a different scenario altogether. They went for the occasional four and six. But they were generally hard to score off and the pressure started mounting.It was Dinda who first gave some hope to the silent but packed house by uprooting Umar Akmal's middle stump in the 17th over when Pakistan still needed 47 runs to win. Old warhorse Shahid Afridi and skipper Hafeez almost silenced the crowd, putting on 17 runs off just nine balls before the dangerous Afridi was caught at the long-off fence by Rohit Sharma off Bhuvneshwar Kumar.But it was Dinda's double strike in the 19th over when he removed the dangerous Hafeez and Kamran Akmal, both caught in the deep by Virat Kohli and Suresh Raina respectively that really pegged Pakistan back.Earlier, the dew factor prompted Hafeez to put India in after he won the toss. But as he later said, there wasn't enough dew to make any difference to the outcome. The pitch had nothing for the bowlers and most batsmen who had a chance to wield the willow made merry.But what stood out was Yuvraj Singh's 36-ball 72 with seven 6s and four 4s and his 97-run fourth wicket partnership with skipper MS Dhoni (33 from 23 balls with four 4s) which propelled India towards a formidable total.The earlier batsmen too managed to create a hole in Pakistan's bowling bubble as Gautam Gambhir (21 from 11 balls, 4x4), Ajinkya Rahane (28 from 26 balls) and Virat Kohli (27 from 22 balls) played important cameos.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17802080", "title": "Lady cops in disguise trap eve-teasers", "text": "KOLKATA: Eve-teasers, beware. You might straight land up in jail, if you tease, taunt or pass lewd comments. The docile girl in front of you might turn out to be a police. Police top brass has deployed young lady police personnel as decoys at various parts of the city. They will roam around in plain clothes and catch the habitual eve-teasers and molesters red-handed.Two eve-teasers' worst nightmare came true near Ruby General Hospital on Thursday evening, when they passed obscene remarks at two girls. The youths, who were out on a year-end shopping, had also shown obscene gestures to the girls.\"However, they were taken aback when the girls, instead of retreating, started approaching them. In no time, they found their arms twisted on their back. Within a few seconds, a van came, they were bundled into it and whisked away to the local police station,\" said deputy commissioner (south east suburban division) Sujoy Chandra.The city police top brass said that catching the eve-teasers and molesters on the wrong foot with the help of decoys has proved to be an effective mechanism to check crimes against women, particularly during this festive time when several eve-teasing and molestation cases were registered. This also helps us know the changing pattern of behaviour of such offenders, said an officer.Kolkata Police had deployed nearly 100 odd young lady-constables as decoys during this festive season, following the rise in crimes against women in the city. City police chief R K Pachnanda is particularly concerned about the growing crimes against women and has asked his officials to be extra active against eve-teasing and attempts of molestation. \"Using decoy is part of our plan to prevent such crime,\" said joint commissioner (crime) Pallab Kanti Ghosh.The lady officers will also be in the crowd on the Park Street sidewalks. Majority of the complaints comes from the sidewalks only. Even if someone screams from the crowd, it becomes very difficult for the officials, standing beyond the fence of the sidewalks, to identify the offender in the crowd. On a number of occasions, police failed to catch the offenders, thanks to the crowd in Park Street.The police have also deployed some lady personnel on several deserted pockets on the New-Year's eve. party hot-spots.They will be discreetly followed by their male colleagues.\"These roads will be under 24X7 CCTV surveillance. for 24X7 almost mosaic by mosaic.There will be teams, which will be strategically positioned for quick movement to any point of occurrence (PO). We are encouraging women to call anytime from anywhere on our anti-stalking (ASK) helpline at 8017100100, if they are faced with trouble. They can also SMS us on the number,\" said Ghosh. The city police has dedicated a number, 1091, for women in distress.Earlier, there used to be some no-man's land on the border areas, the city police share with other commissionerates like Bidhan Nagar, Howrah and Barrackpore. Now, the deputy commissioner of the city police has started coordinating with the respective deputy commissioners of the neighbouring commissionerates, so that an offender can't feel safe just by crossing the city border. just cannot cross the border and feel safe.This is exactly what happened on Thursday evening near Ruby General Hospital. Two youths, who apparently, had gone for year-end shopping, found two young girls on the road. \"Immediately, they started passing lewd comments and showed obscene gestures. They found it odd to see two girls, instead of beating retreat, were coming towards them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17802346", "title": "Kochi Metro Rail Ltd hands over Rs 5 crore to Delhi Metro Rail Corporation", "text": "KOCHI: Kochi Metro Rail Ltd (KMRL) handed over Rs 5 crore to Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) to complete the preparatory works of the prestigious project.So far DMRC has been allotted a total of Rs 68 crore towards execution of these works.According to KMRL, an amount of Rs 40 crore has been provided for the reconstruction of the side bays of the North railway overbridge and Rs 20.77 crore for the construction of the Salim Rajan overbridge.Apart from this, Rs 3.39 crore was provided for the construction of a foot overbridge.Since DMRC executes works on a deposit scheme basis, KMRL has to ensure steady flow of funds for the timely completion of works.Meanwhile, the sub-committee constituted by the KMRL board of directors to look into aspects related to upgrading technology will hold a meeting a next week.The committee is expected to discuss isues such as the length of coaches to be used for Kochi Metro.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17802220", "title": "Fire power display by artillery school leaves students awestruck", "text": "NASHIK: Around 1,200 students and 300 teachers from schools in and around Nashik got a ringside view of the display of fire power by the School of Artillery in Deolali on Friday.Ahead of the annual \"Topchi\" exercise scheduled in January, the School of Artillery began its rehearsal from Friday and it was made open for the public.School students got to see a huge range of guns including the indigenous 120 mm Mortar, 105 mm Indian Field Gun, 105 mm Light Field Gun and the 155 mm FH 77B Bofors and 122 mm multi barrel rocket launcher.Kunal Das, a student who attended the programme said, \"It was amazing to get to know the history of guns and how choppers are used to carry Indian field guns and assist the gunners during wars. We also got to see the cannon used during Akbar's era, the precision of the guns hitting medium and long range targets and the maneuvers of the helicopter like flying at ground level to remain undetected by the enemy.\"Meanwhile, the students were further informed about the use of radars and how they come in handy during the firing. Officials of the School of Artillery said that the audience also saw the new generation surveillance and target acquisition equipment like the unmanned aerial vehicles and surveillance and weapon locating radars and the flying skills of army aviators on the Cheetah and Chetak helicopters.This was the first time that the School of Artillery allowed civilians to view the demonstrations of its fire power. Officials said that the public can also collect the passes for another round of public fire power demonstrations on December 31 from the Demonstration Cell established at the Station Headquarters, Deolali.Seating arrangement for nearly 3,000 to 4,000 people was made at the Deolali Field Firing ranges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17803289", "title": "Political uncertainty looms over Jharkhand", "text": "RANCHI: Just as the residents of Jharkhand were beginning to get happy about the present government having lasted more than two years and expecting it to complete its term till the 2014 elections, they received a jolt - yet again.With the JMM bringing up the 28-month-power-sharing agreement out of the blue the state has once again plunged into uncertainty with the question, \"Are we heading towards another stint of President's rule?'' uppermost in everybody's mind.Saturday is likely to be crucial when, as chief minister, Arjun Munda announced a meeting of the coordination committee will be held to sort out the matter between the two alliances. However, there is a catch in this too as the meeting should be convened by the chairperson of the committee, that is JMM chief, Shibu Soren and not Munda. \"I have not convened any meeting of the coordination committee and neither am I aware of any such meeting,\" Soren told the media.Munda who returned to Ranchi on Friday evening from New Delhi after the National Development Council's meeting and consultations with BJP's central leaders, appeared confident and optimistic. \"In the interest of the state, BJP and the JMM will thrash out a solution,\" Munda told reporters at the airport. Sources said the central leaders have asked him not to bend double to please its alliance partner. They have also asked Munda to try for amicable negotiations with the JMM on the matter and if things do not work out- resign. This would not only help the party to win sympathy of voters but also land the JMM in a soup for lack of the necessary numbers.Political experts pointed out that the Congress would prefer President's rule to joining hands with the JMM to form a government and spoil its prospects in the 2014 assembly election. Experts are also bewildered about the JMM insistence on the 28-month-power-sharing agreement, since there was no such pact between the two alliances when Munda took over the reins in September 2010. Rather an understanding had been reached between the alliances in May 2010, when the then government was formed. Later, Munda had withdrawn support and President's rule had been imposed in the state.There is nevertheless hectic parleying within the JMM with Soren's son Hemant meeting his father with party MP, Sanjeev Kumar and HRD minister, Baidyanath Ram also meeting Hemant on Thursday, though what transpired between them is not known. Hemant had also met Munda early this week and expressed his unhappiness over the functioning of the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17803070", "title": "Over 1.2L cases came to State Human Rights Commission", "text": "LUCKNOW: Human rights violations are on the rise and so are the complaints reaching the State Human Rights Commission. The number of cases that were brought to the notice of state commission during six-year period between 2002 and 2008 were 56,221. However in the past four years 1,21,359 incidents of human rights violations were reported to the commission, indicating more awareness among public and also spate in such incidents.Clearly, the fact that maximum cases of human rights violations are reported from Uttar Pradesh, will hardly surprise anybody. The figures were shared by the outgoing member of the commission Justice Vishnu Sahai on eve of his retirement on Friday, at the state human rights commission office located at Vibhuti Khand.On a brighter side, the disposal rate of the commission maintained healthy level of 75% from the time of its formation. Out of the total 1,77,580 the commission disposed 1,35,431 cases in the last one decade. According to the figures available with the commission, it is evident that maximum allegations of human rights violations are levelled against police.Number of cases registered:Total* UP's share20098159462.84%20108435959.08%20119463555.18%20126825945.10%*Total figures indicate cases registered across 35 commissions (including states and union territories)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17802381", "title": "Cops' recruitment cancelled", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat high court (HC) on Friday cancelled the disputed selection process by which the state government recruited 3,000 constables in 2004 and asked the authorities to come up with a new selection list within two weeks.The selection process was mired by allegations that the government first filled up the reserved seats and thereby denied opportunity to the SC/ST and OBC candidates to avail job in general category. Besides, at the stage of interview, the government added 8,837 new candidates above and over 7,488 selected from preliminary tests. This was also objected by candidates from reserved categories when they filed petitions in the HC.The government added other candidates after it came to its notice that while candidates from general category were called for interview at scoring 40 marks, people from SC/ST category were not called even after scoring 85 marks. The government obtained opinion from the additional advocate general then. The bench of Chief Justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and Justice J B Pardiwala has termed this legal opinion as \"unjustified\" when it quashed the selection list. However, the court refused to disturb those candidates selected from those above 8,000 additions, for only 70 were selected from them.This selection process could not maintain the mandatory selection ratio of 225 SS, 450 ST and 810 SEBC candidates.In their petition, the candidates claimed that by filling up open category, more than 400 candidates from SC/ST and OBC category lost their opportunity.The HC termed the selection as illegal and ordered the government to cancel it. The bench directed the government to undertake fresh exercise and prepare the select list by first preparing a general merit list of 1,515 candidates, and thereafter to prepare the merit list of 1,485 candidates of the reserved category. The HC clearly said that if a reserved category candidates finds place in general category, he/she will not be counted against the quota of SC/ST or Socially and Educationally Backward Communities (SEBC). The HC also directed the government to fill up reserved seats with 7% SC, 15% ST and 27% SEBC candidates.The court has asked the government not to disturb those candidates who are in service till the finalization of the new select list. The government has been directed to complete the process of appointment within two months' time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17801152", "title": "Fast, prayer on January 1 for Ganesh devotees", "text": "MUMBAI: The spiritual quotient will be high at New Year 2013 as the festival of Angariki Chaturthi falls on January 1. So instead of drinking and dancing into the wee hours of the morning, several Mumbaikars will actually wind up parties before midnight on December 31 and begin an important fast.\"Angariki Chaturthi is the age-old worship of Lord Ganesh,\" says astrologer D K Soman. \"Three such events will occur in 2013, the first being on New Year's day, the second on May 28 and the third on October 22.\"The Siddhivinayak Temple Trust expects a record 23 lakh devotees to queue up from the midnight of December 31 to offer prayers. Devotees claim that Angariki Chaturthi coincides with New Year's day after a gap of 95 years. Millions of devotees will abstain from meat and alcohol from midnight itself.Subhash Mayekar, chairman of the Siddhivinayak Temple trust, said usually any Angariki Chaturthi brings a minimum of 16 lakh devotees to the temple, while on the first day of the new year nearly 10 lakh line up for darshan. \"With the coupling of these two events, police and temple trustees expect around 23 lakh devotees, probably the highest estimate in the last few decades on this day. It's a challenge to manage such crowds,\" he said.The temple will open the sanctum-sanctorum at 1.30am on December 31. \"We will keep the temple closed between 3.30am and 3.50am and later between 8.10pm and 10.10pm for the 'abhishek',\" Mayekar said. He added that two special pandals have been set up around the temple that will function as separate waiting rooms for men and women. Vast security has been arranged as well. Twenty private buses will pick up devotees outside Dadar station. \"We will install six mobile vans in and around the temple with big plasma screens which will relay live puja and darshan. There will be a separate line for devotees who want darshan from a distance,\" he said.The Saibaba temple at Shirdi also expects over 15 to 20 lakh devotees to arrive on December 31 and January 1, for which the temple has already set up huge pandals and arranged security measures.Hotels and restaurants are also prepared to do meagre business this year-end. Shashikant Shetty, general secretary of Ahar, an association of over 8,000 bars and restaurants, admitted there may not be too many parties in bars and pubs on New Year's Eve. Many parties are likely to wind up by 11.30pm or midnight as a large number of Ganesh devotees begin their fast and head to temples instead.Sources with the Hotels and Restaurants Association of Western India, said the occasion may impact business. \"Considering the significant event of Angariki Chaturthi, it seems new year celebrations will be low key this year,\" said G S Kohli, honorary secretary, HRAWI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17802775", "title": "A resolution to make a difference", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: It's that time of the year when practically everybody draws up a bucket list of resolutions. And hoping to make a fresh start and initiate positive changes in life top the New Year resolution list, there are many in the city who are resolving to take up social service to bring about a change in society.It is the time of the year when people have started realizing their social responsibility, like Dr Sarita, a general medicine postgraduate student, who has resolved to devote more time to patients, especially the poor or Aruna Jain who has completed her graduation, and aims at generating awareness among female students in the city schools and colleges about safety and self-defence. \"I plan to visit girl students of high schools and colleges and generate awareness about safety issues,\" says Jain. Uma Saikumar, a teacher, plans to offer voluntary service to poor children and aged people and B Vijay Kumar, a young entrepreneur, has taken up the resolution of planting several trees in his surroundings and along the highway for a green Vizag.For some career change is the top most priority. Nalini Kaith, who has been a teacher for over a decade, now plans to break free and try totally new avenues. \"I have decided to concentrate on writing books, especially fictions and venture into graphic designing. I will also commence globe-trotting to expand my horizon,\" she says. Sandeep N, a youngster, adds that making a career in the government sector is his resolution for this New Year. \"I am going to study hard and write competitive exams so that I can create my own identity instead of sticking to my family business,\" he says.BA student Sannuthi Suresh, who like Shakespeare's Hamlet suffers from the 'to-be-or-not-to-be' syndrome and is gunning for self-improvement this year. \"I am quite indecisive, laid back and gullible. So, I have decided not to let myself waver and remain confused. I will make an all-out effort to take decisions on my own. Also, I have decided to read as many controversial and banned books as possible this New Year including those of D H Lawrence, Rushdie and Taslima Nasreen ,\" says Sannuthi.Sannuthi's mother Kaushalya, a naval officer's wife, too has resolved to bring physical and psychological changes in her personality. \"I will make myself slimmer, fitter and emotionally stronger through serious lessons at yoga and hit the gym religiously,\" she says.Of course as always there are those who have a list of whacky and funny resolutions for the New Year for self-improvement. Like student Prerna Yadav, who has a habit of lying down on bed and studying and then inevitably dozing off. \"So my New Year resolution from day one is to study seated on a chair and table. I'll have to make a conscious effort to sit and study in the right posture and not fall asleep,\" she says.Shyam Sundar, a young medico specialising in paediatrics at KGH, has taken the resolution to put a zip on his mouth and stop blabbering whatever he feels like. \"I have decided to control excessive talking habit so that I become more careful while speaking or making comments in public. My resolution is aimed at improving myself into becoming more discreet,\" he quips.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17803558", "title": "Short-tenure appointments to top security posts raise eyebrows", "text": "NEW DELHI: A flurry of senior postings in paramilitary, intelligence and home ministry have raised more than a few eyebrows as appointments to key jobs fail to keep in view the need to provide incumbents at least a year in their assignments.The shift of Ajay Chadha, who was special secretary (internal security) in the home ministry, as Indo-Tibetan Border Police chief seems puzzling as he was holding an important assignment in North Block and will retire by August next year.If shifting Chadha -- a well regarded officer who has served in Delhi Police -- is surprising, the move to replace him with an officer who will have a short tenure is also causing some comment although the decision is yet to be finalized.In the meantime, Subhash Joshi, who was serving as director general of National Security Guard, has moved to Border Security Force where he will remain till February 2014. Arvind Rajan, who takes charge of NSG, is also slated for a short stint.Joshi headed NSG for a little more than six months while before him, Rajan Medhekar was in charge for nearly 20 months.The postings seem to reinforce the impression of a degree of ad-hocism in dealing with important security-related assignments with some officers arguing that the Manmohan Singh government has lacked a serious engagement with policing and intelligence.The nature of appointments to intelligence arms like IB and RAW in recent years have not resulted in the strategic upgrade in capacities and analysis that a major terror event like 26/11 should have resulted in. When West Bengal governor M K Narayanan was national security advisor, he took a keen interest in police appointments although he was also not seen to have built systems although he was a hands-on spook.Chadha has moved to BSF but continues to hold effective charge of special secretary (internal security). His move to the paramilitary outfit was necessitated by Ranjit Sinha being appointed chief of the Central Bureau of Investigation .Sinha's appointment has already drawn some controversy with Delhi Police commissioner Neeraj Kumar objecting to being excluded from the shortlist and BJP leaders Arun Jaitley and Sushma Swaraj asking the appointment to be stayed till a collegium is set up.The appointment of Asif Ibrahim as Intelligence Bureau chief saw the claims of Yashovardhan Azad and S Jayaraman being overlooked. The latter is now seen in the running for special secretary (internal security). Some feel that the appointment of Ibrahim's predecessor Nehchal Sandhu as deputy national security advisor could mean his continued say in IB matters as he is unlikely to have a foreign policy role.The other intelligence appointment saw Alok Joshi being named head of the Research and Analysis Wing. His tenure follows that of Sanjeev Tripathi who is seen to have enjoyed an unremarkable tenure as RAW head.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17802858", "title": "(edited) 20-year-old missing since Thursday", "text": "JAIPUR: A 20-year-old woman has been missing from city's Sanjay Circle area since Thursday. The police said the girl had left home without telling anything to her family members. A search has been launched.According to the police, Nisha Kumari is a resident of Chaura Rasta in Sanjay Circle police station area.\"Her family complained to us a few hours after she left home. The girl is a class XII student. We have lodged a missing complaint and launched a search for her,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17803017", "title": "Rajasthan University teachers union forms panels to pursue demands", "text": "JAIPUR: In a bid to press their demand for extending retirement age, members of the All Rajasthan University Teachers Association (ARUTA, a parent body of all state universities teachers) have formed three committees to lobby with chief minister, bureaucrats, pradesh Congress committee and Union HRD ministry in Delhi on Friday.The committees were formed during a meeting held at the university guest house on Friday morning and each committee comprises four to six members who will pursue with their demands-implementation of career advancement scheme, pensions for retired employees and immediate release of arrears.B D Rawat, president of ARUTA, said of the 2,300 sanctioned post in state's four universities - Rajasthan University (Jaipur), MDS University (Ajmer), MLS University (Udaipur) and JNV University (Jodhpur) - only 623 teachers are filled, showing the pathetic state of higher education in the state.The body asked the Congress government to fulfill the promised made in its party manifesto 2008 to raise the age bar and threatened to run a 'chintan shiver' parallel to the Congress government's Chintan Shivir in Jaipur starting from January 18.ARUTA has claimed to have convinced the chief minister to meet their demands but accused a section of the bureaucracy for opposing them on the pretext that fulfilling the demands would hamper the prospects of job seekers.Rawat said by announcing six new universities, the state has already created many job opportunities for youngsters.Every year, a little less than 100 teachers retire from these universities, reducing their strength phenomenally. \"The only viable remedy the state has is to extend the age bar so that those teachers who are nearing the retirement age should get a chance to serve in universities for a longer period,\" Rawat added.The Rajasthan University has a total of 900 sanctioned posts. Over the years, the strength has been reduced to 390 and with every passing year they are shrinking. It is estimated that in the next 10 years the university will be left with less than 50 teachers as 90% of the existing staff is nearing retirement age.The Union HRD ministry has increased the superannuation age from 60 to 65 years for university teachers in the country. It was implemented by all Central universities and a few states so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17801519", "title": "Trucks off Mathura Road to ease Noida bridge chaos", "text": "NEW DELHI: Traffic jams lasting hours on NH-2 (Mathura Road) due to the closure of a carriageway of the Kalindi Kunj bridge has finally caught the attention of the lieutenant governor.Following complaints that plying of trucks on this stretch has added to traffic jams, Tejendra Khanna has directed traffic police that movement of trucks on Mathura Road be allowed only after 9pm till the Delhi-Noida carriageway of the bridge is functional again.TOI reported on Friday that commuters were stuck on Mathura Road for three to five hours due to traffic chaos brought on by the bridge closure. The problem was only compounded by half of the road being taken up by trucks that are allowed within city limits at all hours.A copy of the letter issued by the LG's office to the traffic police is with TOI. \"It has come to the notice of the LG that due to closure of the Kalindi Kunj bridge, traffic has increased manifold on Mathura Road. On an average, traffic is moving 5km to 6km per hour. The congestion on Mathura Road is aggravated by plying of trucks post office hours, from 11am to 5pm,\" said Ranjan Mukherjee, the officer on special duty to the LG.The letter said the truck movement be restricted till the Kalindi Kunj carriageway was closed. \"Suggestions have been received from regular commuters that till the reopening of the bridge, plying of trucks on Mathura Road should not be allowed. Alternate routes may be considered and trucks could only be allowed after 9pm,\" said Mukherjee.On PWD's request, the Delhi traffic police has allowed the closure of the 28-year-old bridge for two months. Officials said construction on the Delhi-Noida stretch will be over by January 22. After that, the other carriageway will be closed from January 23 to February 24.The current closure has left key arterial roads connecting south Delhi with the east, the south with the north, and Delhi with Noida choked for the past several days. Mathura Road that connects Badarpur to central Delhi is one of the worst-affected roads. Trucks and heavy vehicles use Mathura Road as it is the main link between Delhi and Kolkata. It's also widely used by people going towards NH-24 and NH-8.With half of the Kalindi Kunj bridge closed, most of the traffic is diverted to the Noida DND, which is witnessing massive lines at the toll plaza. The average waiting time has gone up from about five minutes to at least half an hour.Construction of an underpass to ease Noida-Okhla traffic had already created a bottleneck for Sarita Vihar residents, and work on the Kalindi Kunj bridge has only added to their woes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17803740", "title": "Biodiversity board plans national museum on Western Ghats", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The state biodiversity board plans to join hands with the National Museum of Natural History (NMNH) under the Union ministry of environment and forests to establish a museum to highlight the biodiversity of the Western Ghats.NMNH director B Venugopal said such a platform would help educate the masses and also dispel fears about the recent UNESCO status awarded to the ghats.\"The Gadgil report is always in the limelight but when I hear some of the arguments and counter-agreements, I feel the state needs to be educated more about the ghats. A museum should be developed befitting the communication, education and public awareness guidelines,\" he said.The director, who was approached by the state biodiversity board chairman to present a proposal on the NHMH at the National Biodiversity Congress currently underway at Kanakakunnu Palace here, said Kerala could take a page out of the NMNH Mysore, where information on biodiversity of the ghats is on display.\"The museum building can have two changing themes and temporary exhibition halls. In addition, district-oriented biodiversity boards can be set up, which could link up with resource centres and biodiversity management committees,\" he said.Venugopal's proposal highlights the cost of the museum at around Rs 20 crore, excluding the land cost. He said it would have 10 galleries but the museum building would only occupy 25% of the space allotted. \"The KSBB is aware of our work and I can give them a detailed break-up of the project and costs, should the state government take a pro-active decision,\" he said.While a museum with a special focus on the Western Ghats is a far-fetched dreamfor the board, especially as it is functioning out of a small rented building hereChairman Oommen V Oommen said his team had identified a place near Vallakadavu for the project. \"The building is a not as big as I would've liked it to be, but it is a traditional building which has been refurbished and lying unused,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17803460", "title": "Cops woo revellers to Red-hit Sunabeda wildlife sanctuary", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Police have decided to provide security to tourists visiting the Sunabeda tiger reserve in Nuapada district in view of increase in Maoist activities. This is being done to increase footfall during New Year. \"If the party revellers approach us, we can guide and provide the requisite security to them by informing cops of nearby police stations,\" said SP (Nuapada) Umashankar Das. He said though some Maoist incidents made people drop the idea of visiting the sanctuary in earlier years, there is no fear factor now.Many picnickers prefer the place to celebrate the New Year party because of the greenery inside. The sanctuary is spread over 600 sq km area and has 34 tigers according to 2005 census.Last year owing to increasing Maoist violence, college students, local businessmen, officials and families, who used to throng the place on the eve of New Year, skipped the sanctuary. They instead chose Patura, an artificially-created picnic spot.\"Earlier situation was different. Tourists feared to venture into the area. But gradually people realized that the Maoists are not attacking the common people. Also police this year have assured us to provide security. So we are planning to visit the picnic spot this time,\" said Pitambar Bastia, a businessman of Nuapada.He said unlike last year when the local police warned the tourists not to venture into the reserve, this year there are encouraging them to visit the area.Statistics said owing to Maoist menace, the number of visitors to the sanctuary came down drastically. While as many as 22,000 tourists thronged the sanctuary in five years between 2001 and 2005, in the next five years up to 2010, the number nosedived to only 1,700. In 2011, 511 tourists visited the place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17801428", "title": "'Midnight's Children' fails to draw viewers in UK", "text": "LONDON: 'Midnight's Children', a film based on the 1981 Booker Prize winning novel by Salman Rushdie is scheduled to release in India on February 1, 2013 and could be heading for an unimpressive box office result in Britain, where it opened on Boxing Day this Wednesday.That it is showing at central London's Empire cinema is prestigious. But allocated to it is a mini-theatre with a capacity of about 40. Only two tickets, including the one bought by this correspondent, were sold for a performance on Friday, during what's a holiday period in the UK.If this reflects a nationwide trend - and reports are not encouraging - the Deepa Mehta directed movie can bid goodbye to decent returns from the British Isles.What was deemed to be an \"unfilmable\" novel was converted into a screenplay by the author himself after two years' of labour (he is also the film's narrator). By remaining faithful to the book, he may have sacrificed its celluloid potential. The UK's Guardian newspaper in its review said: \"It sheds no fresh light on the material, turns and turns but with no new spin, fails to pepper the source. This is self-defeating faithfulness, which genuflects so far as to insist the audience can't be released for some 148 minutes, and employs actors perfectly cast to the point of blandness.\"Screen magazine is kinder. It sees the film \"emerging as a prestige, middlebrow arthouse attraction\". The story of two newborns \"tumbling forth\" at the hour of India's independence meanders from Mumbai to Karachi, Dhaka, and to Pakistan being inflicted a resounding military defeat by Indian forces and the consequent loss of its eastern wing in 1971. With this the novel weaves the personal tragedy of Bombay's Saleem Sinai, rejected by his father, ending up on the wrong side of the Indo-Pak war and then at the receiving end of Indira Gandhi's Emergency.The slight exaggeration of the Emergency, directional flaws like some of the actors hardly aging over a quarter of a century and the mumbo jumbo of the magic sequences in the portrayal detract from an otherwise good effort. The individual performances are largely natural, including a cameo by Soha Ali Khan . British Indian industrialist Lord Swraj Paul, a confidante of Indira Gandhi , commented, \"Her intention of declaring an Emergency was based strictly on legal advice.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17804994", "title": "Indian men must be taught to respect women: Neetu Chandra", "text": "Even as the country is protesting against the spate of rapes and crime against women, actress Neetu Chandra feels it's up to the womenfolk to stand up for their rights, their morality, and fight the criminals.\"We are not helpless, and I don't think we need any kind of protection. We have the power in our hand, and if we decide to stand up for our rights and security, no one can stop us,\" she begins. One of the first steps that women need to take is to learn self-defence, she says. The actress, a Taekwondo expert herself, says martial arts need to be promoted in schools and colleges.\"Such horrendous crimes against women have come to light, and are much debated now, because they've taken place in big cities and in the capital. There are more unreported crimes that take place in small towns and villages. I strongly feel that schools and colleges must make martial arts an integral part of their curriculum.\"Continues Neetu, \"Along with strengthening their physique, girls must also be prepared mentally to face dangers. It must be imbibed in their conscience that they are not the weaker sex. They need to be psychologically prepared to take on their offenders.\"She adds, \"Girls have always been told what to do and what not to do. They've been told what to wear in public and how to behave in front of men. Men in our country have to be taught to respect women. Parents must teach their sons how to behave with the opposite sex. They must be oriented, right from adolescence, not to view girls as a mere sex object.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17802428", "title": "AIADMK condemns Centre for \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcinsulting\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 chief minister", "text": "COIMBATORE: More than 300 cadres of All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (AIADMK) cadres staged a protest in Erode for not providing enough time to the chief minister J Jayalalithaa to raise issues affecting the state at the National Development Council meeting in New Delhi. They also hit an effigy of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh with slippers accusing the central government of stifling voice of the states.The cadres were led by corporation mayor P Mallika Parmasivam and deputy mayor K C Palanisamy, who staged a procession from Paneerselvam Park to Post office. Vehicles were diverted to other roads as the protest created traffic jam on the road. The mayor said the state was facing several problems and the issues could have been raised at the forum. However, by limiting the time to 10 minutes the chief minister could not raise several issues affecting the state and people. Meanwhile the Erode corporation unanimously condemned the central government for 'humiliating' the chief minster.In Coimbatore, scores of Hanuman Sena gagged their mouth by black ribbon and conducted a protest against the Union government on Friday near Hotel Tamil Nadu at Gandhipuram in the city. The protestors raised slogans against the union government for 'insulting' the chief minister J Jayalalithaa and the seven crore people in the state at the National Development Council meeting.\"The chief minister was allowed to speak only for 10 minutes. She walked out of the meeting and condemned the Union government. We are condemning the Union government for not giving respect to the chief minister and the people of the state,\" said D Govindaraju, state vice president of Hanuman Sena.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17801275", "title": "DGCA starts probe into Jet go-around", "text": "MUMBAI: The DGCA on Friday started a probe into the Jet Airways' go-around incident that took place on Thursday evening. The air traffic control (ATC) official on duty at that time has been derostered, pending investigation. The western region authority has asked for the flight data recorder to trace the actual sequence of events.The Jet Airways flight coming from Delhi had reportedly notified an unstable approach and made a go-around on the controller's recommendation. Another flight, bound for Riyadh , had started rolling for a take-off. It was asked to abort take-off and vacate the runway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17802570", "title": "Prof translates Vachanas, raises money for endosulfan victims", "text": "MANGALORE: Moved by the plight of endosulfan victims in Dakshina Kannada villages, a government college professor from Chandigarh, came up with a novel way to raise money for the victims.The 38-year-old Kannadiga professor, Pandit Rao Dharennavar from Bijapur, learnt Punjabi and translated Vachanas of Basavanna, Sarvajna, Akka Mahadevi, Purandaradasa, Kanakadasa and Allama Prabhu into Punjabi. Then hiring a bicycle, he sold the books during his holidays in Chandigarh city. After he collected Rs 10,000, he travelled to Mangalore and handed over the money to deputy commissioner N Prakash.Pandit told TOI that it is a symbolic gesture to get people to donate for endosulfan victims. \"It is customary in Sikh faith 'Dasvand' that one should reserve 10 per cent of his or her income for charity. This philosophy got me to contribute to society,\" said Pandit, who hails from Salotgi village in Bijapur.Pandit, who joined Government College, Chandigarh, as assistant professor in 2003, learnt Punjabi in two years and translated 'Sri Japji Saheb' into Kannada. He translated 'Jafar - Nama', a letter written in Persian by Sri Guru Gobind Singh to Aurangzeb into Kannada.'Jagadguru Basavanna', 'Prem Diwani Akka Mahadevi' 'Sangeeth Ratan Purandaradasa', 'Mahagyani Sarvajna', 'Kaviratan Kanakadas' and 'Sant Gani Allama Prabhu' are the Vachanas of Basavanna, Akka Mahadevi, Purandaradasa, Sarvajna, Kanakadasa and Allama Prabhu respectively which Pandit translated into Punjabi. He also published 'Bhima Shankar Be Mahema', a book on Bhima Shankar Maharaj and 'Main Tha Mai Hai', poetry and prose collection in Punjabi.Pandit said that he got Rs 18,000 by selling the books. \"I have donated the profits to endosulfan victims in Dakshina Kannada district. The amount may be very small, but the message I would like to convey is that every individual should reserve at least 10 per cent of their income for charity. I hope this will be a beginning and many people come forward,\" he added.Pandit has done his MA and MPhil in sociology from Jawaharlal Nehru University.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17802475", "title": "Science centre to attract youngsters this winter", "text": "GUWAHATI: This winter vacation, the Regional Science Centre has decided on starting up several science and computer-related courses for visitors. Apart from this, the Centre is also going to open a gallery on chemistry and a theme park on insects.The project director of the science centre Vijay Shanker Sharma said, \"We are going to start a computer awareness programme on Multimedia and Photoshop. This awareness programme is open for all and housewives and professionals can also participate in the courses apart from school children. We are charging only Rs 500 for the entire programme. After its completion, we will provide certificates to the participants which will benefit them in future because this certificate is acclaimed by the central government.\"Many children are interested in knowing about the universe, planets and stars. Keeping this in mind, we have started a night sky observation programme. This programme is free of cost and starts every day from 5 pm onwards. We have an educational team which explains about the wonders of universe and the planets and stars to the children, he added.\"This part of the year is the best time for night sky observation. Every month the sky changes and positions of constellations also change. The children are taught how to identify the directions using the stars, direction of each planet and the change in positions through the telescope,\" the project director added.In the early part of next year, a new gallery on chemistry will be opened. The visitors can experience the wonders of chemistry in this gallery. It will have around 40 interactive exhibits and all the exhibits are related to the field of chemistry in our day to day life, he added. \"Another attraction which the visitors will get to see on new year will be the 'Theme Park on Insects'. This park will explicate the importance of insects, their life cycle and portray the positive aspects of insects. The insects will not be real, instead they have been made of fibre glass. There will be instructors who will explain about different things related to insects,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17801075", "title": "After weapons, Army jawans\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 combat kit now set for a major upgrade", "text": "NEW DELHI: Along with new assault rifles and other weaponry in the pipeline, the Army jawans are now getting set for a complete makeover in their clothing and personal kits to boost their operational efficiency.From new backpacks and ammunition pouches to sneakers and improved mosquito nets, Army chief General Bikram Singh has initiated or cleared several such acquisition projects. Till now, only the around five lakh or so infantry soldiers were entitled to get \"improved combat kits\" (ICKs) but the approved plan is to issue it to the entire 11-lakh strong Army. \"Composed of new small and large backpacks, ammunition pouches, belts, water bottles and the like, the ICKs will also be issued to the other arms over the next five years. Each ICK costs around Rs 4,900,\" said an officer.Similarly, the Army will soon float a new tender to acquire eight lakh Reebok or Adidas-like sneakers to replace the thin brown canvas PT shoes currently issued to soldiers. Despite attempts to upgrade the PT shoes to proper \"sports shoes\" over the last several years, the project was stuck in bureaucratic red-tape till now, as reported by TOI earlier.\"The technical specifications for the sneakers, made of a mix of leather and synthetic mesh, have been finalised after trials. Each such sneaker will cost around Rs 900-1,100,\" he said. The vintage-pattern canvas PT shoes, incidentally, have been in service for over 50 years without any improvement in quality. The Army also wants to introduce specially-designed combat boots for soldiers that will be more durable, flexible and light-weight than the existing heavy boots.The Army has also decided to issue cloth, manufactured by ordnance factories, and an Rs 225 allowance to get it stitched as per their size and shape to soldiers to bring homogeneity in uniforms. Jawans will also get new \"long-lasting insecticidal nets\" instead of the old mosquito nets they have been making do with till now.\"Soldiers will also be issued multi-purpose ponchos to replace the rain capes/rain coats they have at present. The quality of blankets, much lighter and with more fine-grade wool, is also been improved,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17802324", "title": "Better pay lures teachers from Kerala to Maldives", "text": "KOCHI: As unaided schools in the state pay meagre emoluments, the number of schoolteachers going abroad for better pay has increased over the past few years.The ministry of education , Maldives, had recently conducted recruitment drives in Thiruvananthapuram, Kochi and Palakkad in association with various recruitment agencies. \"Of the 500 candidates they screened, the Maldives education ministry has offered placements to 90 teachers. Better emoluments are the prime attraction for them.A teacher holding a BEd degree will get around Rs 60,000 plus as salary,'' said Y P Byju, managing director, Skylink international, Kochim, who is also the joint secretary of Kerala Manpower Exporters Association.\"Of the one lakh people we place abroad a year, We offer placements to around one lakh people a year. Of this,more than 2,000 are teachers, mostly opting for Maldives, Qatar, UAE and South Africa ,'' he said. The number of teachers going abroad has increased in the last five-six years, he said.A teacher working with an unaided school here earns below Rs 10,000 a month.\"I have been working with an aided school near Tripunithura for five years. They pay me Rs 6,000 a month. I have appeared for an interview to Maldives. They have offered around $850 a month. They will provide family VISA as well,'' said a teacher waiting for placement in Maldives.The CBSE schools association has refuted the charges of that these schools underpayent. \"Teachers from Kerala have always been preferred globally. This flow has nothing to do with emoluments given by unaided schools. Most schools , especially those in urban areas, are already paying the salary fixed by the court,'' said TPM Ibrahim Khan, president, Kerala CBSE school managements association.In the mid-80s, teachers from Sri Lanka constituted the major chunk of teachers at Maldives. \"Then 90% teachers in Maldives were from Sri Lanka, while those from India came to roughly 5%. Over the years, the number of Indian teachers has gone up steadily. Of around 3,000 teachers there, Indians constitute more than 2,300, 75% of whom are Keralites,'' said Arul Jyothi of Good Samaritan Employment Consultants, Marthandam. \"Now, around 350 teachers from India, especially from Kerala, are recruited to Maldives every year,'' he said.\"I had worked as a teacher in Maldives for more than a deecade. As the education system there follows the curriculum of Cambridge University , teachers would go to UK, US, Canada and Australia after gaining a couple of years' experience teaching in Maldives,'' said Arul Jyothi of Good Samaritan Employment Consultants, Marthandam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17802685", "title": "Dense fog forces railways to cancel trains", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Seeing no improvement in fog, railways has decided to partially/fully cancel some trains.Train numbers 14005/14006 Sitamarhi-Anand Vihar Terminal Lichchavi Express via Allahabad has been cancelled from December 30 till February 17. Train numbers 13039/13040 Delhi-Howrah Express has been cancelled from December 28 till February 18.Train numbers 12873/12874 Hatia-Anand Vihar terminal Jharkhand Swarna Jayanti Express has been cancelled from December 29 till February 17. Train numbers 14115/14116 Allahabad-Haridwar Express has also cancelled from December 28. This train will resume from February 17.Train numbers 14211/14212 Agra- New Delhi Intercity Express has been cancelled from December 28 to February 18. Train numbers 14309/14310 Ujjain-Dehradun Ujjaini Express has been cancelled from December 28. This train will resume operation from February 18.In addition, several trains have been partially cancelled. Train numbers 15003/15004 Chauri Chaura Express has been partially cancelled between Anwarganj Kanpur and Allahabad. However, this train will ply between Allahabad and Gorakhpur. The partial cancellation of this train came into effect on December 28 and will continue till January 10. However, this train will ply from Rambagh station (Allahabad City) to Gorakhpur from January 11 to February 17.Train numbers 13111/13112 Kolkata-Delhi Lal Quila Express has been partially cancelled. This train has been partially cancelled between Delhi and Mughalsarai but would ply between Mughalsarai and Kolkata. The partial cancellation of this train has come into effect from December 28 and continue till February 17. Train numbers 13007/13008 Howrah-Shriganganagar Toofan Express has also been partially cancelled between Mughalsarai and Shriganganagar from December 28. The partial cancellation would remain effective till February 19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "17802302", "title": "Crores change hands in teacher transfers", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Notwithstanding the controversies, school education minister K Pardhasarathi is believed to have recommended transfer of about 400 school teachers on health grounds in the state during the last few days.All the teachers cited ill-health of either their parents or spouse to seek a transfer to the place of their choice. Under pressure from the minister's office, the school education special secretary in the department was said to have issued separate memos directing the district educational officers (DEO) to affect the transfer of teachers.Speculation is rife that huge money has changed hands between the middlemen and the teachers who got their place of choice in the transfers. Sources said that teachers were believed to have paid around Rs 50,000 to Rs one lakh for each transfer depending on the place of posting. Although, there is no confirmation about the share the public representatives got from the transfers, the middlemen are believed to have pocketed around Rs 2-3 crore within fortnight.All the transfers were allowed as 'special case' though there is a blanket ban on the government employees' transfers. Sources said the most number of transfers took place in the home district of chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy followed by school education minister Pardhasarathi's Krishna district where 35 teachers were transferred.According to information, the teachers, who secured favourable orders for their transfers, met the DEOs just a day before the counselling was taken up for newly recruited teachers under district selection committee (DSC).The district administrations took up counselling of the new teachers from December 26 which will last till December 29 depending on the schedules fixed by the respective district collectors.Normally, vacancy list is prepared and announced either just before the general transfers or appointment of new teachers. As per the rules, the district administrations keep about 10% of the total posts vacant in the surroundings of urban areas, particularly district headquarters, with a view to first filling the vacancies in the remote and interior areas during the transfers.Using the clause to their advantage, the teachers lobbied to get transferred to the places of their choice citing health reasons. While about 35 teachers got the transfer memo through such a route in Krishna district, about 24 secured similar orders in Guntur district. Sources said about 68 teachers secured postings of their preference in Chittoor, which is CM's home district.Surprisingly, all these special transfers were affected by issuing memos and not GOs.\"In a calculated move to escape from the responsibility, the special secretary in the education department issued separate memos to DEOs directing them to transfer the 'chosen' teachers to a specific place,\" Andhra Pradesh Teachers Federation (APTF) general secretary Nethaji Prasad alleged.\"We have no option but to implement the instructions issued by the senior officials,\" Guntur DEO D Anjaneyulu told protesting teachers association leaders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17801704", "title": "Tulsiram case accused expresses fear for his life", "text": "AHMEDABAD: An accused in the Tulsiram Prajapati fake encounter case and suspended police inspector, Ashish Pandya on Friday told the CBI court that he faces threat to his life from people who are directly or indirectly involved in encounter cases.Pandya tendered an application before additional chief judicial magistrate of CBI court, A Y Dave, and requested the court to take appropriate action for his security. Pandya, however, maintained that he would not be able to reveal in the names of those he felt threatened by, in open court.The court directed police authorities to take proper care of Pandya's security while he is shifted from jail to court and otherwise under police escort.Beside this, another accused -suspended IPS officer Rajkumar Pandian urged the court not to send him to Mumbai jail on the ground that he needed medical treatment and since he was being treated at the Civil Hospital in the city, he should be allowed to stay back. However, the court told him to make this representation before jail authorities first and then to the concerned court in Mumbai.These representations were made when the accused cops were brought to the CBI court for regular production. While 11 cops were brought from Palanpur jail, four accused including D G Vanzara, Pandian and Rajasthan SP Dinesh M N were brought from Mumbai. Vanzara was brought back for the first time after being moved to Mumbai in connection with the Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case.After Vanzara creating much din over security in Mumbai jail, he was brought to the city under heavy security cover. He was surrounded by 20 quick response team gunmen beside two police inspectors. Vanzara's van was part of a convoy of five vehicles. On the other hand, Pandian, Dinesh and Abdul Rehman were brought from Mumbai by train.The trio even faced relative hardships while being taken back to Mumbai, as the police escort team could not get space in a Mumbai-bound train. They had to wait at the railway station till late evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "17804701", "title": "Srinagar-Jammu National Highway closed due to heavy snowfall", "text": "SRINAGAR: Heavy snowfall around Jawahar Tunnel on Saturday forced the closure of Srinagar-Jammu National Highway, the only road link between Kashmir and rest of the country.Around two feet of snow has accumulated around Jawahar Tunnel in Qazigund area, resulting in closure of the national highway, Aamir Ali, coordinator Natural Disaster Management Cell, said.He said fresh snowfall was also recorded in several other places of the Valley including Shopian, Kargil, Gurez, Tangdhar, Macchil and Keran.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17803357", "title": "Tribal Christians mix traditional and modern rituals at weddings", "text": "RANCHI: Tribal Christians of Jharkhand have been able to keep alive their age-old traditions passed on to them by their forefathers. This is the very reason why a Christian bride in this part of the world is seen wearing bangles, vermillion and mangalsutra even after solemnizing their wedding in the church as per Christian traditions.Apart from adorning the tribal symbols of marriage, the brides are also seen wearing the wedding rings making it a mix of both the cultures. Rituals such as haldi, sangeet and dwar chekai are followed earnestly. Megha Lakra, English professor in St Xavier's college said: \"Since we have converted we follow the Christian culture but that does not mean we have given up our own tribal tradition. Thus both the rituals are seen in our weddings. We solemnize the wedding in churches but during our forefathers' time it took place in front of a priest and was known as Pahan in the local language.\"Lakra also said the Roman Catholic Church allows the bride to apply vermillion and wear mangalsutra but the Evangelical Church doesn't. \"Haldi ceremony is conducted before the formal wedding. Turmeric is applied on the bride and the groom by their respective relatives. The turmeric used on the groom, along with henna and clothes, is sent to the bride. The sangeet ceremony, held a day before the wedding, witnesses song and dance by relatives and friends,\" she said.Shobha Tudu, a B Ed professor said a traditional dance form called Pyka is the most ceremonious greeting the bride and the groom receives when they accompany the priest outside after the wedding. Pyka symbolizes blessings for the newlywed. After this, the couple visits the bride's house where women gather in front of the door demanding shagun, in the form of money, from the groom. This is called 'dwar chekai' in the traditional language. The groom has to shell some more at the doorsteps of his house too.Tradition plays a major part at the reception too. Tudu said: \"The couple is blessed by their elders with rice coloured with turmeric. It is called 'parichawan'.\"Cijil Diclause, an employee of a corporate house said: \"The first step includes fixing the marriage which takes place with the mutual consent of the families. Then, the couple has to commit in front of Christ that they are willing to marry each other following which the ring ceremony takes place. After this, on three consecutive Sundays the priest announces that if anyone has a problem with the wedding they should consult the priest. However, there is no use of vermillion or mangalsutra here, instead a chain, ring and a saree is given to the bride.\"Amalgamation of cultures also takes place. \"With the influence of Christianity the tribals converted and adapted to the good in that religion but tried to blend it with their own culture. Hence, we see brides wearing sarees, bangles, vermillion and mangalsutras,\" said the father of St Mary's Cathdral, Xavier Lakra, SJ.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17803086", "title": "I favour every idea which makes the game beautiful: Ronaldinho", "text": "PUNE: Experts believe all great ideas come to a logical end. But Brazilian superstar Ronaldinho, who played a key role in his team's 2002 World Cup triumph, doesn't think so.The former FIFA World Player of the Year was also part of the Barcelona squad which charmed spectators with their dazzling brand of football and went on to win the Champions League title. Later, the Barca boys fuelled Spain's rise which saw them win three successive major titles starting with the Euro in 2008.Ronaldinho, sporting dazzling ear studs, shades, a designer beard and the trademark curly hair kept in place with a headband, had this to say here on Friday when asked whether the beautiful game was in danger of withering away: \"Football is about joy. It's about dribbling. I favour every idea that makes the game beautiful. Every good idea has to last. The Brazilian and Spanish styles are beautiful and they will last because they are efficient.\"The 32-year-old, who was here on a promotional visit, said he was eagerly looking forward to the World Cup to be hosted by Brazil in 2014. \"The World Cup means so much to every Brazilian,\" he said through an interpreter. \"I want to be ready and prepared for the event.\"Ronaldinho was not picked for the 2010 World Cup finals in South Africa and many believe that with only two World Cup appearances under his belt, he has underachieved.His decision to join Brazilian clubs Flemengo and Atletico Mineiro instead of a European Club -- after AC Milan in 2010 -- also raised questions about his career choices. But with Luiz Felipe Scolari back as Brazil's manager, a surprise call-up for him in 2014 can't be ruled out.Ronaldinho, who is in India to promote his movie (R10: Ronaldinho vs The Aliens), is the central character in the film produced by Bala Entertainment International. The movie is set for a May 2014 release.\"I really liked the idea of being in the entertainment industry and there is every chance that I will continue to be a part of it,\" said Ronaldinho.Bollywood stars Salman Khan and Sanjay Dutt were supposed to be at the promotional event. But with Ronaldinho himself present, football fans who endured a two-hour delay were not complaining.Ronaldinho was relaxed and obliged cheering fans with a victory sign after being introduced on the stage.When asked whether he would like to join Venky's-owned team Blackburn Rovers , he was non-committal. \"I hope my friendship with (Blackburn owner) Balaji (Rao) will be lifelong.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-29"}
