{"city": "pune", "code": "17303136", "title": "Has speeding blipped off the police radar?", "text": "PUNE: If the city traffic police records are any indicator, then nobody speeds in Pune. Well, the city traffic police have recorded exactly one case of speeding in the January-September period and slapped a princely fine of Rs 200 on the sole traffic rule violator. In fact, the number of cases cops have booked for speeding over the last two years show a steep decline - from 354 in 2010 to 104 in 2011 to just about one this year.While rash driving has caught the cop's attention, those speeding on city roads clearly have had little to worry about. And keeping cops on their toes are fancy number plates, apart from cases of jumping signals and those of people driving cars without seat belts.Since 2007, the city has recorded an average of around 400 deaths in road accidents. This year, till September, a total of 302 people died in road mishaps as against 417 last year. Speeding may not be the only reason leading to accidents or deaths but are a critical reason given that the number of people who suffer severe injuries in road accidents continues to be high. Last year, 468 people were grievously injured.The city traffic police had itself come out with a comprehensive report on road accidents and its reasons in the year 2009 and had said that the number of mishaps involving two-wheelers was much more than those involving other vehicles. This, the report said, was because a large number of two-wheeler owners drove recklessly and violated speed limits. The report said the number of accidents involving pedestrians was also quite high.City hospitals record a steady stream of accident cases in their emergency rooms, and doctors say the numbers are steadily increasing. Dr S G Joshi of Lokmanya hospital at Chinchwad said that improved condition of roads coupled with poor traffic discipline are adding to accident numbers, the victims more often than not being pedestrians.The Pune traffic police had sought citizen opinion a few months ago on what could be done to improve the traffic situation in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad and a common complaint that emerged then was about reckless driving and speeding, not just on the main roads but in small lanes as well. Citizens said that pedestrians faced maximum risk particularly when they crossed roads.That the traffic police data on speeding violationsand citizen feedback didn't match is now being adressed. The city traffic police, headed by deputy commissioner of police Vishwas Pandhre, have now planned a proper drive against some of the common traffic violations with the hope that people's driving skills would change for good. Speaking to TOI, Pandhre said the traffic branch has been consistently holding drives to minimize traffic violations. He, however, admitted they are unable to take severe action against speeding.\"The traffic police do not have speed guns. We have sent a proposal to the state government,\" he said. Asked if action could be taken in obvious cases of speed violation, Pandhre said speeding is a relative term and can change from individual to individual.Traffic officials say people are getting increasingly reckless while driving, paying little heed to traffic rules. Pandhre said a proper dive is in the offing against common traffic violations such as use of mobile phones while driving, driving or parking vehicles on footpaths, stopping on pedestrian crossings, three persons riding on two-wheelers and not using seatbelts.Another major offence that the police would focus on would be drunken driving. Traffic officials say that not only are vehicle users unaware of the risk of accidents, they also tend to get more argumentative and sometimes arrogant when stopped for traffic violations. In some cases, people have created a scene at junctions holding up traffic, officials said.This may attract fine:** Teenagers riding two-wheelers** Two children being made to sit on the front in two-wheelers in the little space between the petrol tank and the seat.** People driving in the wrong direction. The social networking page of the Pune Traffic Police is flooded with complaints about people driving in the wrong direction.What could be done:** Remedial measures and a mobility plan to be implemented with the help of the state government.** The traffic police recently urged state minister for home Satej Patil to implement trafficop - a project which helped the traffic police in taking effective action against repeated traffic offences when it was implemented as a pilot project for a year. The traffic police have also sought more funds for traffic improvement works.Auto drive", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17301130", "title": "Probe against south corporation commissioner", "text": "NEW DELHI: Councillors are up in arms against the South Delhi Municipal Corporation commissioner Manish Gupta for reportedly violating his eligibility to use public funds. An inquiry has been ordered against Gupta for using an allowance of Rs 1.25 lakh for setting up Camp Office Facilities even though he was reportedly not eligible for it.The Delhi government has approved Rs 1.25 lakh as allowance for IAS and DANICS officers, but as Gupta was posted as additional commissioner on deputation to the erstwhile MCD in 2011, as per Section 89 of the DMC Act he was not eligible to use this fund.\"Why should the corporation bear this expense? The officer should get the camp facilities reimbursed by the Delhi government. Even if this money had been given to him then, it should have been first presenting before the House and only after its approval should it have gone into his account,\" said Farhad Suri, leader of the Opposition.However, Gupta claimed that the allowance doesn't need to be passed by the House. \"I haven't done anything wrong and the inquiry report will prove me right,\" Gupta said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17300726", "title": "No check-doors in Connaught Place building", "text": "NEW DELHI: The 12-storeyed building in Connaught Place that caught fire on Monday did not have fire check-doors, revealed an investigation into the incident by the fire officials.The check-doors ensure that fire and smoke do not spread from one floor to another and that the staircases in the building are not filled with smoke, thereby allowing people to escape using the stairs, said a fire official. The presence of such check-doors could have saved security guard Jai Bhagwan, who died due to asphyxiation while trying to escape using the staircase.\"Smoke also travelled through the electric shafts which were not properly sealed as they should have been, and spread through the building,\" said a senior fire officer.The building owners have been given 15 days to ensure all their fire safety equipment is in place and in working condition. \"During the investigation we found that some fire safety equipment is in place but not functional while other equipment like fire check-doors were missing. We have pointed out several deficiencies in their system and given them a reasonable time to ensure that they are in working condition,\" said director of Delhi Fire Services A K Sharma.Though the Himalaya House building had a fire NOC, as required by the earlier law, most of the equipment had stopped working, which could be due to a variety of reasons said cops. \"There was no water in the pump and the pumps were not functioning. Since the 2010 law does not apply to the building, renewal of license is not required but they are supposed to ensure that the equipment is in working condition,\" said a fire officer. Huge trees growing on either side of the building also restricted access to the building at the time of fire-fighting operations, said officers.A major fire had broken out at the third floor of Himalaya House around 6 am on Monday and the blaze quickly spread to the ninth floor, gutting all the offices in the process. Bhagwan had died while trying to escape from the 11th floor by running down the stairs, but had collapsed between the eighth and ninth floors where he was found by the fire officers. \"The other two guards who had been trapped could have met with a similar fate but they were rescued by the fire officers,\" said an officer.No one has been booked yet in the case of death due to negligence filed at Barakhamba Road police station in this regard. \"We are awaiting the report from the fire authorities. The will be able to explain best who is responsible for the death and whether it is the fault of the building owners. We will make an arrest accordingly,\" said a senior police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17300776", "title": "Homemaker arrested for drug smuggling", "text": "MUMBAI: The Air Intelligence Unit (AIU) on Tuesday arrested a 40-year-old homemaker for trying to smuggle drugs. The woman was on her way to Malaysia and was detained and arrested just when she checked-in at the airline counter.AIU officials said acting on a tip-off, they detained Gopi Janaki who was checking-in at the Malaysian Airways counter. \"She was going to Kuantan in Malaysia. We detained her while she was checking-in,\" said a senior AIU official. AIU officials found 5 kg of ketamine in her suitcase.The drug is valued at Rs 50 lakh in the Indian market. Commissioner, Customs, PM Saleem, confirmed the details. Janaki is originally from Chennai. She alleged that she was forced into smuggling by her family. \"Earlier too, she had acted as a drug carrier.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17301101", "title": "Unidentified commitssuicide on Malad beach", "text": "MUMBAI: The Malwani police found the body of an unidentified man near a beach in Malad on Tuesday morning. According to the police, the victim in his 40s left a suicide note stating that his depression prompted him to commit suicide.\"The note is in English and states that the victim had no relatives and friends. We have recovered a bag from the spot,\" said police officer. \"No grievous injuries have been found on his body and the victim may have jumped into the water,\" he added.Meanwhile, in another incident on Monday evening, an auto driver committed suicide in Vakola.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17303078", "title": "Pune roads to get a new look", "text": "PUNE: The PMC has decided to beautify 38 roads and traffic junctions in the city with greenery and ornamental plants. While lauding the effort, citizens' groups said that the work should not cause inconvenience to traffic and that it should be properly maintained.Ornamental plants and saplings of trees will be planted in the space between road dividers or along both sides of the roads. The PMC will implement the works on build-operate-transfer basis - the private agency will carry out the works and in return it will be allowed to display advertisements. The agency will have to maintain the beautification works for two years. The civic garden department has invited offers from private agencies for the beautification works.Citizens' group Pedestrians First, however, cautioned that beautification plans in the past have failed to deliver the expected results and have caused inconvenience to citizens.Prashant Inamdar of Pedestrians First said the plants on road dividers should not hinder vehicle movement or obstruct view at junctions. Also, it should not block pedestrians' view of the oncoming traffic at crossings.In a letter to the civic authorities, Pedestrians First said the design for traffic islands and channelizers should include proper refuge and path for pedestrians to cross the roads safely. The height of the island or channelizer shall not exceed 150mm. The profile should be designed for smooth and safe traffic flow, the letter says.Inamdar said that functionality rather than aesthetics should be the prime governing factor in any beautification plan. He cited the example of how anti-skid properties, which are important for footpath tiles, were compromised for the sake of aesthetics on the footpaths along FC Road and JM Road. The materials used should be robust and durable. People should be invited to check the materials for giving a feedback. Preferably, the beautification plan should be publicized and citizens should be asked to give their views.Maintenance and repair is of vital importance to keep the facility usable and safe, Inamdar said. Trimming of bushes and tree branches, painting of dividers and channelizers, replacement of damaged tiles, reinstatement of dislocated divider stones and repairing of light fixtures should be carried out on a regular basis, he added.The traffic police had earlier asked the PMC to ensure that plantations along road dividers should not obstruct view of oncoming traffic, particularly near traffic junctions. The traffic authorities had also warned that plantations along roads may attract stray cows and it could result in accidents.BOX.......On the list for beautification* The junction opposite Lalit Mahal chowk on FC road* Satara Road to Bibvewadi chowk* Bibvewadi chowk to Upper Indiranagar* Hotel Blue Diamond chowk (Mangaldas Road)* Pune-Solapur Road* Jhansi Rani chowk to PMC union office chowk (Congress Bhavan Road)* Alandi Road (Bombay Sappers to Vishrantwadi chowk)* Area near Bopodi bridge* Road opposite Shivajinagar ST bus stand* Karve statue to Warje Kakade city road divider* Shivaji Maharaj statue to DP Road, Ashish Garden, Karvenagar* Pashan Road* Pune University chowk* Sadhu Vaswani chowk to police commissionerate* Alankar theatre to Pune railway station* Surya hospital chowk to Juna Bazaar chowk* BT Kawade Road* Seven Loves chowk to Gangadham chowk* Kedari chowk-Wanowrie chowk* Shankarsheth Road", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "17302071", "title": "China imports North Koreans to beat rising wages", "text": "BEIJING: China is tackling labour shortage and rising wages by importing thousands of North Korean workers from across the border. The Chinese immigration has permitted a second batch of 20,000 workers bringing the total number of North Koreans in China to 40,000 in recent months, according to media reports.Most imported labour is women because the North Korean government is wary of political dissidents escaping the country if more men are allowed. Besides, China wants to avoid a rush of North Korean men after violent incidents resulting in the death of some Chinese citizens in past months.Earlier batches of manpower imports from North Korea, which was confirmed by official sources in Beijing, were used in factories in the border cities of Tumen and Huchun in Jilin Province along the Duman River.Most North Koreans have been given \"industrial student\" visas to allow their employers pay lower wages ranging between $150 and $250 a month, according to reports from South Korea, which keeps a close watch on developments in North Korea. This is about a third of the wages of regular Chinese workers.Rising labour prices have caused anxiety among foreign investors and resulted in neighboring Vietnam attracting some of the investments earlier destined for China, observers said. The move to import cheap and usually obedient North Korean women workers is also aimed to keeping project costs low in China.Diplomatic sources in Beijing said China may be violating the United Nation sanctions on North Korea by importing workers, and boosting its economy , because the imported workers will send back hard currency to their families.The new batch of workers are being sent to Dandong area of China's Liaoning province along the Apnok River which separates the two countries.They will work in factories that manufacture clothes, food and IT products, or in mines. The imported workers may include some who lost jobs after South Korea halted trade with North Korea following a naval conflict in 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17302671", "title": "RTO inspectors caught with unexplained cash arrested", "text": "NAGPUR: Two RTO inspectors who had been caught by anti-corruption bureau carrying lakhs of rupees in their vehicle near Gondia check post on November 2 were finally arrested by Kalamna police.ACB officials had stopped the vehicles and the inspectors and found the cash. Police found cash Rs 3.11 lakh from Khanore's dickey and Rs 1.64 lakh from Dasre's car. The raid was set up near Kapsi village on Bhandara road in Gondia.Milind Khanore, a RTO inspector at Nagpur rural RTO section, and Govinda Dasre, a RTO inspector at Gondia, were detained for interrogation. During questioning, the officers managed to hide the truth and said that the amount had been the collection at the check post.Since they did not have any evidence against the officers, ACB sleuths let Khanore and Dasre go. Since then, ACB officials had kept an eye on their movements. During later investigations, Khanore and Dasre failed to give detailed documents of the cash collected from transporters. It is learnt that some of the cash was collected as bribe from transporters.Police said Khanore and Dasre had also claimed that the extra cash had been given to them by friends. However, their friends also denied having given any cash to them.On Tuesday, both officials were arrested for having assets disproportionate to their known sources of income.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17305621", "title": "I don't take myself seriously: Sonam Kapoor", "text": "Actress Sonam Kapoor says she never takes herself seriously and that is why her comments are often misinterpreted.\"I don't take myself seriously. Critics often criticise me personally and my films. Media sometimes misinterpret my statement but I have always taken them positively. Rather, I find them too amusing. I say something about somebody on some context. I never intend to land in a controversy,\" said Sonam, who was in the Capital to launch film-critic Anna MM Vetticad's book \"The Adventures of an Intrepid Film Critc\".Sonam, 27, who is the daughter of actor Anil Kapoor , started her career five years ago with Sanjay Leela Bhansali's \"Saawariya\" opposite Ranbir Kapoor .The film did not do well at the box-office but Sonam says she did not regret her decision.\"I remember how my debut film was criticised by the media. There were reports saying that I should not have done this film ( Saawariya ) as a newcomer. But I have no regrets about it. I did the film because it was based on Fyodor Dostoevsky's 'White Nights', which is one of my favourite short stories. Moreover, I had my childhood friend Ranbir as my co-star and renowned director Sanjay Leela Bhansali making it. I was very excited, so it was not a tough call for me,\" she said.Asked about the importance of critics in her life, Sonam said they play an important part to better herself as an actress.\"I honestly feel we need each other. At the end you need a referee to judge your performance. You need a perspective which might be different from yours. You need the review to better yourself but that does not mean a critic should be too personal to judge a film,\" she added.Sonam will be seen again with Abhay Deol in \" Raanjhnaa\" after \"Aisha\" and has denied the rumours that she has problem with the actor.\"If things were not good between Abhay and I then I would not have worked with him again. He is a good co-star and I love him,\" she said.The film is being made by \"Tanu Weds Manu\" director Anand L Rai. She will also be seen in Milkha Singh's biopic \" Bhaag Milkha Bhaag\" opposite Farhan Akhtar .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17304737", "title": "BJP welcomes Ajmal Kasab's hanging, now want Afzal Guru hanged soon", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP on Wednesday welcomed the hanging of 26/11 attack convict Ajmal Kasab but emphasised that his handlers across the border in Pakistan should also be brought to justice.\"Better late than never. Kasab's hanging will act as a balm on the wounds of the people of Mumbai but their wounds are still fresh. They will get relief only when Kasab's handler's across the border are brought to justice,\" BJP spokesperson Shahnawaz Hussain said.He also demanded that Parliament attack accused Afzal Guru be hanged soon to send across a strong message to the terrorists and instill a sense of fear in them.BJP also welcomed President Pranab Mukherjee's prompt refusal of Kasab's mercy petition.BJP Vice President Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said Kasab's hanging will serve as a warning and a lesson to his bosses across the border.\"The country expects our government to send such strong message and give such punishment to those who have bloodied their hands with the death of hundreds of innocent people,\" Naqvi said.This hanging sends a strong message to India's enemies, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17305293", "title": "Ireland drops three doctors from Savita's death probe team", "text": "LONDON: Ireland has dropped three doctors of the Galway University Hospital from the team that will probe death of Indian dentist Savita Halappanavar , who died due to pregnancy-related complications after being denied abortion.An announcement in this regard was made by Prime Minister Enda Kenny in the Parliament barely within hours of unveiling of a seven-member team to probe the tragic death.Savita's husband Praveen Halappanavar had earlier refused to talk to the investigators, saying he would not consent to their viewing his wife's medical records as three of the Galway hospital's senior doctors were part of the team.\"The three doctors will not be part of the investigation and therefore different personnel who are competent, who are experienced and who have no connection to Galway University Hospital will be appointed,\" Kenny said.Kenny said that the doctors will be replaced by officials who have \"no connection at all\" with the Galway hospital to ensure that the probe remains \"utterly independent\".The decision was taken \"to have regard for the traumatic effect on Savita's husband and family and in the greater public interest at large\", Kenny said, adding that the move , by no way, \"impugns the integrity\" of the doctors.He expressed hope that the investigation will be able to ascertain the truth, facts and circumstances surrounding the \"very tragic\" death of Savita.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17305805", "title": "Harshika gets a new car", "text": "Bubbly Harshika is certainly undergoing an image recast now. The bubbly girl who became an engineering graduate recently and even worked as a software professional for a company for a few months to gain experience of working is now very serious in her profession. She is now getting good roles and the girl with a 1000 watt smile does not want to be listed as a boring heroine any more.\"Well, I want to look hot on the screen and I am trying for such an image,\" says the young girl who is now doing a character with a little bit of negative shades in the film 'B 3'. Another good development in the actress's career is that she has purchased a new Renault Car. If you ask her What is so special for her about possessing this car, pat comes the reply.\"The full value of the car amounting to Rs. 17 lacs which includes the registration and insurance charges were borne out of my own savings. I have earned and worked hard for this price possession,\" says Harshika who owns a new life style car.Harshika says that she chose the colour and opted for the best accessories of the car. \"When I drove the car, I was feeling so overwhelmed that nothing could stop me jumping with joy. I had this car purchased from my hard earned money generated out of my remuneration from films. That was the most exciting moment in my life,\" said Ms. Harshika.\"Earlier I was doing just bubbly girls and sometimes I had to accept sister roles with top Stars. But I think I have passed this phase,\" adds Harshika who is awaiting the release of her films Advaitha, 'Ale' and 'B 3'. She is also happy to have worked with Ramesh Arvind in 'Mangana Kaige Manikya' directed by Rajendra Karanth.Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17302410", "title": "8-year-old killed as fire razes slum", "text": "KOLKATA: An eight-year-old was charred to death in a fire at Sholobigha slum near Santoshpur's Jinjira Bazar on Tuesday afternoon. Locals, however, claimed that four more children were charred and 16 have gone missing after the fire engulfed over 150 shanties in the slum, leaving hundreds homeless.The deceased is yet to be identified. Police have not ruled out a conspiracy.A TOI team visited the spot, which housed 1200 families and is now down to a rubble of debris. Clouds of uncertainty loom over the slum dwellers who lost their homes and have been left on their own since then.Some slum dwellers alleged that three persons \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Rafiq, Nitai Halder and Tahir Mistri \u00e2\u20ac\u201d known to be having close relations with a local influential politican's aides used to threaten them often and asked them to vacate the land. \"Rafiq and his companions used to run illegal liquor business in the slum. Around 12:45pm on Tuesday, Rafiq fought with us and set his hut on fire. We tried to douse the flames but the fire spread and engulfed the rest of the shanties,\" said slum committee secretary Sheikh Shaud.According to district police officials, the fire claimed only an eight-year-old boy. But locals alleged that four more children were charred to death. \"Two boys, aged eight and six years respectively and two girls, aged three and four years respectively, died in the fire. We cannot identify them. 16 children have gone missing since Tuesday afternoon. The fire brigade also came an hour late,\" said Shaud, who along with other slum dwellers had blocked the local railway route in protest. The fire department officials also maintained that 150 shanties were burnt and an eight-year-old was killed. They said that a forensic team would only be able to say how the fire originated.\"My house is burnt and my son is missing. I do not know where will I go from here,\" said Abdul Ghaim, whose four-year-old son Imraz went missing after the fire.According to an official of the fire services department, the slum stands on a railway land where the works for a housing project had started early this year. The slum dwellers were offered a rehabilitation package. However, the negotiation failed as everyone could not be accommodated in the housing complex. Sources in the Maheshtala Municipality told TOI that the homeless people would be rehabilitated to an adjacent land owned by the state government.\"Around 20-25 houses were gutted in the inferno. I do not know the reason behind the fire, but the slum is full of inflammable products and has caught fire twice before. A forensic team will investigate further,\" said Prabin Kumar Tripathi, SP, South 24-Parganas. Train services in Sealdah-Budge Budge line was hit due to the fire. An Eastern Railway official said train services between Brace Bridge and Budge Budge remained suspended from 1.32pm till 8.25pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17304236", "title": "Akhara unhappy with non-repair of roads", "text": "ALLAHABAD: At a meeting of Panchayati Akhara Mahanirvani held on Tuesday, speakers flayed the Mela and district officials for failing to improve civic amenities on roads from where Akhara processions will pass during Kumbh.Media in charge of Akhara Teerthraj Pandey said seers are upset that municipal authorities have failed to undertake repair work at Dhaka Dhak crossing close to the Akhara headquarters.Sewers are choked while garbage is lying unattended at several spots, he added. He said Prabhat Shastri Marg and Nirala Marg are in a pitiable state despite a large gathering of saints scheduled on November 30. This is also creating problems for volunteers residing inside Akhara premises, Pandey said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17304965", "title": "Paan shop owner survives despite 17 internal stab injuries", "text": "SURAT: A paan shop owner has miraculously survived despite being stabbed nine times and having 17 wounds in his internal organs.Doctors at Surat Municipal Institute of Medical Education and Research (SMIMER) describe the survival of Himmat Makwana, 42, as a rare case, given that he weighs nearly 100 kgs and suffers from diabetes and hypertension.Makwana, who owns a paan shop near Rachna Society in Varachha, was attacked by a miscreant on the night of October 29. Makwana refused to give him anything on credit after which the youth stabbed him nine times using a sharp knife. The accused escaped from the location while Makwana was rushed to SMIMER hospital.\"It was a miracle that Makwana with 100 kg weight, diabetes and hypertension survived the attack and reached hospital. We immediately decided to operate him. When we started operating him, we were shocked to see that due to the stabs, his internal organs were badly damaged,\" said Harish Chauhan, a surgeon at SMIMER.Doctors found 17 perforations in intestine, pancreas, diaphragm and stomach. Makwana was stabbed on chest and abdominal parts. The surgery continued for eight hours after which Makwana was kept under observation. Due to heavy blood loss. he was given total 10 units of blood. His condition was critical till Sunday due to overall poor health conditions and kept on life support system till Sunday.However, he has now been declared out of danger.\"Due to various health complications, he will have to stay in hospital for few more days. It was a rare case of survival even after such a brutal attack,\" said Chauhan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17301239", "title": "Rs 2 cr sanctioned for development works in Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: Gurgaon has been sanctioned over Rs 2 crore for assorted development works in the district under the State Financial Commission Plan Scheme. Announcing this on Tuesday, a state government representative said that the grant money is to be utilized by the district's municipal body for various projects that have been lined up here and are awaiting implementation.\"We have released a grant-in-aid of over Rs 35.7 crore for all the districts in the state. The money will be used for development works to be undertaken in municipal areas throughout the state,\" said an official. In total, monetary grants have been issued to around 76 municipal corporations, councils and committees all over Haryana.Faridabad, at more than Rs 5 crore, has received the lion's share of the development grant. According to officials of the Urban Local Bodies Department, around Rs 1.8 crore of the grant money has been sent to Hisar, and Rs 1.7 crore to Ambala district.The new grant bodes well for the city's municipal corporation, which, of late has been hard pressed for carrying out development works here, simply owing to a shortage of funds. Some of the recent municipal projects which are yet to come to fruition include a flyover at the MDI Chowk and an underpass near the Signature Tower.It was reported some time ago that the municipal corporation of Gurgaon had also considered approaching the NCR Planning Board to compensate for this lack of funds.Apart from the money now given out for the financial commission scheme, another official grant was sanctioned to Gurgaon on Tuesday under the state government's social welfare development scheme for the backward classes. \"Under the Development of Scheduled Caste Basti Yojana, Gurgaon has been sanctioned Rs 49.5 lakh for the years 2012-13,\" said another state government official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "17302252", "title": "Girl attempts suicide during exam", "text": "HOWRAH: Fear of failure in a test drove a Class IX-student to attempt suicide in her school in Howrah's Shibpur on Tuesday morning, say police.The teenager threw herself from the second floor just 10 minutes into the Bengali exam. She suffered severe fractures in her legs and hands but is in a stable condition, say doctors.She arrived at the school around 10.50am and the exam started at 11. Just 10 minutes later, she left the hall for toilet. \"We heard a thud and ran to see her writhing in pain on the ground floor. She perhaps jumped from the balcony,\" said a teacher.She was taken to Howrah district hospital and later to Calcutta Medical College. According to her uncle, she was \"puzzled after going through the Bengali paper\". \"Perhaps she feared she wouldn't do well in the test\" said her uncle. ACP (south) Rakesh Singh said police have taken her statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17302544", "title": "Mamata's cabinet reshuffle today, 9 get call-up", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee is set to induct nine new faces in her ministry on Wednesday while dropping seven old hands.If Shashi Panja is the urban face among the newcomers, Becharam Manna is the rural representative. The others include rebel Congress leaders Krishnendu Narayan Chowdhury and Humayun Kabir, who joined Trinamool on Tuesday. Chowdhury may get the irrigation department vacated by Manas Bhunia while Humayun Kabir may become a minister of state.Two ministers \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Shayamal Mandal and Rabindranath Bhattacharya \u00e2\u20ac\u201d are on a sticky wicket though. Party sources said Sunderbans affairs minister Shayamal Mondal may be replaced by Kakdwip MLA Monturam Pakhira. And, with Becharam Manna getting the coveted call-up, it is to be seen if he replaces agriculture minister Rabindranath Bhattacharya. Mamata has often expressed her dissatisfaction at the pace of work by both Mondal and Bhattacharya.Madan, Aroop may get promotionsThe others who have been asked to be present at Raj Bhavan include Giasuddin Mollah, Rajeev Banerjee, Swapan Debnath and Pundarikaksha Saha.Chandrima Bhattacharya, minister of health for the departments of health and law, is likely to get a promotion. A cabinet elevation for her isn't being ruled out though sources indicated she might be given independent charge of a department. She might loose one of her departments in the bargain. Madan Mitra and Aroop Biswas, both ministers of state with independent charges, are likely to be made cabinet ministers. Manjul Krishna Thakur, minister of state in the refugee rehabilitation department, may also get a promotion.State industry and parliamentary affairs minister Partha Chatterjee, who was present at the Assembly when Congress rebels Krishnendu Narayan Chowdhury and Humayun Kabir put in their papers before speaker Biman Banerjee, told reporters, \"It is good that they have joined our party at a time when there is increasing mass support for our leader Mamata Banerjee across the country. Their joining the party would strengthen Trinamool Congress.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17304213", "title": "Pasi to contest from Kaushambi", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Sitting chairperson of Zila parishad Kesri Devi Patel along with present MP from Phulpur parliamentary seat, Kapil Muni Karwariya found place in the list of 4 candidates announced by Bahujan Samaj Party(BSP) from Allahabad, Phulpur, Pratapgarh and Kaushambi seats.Informing this zonal co-ordinator BSP Dr Vijay Pratap, on Tuesday, said that former MP Suresh Pasi would contest the Kaushambi parliamentary seat on BSP ticket while R K Verma has been nominated as party candidate from Pratapgarh seat.Exhorting party workers to galvanise 'bhaichara samitis' at district and city level, he said that spiralling prices of essential commodities and petroleum products along with dismal law and order scenario in the state is bound to provide benefit to BSP in the 2014 parliamentary elections. The target this time is to win at least 60 out of the 80 seats in the state which would facilitate the elevation of BSP supremo, Mayawati as prime minister of the country.He said that present political scenario in the state may advance the dates of Lok Sabha elections which may be held anytime next year and the party workers should remain prepared to face the voters.Party workers and leaders should take the vision of BSP and it's policies to every household in the state which would boost the prospects of the party in 22014 polls, he said.Others present included zonal co-rdinator, Dr Ashok Gautam, Phulpur MP, Kapilmuni Karvariya, Kesri Devi, Puja Pal, Rajbali Jaisal, Harshvardhan Bajpai, Moharram Ali and Asif Jafri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17302163", "title": "Rama Naidu\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcTohfa\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 to be screened at IFFI", "text": "HYDERABAD: The International Film Festival of India (IFFI) being held in Goa from Tuesday will screen the 1984 Hindi film `Tohfa', produced by D Rama Naidu and directed by K Raghavendra Rao, in the `Vintage - a tribute to the masters' section for the delegates on November 25.Though not a single Telugu film has made the grade for screening in the Indian Panorama section, the festival will nevertheless get to see the kind of films big filmmakers from Tollywood can dish out.Rama Naidu, a Dada Saheb Phalke awardee, holds the Guinness record for producing the most number of films in the world. He produced more than 130 films in Telugu, Hindi, Malayalam, Kannada and Bengali.`Tohfa' which featured Jeetendra, Sridevi and Jayaprada went on to become a huge box office hit in Bollywood. \"We made no compromises on publicity for the film,\" Rama Naidu recalled.The filmmaker told TOI that he was happy that his film was being screened at IFFI. \"Though I am happy that my film is being screened at the festival, it's disappointing that no Telugu film has been found fit to be included in the Indian Panorama,\" he said adding, \"I will now have to think of a subject that can bring recognition to the Telugu cinema. I hope I will get a chance to make such a film again.\"`Tohfa' was a Hindi remake of Telugu block bluster movie 'Devatha', starring Shobhan Babu, Sridevi and Jayaprada.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17300924", "title": "Wary of poor work, BMC taps web to award contracts for road repairs", "text": "MUMBAI: In the hope of breaking contractors' firm monopoly, the civic body has scrapped a planned procedure for awarding contracts for repairs of \"ward roads\" and decided to switch to an online system.In the new web-based mechanism, civic officials said, no manual interference will be allowed in the tendering process. Contracts will be drawn, they added, of up to Rs 5 crore for repairs and maintenance of \"ward-level roads\".The corporation took the decision to switch to an online mode after concluding that a proposed procedure devised earlier this year\u00e2\u20ac\u201dcalled road works contract (RWC)\u00e2\u20ac\u201dmay not guarantee quality results. It had invited in July RWC tenders to appoint one contractor per ward. The quotations it received, however, were 38-48% below the schedule rates, casting doubts on whether the effort would be acceptably good.Alarmed by the low bids, the corporation asked the short-listed contractors to undertake trials worth Rs 10 lakh to confirm the feasibility of their promises. The contractors at first opposed the tests calling them illegal but came round in October. The trials are yet to be completed. In the meantime, the civic body realized the RWC system may fail miserably, at least on the quality front.\"It has been decided to scrap RWC. The contractors who participated in the trials will be paid. We will now switch to e-quotations for ward-level road works,\" said additional municipal commissioner Aseem Gupta.Civic officials as well as experts welcomed the new system. They said it will introduce much-needed transparency in conferment of ward-level tenders and, additionally, end the stranglehold of contractors on certain wards. Furthermore, it will encourage competition.\"If there is only one contractor in a ward for road works, he does things the way he pleases. He knows he has that ward for two years. But under the new system if a contractor does not perform well, he can be barred from bidding for another tender,\" said a civic official.Chief engineer (roads) GM Aggarwal said the new web-based mechanism will not permit manual interference in any phase of the tendering process. He added that the BMC will devise a method\u00e2\u20ac\u201dperhaps appointment of third-party auditors\u00e2\u20ac\u201dto monitor the quality of work of contractors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17301601", "title": "Cops arrest 10 Shiv sainiks for vandalism over FB comments, party denies links", "text": "MUMBAI: More than 24 hours after a mob went on a rampage at a hospital to protest against internet comments over the complete shutdown of Mumbai after Shiv Sena supremo Bal Thackeray's death, the local police arrested 10 people for vandalism. While the Sena denied involvement in the attack on the hospital owned by the uncle of Shaheen Dhada, who posted the remark, local police confirmed those arrested from Palghar, a town 80km north of Mumbai, late Monday were Sainiks.On Sunday, Palghar's Sena chief Bhushan Sankhe lodged a complaint against Shaheen, 21, for posting the comment and Rinu Srinivasan, 20, for sharing the comment. The same night, a mob vandalized Dhada Hospital, run by Shaheen's uncle and destroyed the operation theatre and machines. The damages have run up to Rs 18-20 lakh.As demands for action against police officers responsible for the arrest of the girls poured in, the 10 were produced at a Palghar court on Tuesday and released on a surety of Rs 7,500 each, on condition they mark their presence at the local police station every Friday. The men do odd jobs and are all Palghar residents. They were booked for rioting and trespass, besides the Criminal Law Amendment Act and Maharashtra Medical Act.\"All the accused are Sena members,\" said senior inspector Shrikant Pingle in Palghar.However, the local Sena unit denied it. \"The men arrested are merely incensed locals who couldn't control their emotions after they noticed the post online. Sainiks weren't involved in the vandalism, most of us were at Bal Thackeray's funeral at Shivaji Park or watching it on television. Why would we shy away from taking responsibility for an attack had we actually carried it out?\" said Uttam Pimpale, Sena's deputy president in Palghar municipal council.Pimpale added that the arrests actually benefited the girls as the riotous mob \"could even have entered their homes to harm them\".Despite Sena claims, party members from Palghar crowded the courtroom the entire afternoon on Tuesday, concerned about the fate of the accused. They also arranged for two vehicles to whisk away the accused after they got bail.\"We just want peace in Palghar. The girls have already apologized for their comments and we don't want to stretch the matter further. The Dhadas are a well-known family in the city and we wish them well. In fact, Shaheen's uncle, Dr Abdul Dhada, has treated many of us whenever we have been unwell,\" Pimpale said.\"The prosecution had demanded the custody of the accused for procuring names of their associates, to gather more evidence and to ascertain the reason why considerable damage was caused to the hospital. But the court observed that police custody wasn't necessary and remanded the accused to magisterial custody,\" said defence counsel Gopal Barve.Crime and punishmentCharges leveled by Palghar police against those arrested for vandalizing the hospital.Sections of Indian Penal Code143: Unlawful assemblyPunishable with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to six months, or with fine, or with both.147: RiotingPunishable with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to two years, or with fine, or with both.336: Act endangering life or personal safety of others Punishable with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to three months, or with fine which may extend to Rs 250, or with both.427: Mischief causing damage to the amount of Rs 50Punishable with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to two years, or with fine, or with both.451: House-trespass to commit any offence punishable with imprisonment. Punishable with imprisonment for 2 years and fine. Cognizable and bailableCriminal Law Amendment Act: Clause 3, 7Maharashtra Medical Act: Clause 4", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17318462", "title": "World to be 4\u00c2\u00b0C hotter by turn of century", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The world may turn into a hot kettle, with temperatures rising by four degree Celsius, by the end of this century, warns a World Bank report that probed into climate change and rising sea levels across the globe.The WB report predicts extreme heat waves and lifethreatening sea level rise as the adverse effects of global warming, which seemed to be 'tilted against many of the world's poorest regions and likely to undermine development efforts and goals.'Densely populated coastal cities in India would face the brunt due to this rising sea level, putting the lives of people staying along the coast in danger, the report says.The impact of global warming will begin much earlier. \"Coral reefs are acutely sensitive to changes in water temperature and acidity levels. By the time the temperatures increases by 1.4 degree Celsius in 2030, coral reefs may stop growing. This would be a result of oceans becoming more acidic as a result of higher CO2 concentrations. And with 2.4 degree Celsius increase, coral reefs in several areas may actually start to dissolve. This is likely to have profound consequences for people who depend on them for food, income, tourism and shoreline protection,\" it says.The sea levels have been rising faster in the last two decades than previously, and this rise is being felt in many tropical regions of the world. \"This phenomenon is partly due to melting of the Greenland and Antarctic ice sheets; the rapid growth in melt area observed since the 1970s in Greenland's ice sheet is a clear illustration of its increasing vulnerability.\"The report says that arctic sea ice also reached a record minimum in September this year. \"There are indications that the greatest melt extent in the past 225 years has occurred in the last decade and some of the small island states and coastal communities may have to take a hard look at their options.\"Environmentalists said the conservation of green zones in Kerala would play an important role in reducing the greenhouse effect and global warming. \"The state can serve as a model for the rest of the world in preserving its forests and there by mitigating the rise in temperature,\" said G Kunhikrishnan, associate professor, zoology, university college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17301638", "title": "'Polish students taking to cinema'", "text": "PANAJI: Polish cinema is doing well, it's not as recognized as it was 30 years ago, Polish filmmaker Krzysztof Zanussi said in Panaji on Tuesday.Addressing mediapersons on the sidelines of International film festival of India (Iffi), Zanussi, who was awarded the lifetime achievement award at Iffi 2012, said that there are three times more students pursuing filmmaking in Poland than there were in the communist regime.The screenwriter, film producer and author, said, \"The younger generation are very creative people and make very creative films.\" He termed the younger generation of Polish filmmakers as ambitious and serious.He said Poland produces 4-5 movies annually through international co-productions, more than some other European countries such as Czech Republic, Slovakia and Hungary.Zanussi, who is known for movies like 'Illumination', 'The Constant Factor', 'Imperative', 'Persona Non Grata', amongst others, said that filmmaking is very young, compared to other art disciplines. He said deep changes that were occurring are affecting filmmaking in ways that were not always positive.While complimenting Indian cinema on completing a centenary, he said, \"Indian cinema is faithful to the Indian mentality, culture and aesthetics.\" When asked why he held the mainstream Bollywood cinema in high regard, Zanussi said that people must not show disrespect to the masses for poor taste in cinema.He felt that audiences must not be confined to numbers, and filmmaking should also cater to audiences seeking avant garde films.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17302090", "title": "Royalty dispute: Rs 4 crore waiting for Niloufer to claim", "text": "HYDERABAD: In an intriguing twist to the long tale of public dispute involving the ex-royalty of Hyderabad state, it is learnt that Niloufer, daughter of Prince Mukarram Jah, is entitled to a neat Rs 4 crore which is lying with the Nizam's Jewellery Trust.Both Manolya Onur, the third ex-wife of Prince Mukarram Jah, the incumbent titular Nizam, and her daughter Niloufer are fighting for ownership rights over the sprawling Chiran Palace located in KBR National Park, Jubilee Hills, and the $3 million divorce settlement ordered by the family court in Hyderabad. Their claims have been challenged by the former prince in the high court which is yet to hear the case.In the meantime, sources in the Nizam's Jewellery Trust revealed that the Prince Mukarram Jah Fund within the Trust is sitting pretty on around Rs 22 crore. This amount, according to the trust deed, has to be distributed among Prince Mukarram Jah's children. Now that Niloufer is an adult she can claim the money. As far as the Trust is concerned, it has no reservation in giving away the money on completion of some formalities, the sources said.The government of India bought Nizam's jewellery for Rs 206 crore in January 1995.One of the shares of the trust money over the time grew to Rs 118 crore which was distributed among 1,800 beneficiaries belonging to the 'House of Asaf Jahs' in 2002.While the entire money from the sale of jewellery had been distributed, the amount with the Prince Mukarram Jah Fund has remained with the Trust. The Trust transfers between Rs 20 lakh and Rs 30 lakh to a Delhi-based bank identified by the prince every two to three months, the sources added.Vijay Shankar Das, Prince Mukarram Jah's lawyer, conceded about the existence of the fund and said that three other children of the prince have signed the papers to withdraw the money. His daughter Niloufer is yet to put her signature on the documents. \"Once she signs the papers, the money can be withdrawn and distributed among all of them,\" he said.Of the total fund money, two sons of the prince, Mir Azmat Ali Khan and Mir Alexander Azam Ali Khan, would get two parts each, while daughters Shahkyar and Niloufer, one share each. Once the money is withdrawn, the saga of Nizam's Jewellery Trust might come to an end. But the legal battle between the father, Manolya and Niloufer may continue, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17302727", "title": "Arthritis rages this winter", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Has the dip in temperature triggered your arthritis pain? Well then, taking rest and staying immobile are definitely not a doctor's prescription. Rather stay active, for mobility can help relieve the pain.Orthopaedics say inactivity can lead to muscle atrophy (fatigue), which can further decrease joint stability.The cause of severity in pain during winter is \"pressure changes in bones\" during the season. \"In winter, the body may circulate less blood to the peripheral areas to conserve warm blood around the heart. As a result, joints become stiffer, which leads to joint pain,\" says Dr Harinder Batth, an orthopaedic in Mohali. As the temperature decreases, muscles swell and add to the pain. Cramps are also common as the blood vessels constrict. \"We do not advice immobility, as once the muscles swell, these get stretched with the slightest of movement. Moreover, patients should keep themselves well hydrated and stay in warm surroundings,\" says Dr Sudhir Garg, head of orthopaedics, Government Medical College and Hospital.With chill setting in, arthritis patients have modified their routine. Sunita Goyal, 35, who has been suffering from the ailment since 12 years, says, \"The pain increases in winters... my hands too get stiff. And so, I avoid morning walks and prefer these late in the mornings when the Sun is out.\"Even Baljeet Sandhu, 60, has altered his daily exercise routine. \"I have substituted morning walks with stationary cycling to stay active in the season. Besides, I take all measures to stay warm.\" Stressing on lifestyle changes, Dr Manuj Wadhwa, senior consultant at a Mohali hospital, says, \"Overweight can increase complications of arthritis and contribute to the pain. The most effective method of weight management is lifestyle changes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17302873", "title": "HC sees ploy to continue garbage contractors", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka High Court on Tuesday said it is obvious that there is a concerted effort to see that the existing garbage contractors are continued.\"We have no faith in them. What shall we do?'' the bench, headed by chief justice Vikramajit Sen, asked the petitioners about alternatives after they complained of interference by councillors and politicians.\"There are news reports that this commissioner is on his way out. One deputy chief ministers has hinted at this. There are two deputy chief ministers, and each is pulling in a different direction,'' counsel for the petitioners said.\"Only two deputy chief ministers?\" the chief justice quipped.One of the petitioners said the BDA can take up the task in areas formed by it. But the BDA counsel said that they are not in a position to do so.NO ACTION PLAN\"Too much information hides something essential,\" the chief justice remarked when the principal secretary to the urban development department, Amita Prasad, listed various issues and the proposals on hand.However, she candidly admitted that there was no action plan to tackle the issue.Additional advocate general KM Nataraj informed the court that 42 sites for dumping garbage have been identified. The bench wondered why the government identified so many places when the order was for identifying five places.Nataraj told the court that the sites at Anekal, Jigani, Bidarahalli, Sarjapura Road and Gudibande in Chikkaballapur taluk have been identified, totalling more than 720 acres, for waste disposal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17301588", "title": "Maharashtra CM promises strict action to Markandey Katju", "text": "NEW DELHI: Maharashtra chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has assured former Supreme Court Judge and Press Council chairman Justice Markandey Katju that strict action will be taken against those responsible for the arrest of two girls from Palghar, Maharashtra for a Facebook update criticizing the state bandh following Shiv Sena supremo Bal Thackeray's death.Chavan wrote, \"Inspector General of Police, Konkan Range has been advised to enquire in to the matter. He has been asked to submit his report within two days as regards the nature of offence, and the circumstances leading to the arrest of the above persons. The State Government has taken the matter in all seriousness and strict action will be taken against the defaulting personnel, in case a default is established in the enquiry.\"He further wrote, \"Appropriate action against the people responsible for the arrest of the girls will be taken upon getting the enquiry reports of the IG Police, Konkan Range.\" The chief minister was responding to the two e-mails that Justice Katju had sent to him on Monday. In his mails, Justice Katju admonished the chief minister for the arrest of the girls and demanded immediate action.Reports came in on Monday of the arrest of the two girls from Palghar, a town 87 kilometers to the north of Mumbai. One of the girls, Shaheen Dhadha, had posted a Facebook status update criticizing the fact that the state shut down to \"honour\" Thackeray. A friend of hers had \"liked\" the status. Both were arrested under section 505 (2) of the IPC and 66A of the IT Act, and were released on bail hours after the arrest. The arrests sparked off a debate on freedom of speech on both social and mainstream media.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17304764", "title": "Scribes lead discussion to demystify communal clash", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A team comprising senior journalist Saeed Naqvi, besides O D Singh, Ranjana Kakkar, Padma Singh, Alok Kumar and Shams Vikas visited Faizabad and adjoining villages on November 18 and 19 and talked to a cross section of the city's population.On November 18, they held discussions in Faizabad and on November 19 visited Bhadarsa, Lalpur, Shahpur, Phoolpur and Islamabad and talked to more than 100 persons. They also met advocates in the Faizabad court. Citizens were forthcoming in sharing their experiences and interacted with the team openly.The team came to the conclusion that to term what happened in Faizabad last month as communal violence would be misleading. In Faizabad, as in Ghaziabad, Kunda and other places in UP earlier, anti-social elements attempted to divide communities with provocation and trivial crimes such as eve-teasing were used to arouse communal passions. The story appeared in the media on October 24 raising tension, while there was no clarification published next day as the press was closed for Dussehra, followed by Eid on October 27.With the theft of idols of Kali, Laxmi, Saraswati from Devkali temple in Sept 2012, rumours were doing the rounds in Faizabad.Yogi Adityanath demanded recovery of the idols and threatened to shake the foundations of Faizabad (in a manner of speaking). A posse of policemen searced through a Muslim enclave in Azamgarh, but fortunately the idols were recovered elsewhere near Kanpur in possession of four Hindu youths on October 22.The team added that throughout the 10 days of Durga Puja celebrations, provocative slogans were raised but no concrete steps were taken by the district administration to check it. Provocative slogans were raised again during the possession of Durga Puja. The procession passes through gates of the old town and passes by an ancient masjid built in 1778, which has served as a symbol of Hindu-Musliim amity. Hindu women used to climb the stairs of the masjid to shower petals on the Durga procession and the idol. Why the organisers barred women and children from the ritual was questioned during the discussion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17301349", "title": "Rs 150 crore land of actors' union in legal tangle", "text": "CHENNAI: A controversial proposal to develop an 18-ground property worth 150 crore belonging to the actors' association, Nadigar Sangam, on Habibullah Road in T Nagar, slipped deeper into a legal quagmire, with the Madras high court staying the operation of a lease deed between the office bearers and a multiplex developer.Justice Vinod Kumar Sharma on Tuesday granted the interim injunction on a civil suit filed by Poochi Murugan and P A Kaja Mohideen. \"The respondents [office-bearers] have sought time to file a counter. The case is adjourned to December 18. In the meantime, there shall be an interim injunction,\" the order said.The Nadigar Sangam Charitable Trust, formed in 1987 to provide assistance to its 3,000 members from the film, drama and television industries, is supposed to have nine members to run its affairs. However, it now has only two members, actor-MLA R Sarathkumar and his brother-in-law Radha Ravi.In his capacity as general secretary of the sangam, Radha Ravi gave general power of attorney to R Sarathkumar on August 6, 2010. Sarathkumar executed a lease deed in favour of Radha Ravi over the property. On November 25, 2010, they executed a separate lease deed of the property in favour of M/s SPI Cinemas. The proposal was to develop a multiplex at the site for a consideration, which, the present applicants said was too low.The present suit, alleging lack of transparency and threat to the property belonging to the association, asked the court to restrain the actors as well as the multiplex developer from giving effect to the lease deed and from carrying out any construction at the site.Last month, while granting leave to file the suit, Justice K Chandru had commented that all was not well with the Nadigar Sangam. He had said: \"The fact that one of the two trustees executed a long-term lease deed in favour of the other trustee itself shows that the trust and its property are being grossly mismanaged. All is not well with the way the trust is functioning.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17305155", "title": "Date of Ajmal Kasab's hanging decided by court: Shinde", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde said 26/11 convict Ajmal Amir Kasab's file with the President's decision rejecting his mercy petition was signed by him and sent to the Maharashtra government on November 8 itself.Kasab, he said, was hanged on the date pre-decided by the court. Shinde added that the due diplomatic process was followed before hanging Kasab. This included sending a fax, through the ministry of external affairs, to the Pakistan foreign office. Islamabad did not acknowledge the fax, though New Delhi has retained its delivery report and had sent the same to Maharashtra authorities. A courier was also sent to Kasab's recorded Pakistani address in Faridkot village in Okara district. A receipt of the courier is also with the government.\"Since Pakistan has not come forward to acknowledge India's messages on Kasab hanging or to claim his body, his burial had to be done here,\" Shinde told newspersons this morning.The MHA recommended rejection of Kasab's mercy petition on October 16 and forwarded the same to President Pranab Mukherjee . Mukherjee sent back the file, accepting the MHA advice, on November 5. \"I was out of the country then for the Interpol meet in Rome . I returned on November 7 and found the file on my table. I signed and sent it to Maharashtra government on November 8,\" said Shinde.The home minister rebutted suggestions that the hanging was deliberately timed ahead of start of winter session of Parliament, saying that the hanging schedule had been pre-decided by the court.When asked if Kasab's burial in India could be a reason for trouble - as was apprehended by US forces after they killed Osama bin Laden , leading them to bury him at sea - Shinde ruled it out completely. \"India has suffered too much and seen killing of 162 people over three days of war against humanity,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17301678", "title": "Should women panchasbe disqualified if their male kin interfere in panchayat matters?", "text": "Yes, of course. This is actually a fact that when a ward is reserved for women, most women contest because their husbands have told them to do so. The women that allow their male kin to interfere in the affairs of the panchayat, when he is not an elected representative by all means need to be punished. The consent to meddle in official matters is certainly given by the woman at the beginning itself, when she gets elected. It has been witnessed several times that once the wives are elected, their husbands come forward to assert their authority.David Aguiar, student, ColvaYes, women panchas/sarpanchas are only there for namesake. Their husbands hold the real key. This is a common problem not just in Goa but all over India. And the common man has to suffer. The general public is put to inconvenience because of the relatives/kin of elected representatives who interfere in public affairs, which is completely against the law. So, yes, those women panchas/sarpanchas who allow this to take place must be disqualified immediately.Vijay Prabhudessai, professor, CurchoremYes, I strongly believe that such panchas or sarpanchas should be disqualified. There are many such examples that take place in North Goa, though it is a little difficult to prove this at the ground level. If they want the women reservation quota, then the women should learn to rule well and respect her post or else she does not deserve to be a leader.Chandrakant Baban Shinde, teacher, PernemThis scenario of one's kin meddling into official affairs whether male/female has to be stopped. The one elected should follow the rule of law. They need to respect the authority they have been given, and they have to use that authority rightly. Often, decisions in official matters are taken on the basis of the personal interest of the elected representative.Kashvi Malik, HR executive, Sanquelim", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17302997", "title": "Shivam Dubey double ton boosts MbPT", "text": "MUMBAI: Shivam Dubey smashed 243 (171b, 24x4, 15x6) as Mumbai Port Trust scored 438 against B Arunkumar in their Times Shield 'B' Division match at the National cricket ground, on Tuesday. In reply, B Arunkumar were struggling at 55 for four. At Fort Vijay, Jiniv Joshi hit 175 to help Serco Global Services reach 399 against Bank of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17301102", "title": "South corporation loses Rs 64L in compounding fee", "text": "NEW DELHI: It is often a herculean task to obtain a completion certificate. However, even as they issued 25 certificates from October 2008 to December 2010, the corporation 'forgot' to charge compounding fee as per the 2007 circle rates and charged according to the rates prevalent in 1998-200, resulting in a revenue loss of Rs 64 lakh.Compounding fee is paid on the property where unauthorized construction takes place. The owner pays the fee as per the prevailing circle rates to regularize the unauthorized portion.\"It is very difficult to obtain a completion certificate as one or the other objections are raised by the corporation official. Even when some managed to do so, they were charged wrong rates. But if they were charged less fee on purpose or by mistake, the official should be answerable,\" said Farhad Suri, Leader of the Opposition, South Delhi Municipal Corporation.The issue was raised inthe standing committee meeting held on Tuesday. When the commissioner was questioned, all he had to say was \"I don't know.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17300356", "title": "Ranji Trophy: Delhi, Baroda play out a dreary draw", "text": "NEW DELHI: Bizarre and negative tactics by Baroda put paid to all hopes of a thrilling day's play as they and Delhi finished their Group B Ranji Trophy match with a point each on Tuesday.The hosts needed 347 more on the final day to take the first innings lead and three points on a placid Ferozeshah Kotla track. However, Baroda made sure that Delhi batsmen found runmaking arduous by employing seven fielders on the on-side and asking their leading pacer to bowl wide outside the leg-stump in the first hour of the day's play.The result -- this is the third match in two weeks of the Ranji season where the first innings could not be completed after four days of cricket. The hosts ended the day on 505/6, 56 behind Baroda's 561. It's a fit case for BCCI's technical committee to reflect on and review.Resuming the day at 215/3, Delhi's perennial go-to men, Mithun Manhas and Rajat Bhatia , knew they had to hold their ends. It was up to the visitors to challenge them. The challenge, however, never came as Baroda were not really interested in taking wickets. The senior pros helped themselves to centuries as Baroda skipper Ambati Rayudu went on the defensive straightaway. Manhas (106) and Bhatia (133*) made batting look easy while putting up a 133-run partnership for the fourth wicket.However, there was some drama after lunch when Manhas and Punit Bisht were snared by the left-arm spin of Bhargav Bhatt . And when Manan Sharma (17) was caught behind off Gagandeep Singh in the third over after tea, Baroda had a slim chance of bowling Delhi out and claim the first-innings lead. All that fizzled away soon. With no from the pitch, Bhatia and Sumit Narwal safely negotiated the remaining overs and soon the misery was over for everyone but not before Narwal decided to have some fun and hit Bhatt for 22 in one over.While the Delhi management felt they were left helpless given the 'negative tactics' adopted by Baroda, the visitors insisted they played to their limitations.\"The pitch had absolutely nothing in it. If we had declared earlier, then Delhi would have been laughing at us with three points. If we had Irfan and Munaf with us, we would have declared earlier. But we knew, we didn't have the bowling to penetrate this batting lineup,\" Baroda coach Sanath Kumar said.Coming out with a solitary point from a home match wasn't the ideal end for Delhi. \"This isn't exactly what we want to play on. We have asked the curator to prepare two pitches for the next game against Tamil Nadu starting on Saturday,\" coach Vijay Dahiya said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17300319", "title": "Eight states debarred, five cleared at National Football Festival", "text": "KOLKATA: Five states, including hosts Bengal, were on Tuesday cleared to continue in the under-12 and under-13 trials at the National Football Festival in Kalyani after their participation was initially under the cloud following over-age complaints.According to AIFF sources, Bengal, Uttar Pradesh, Karnataka, Maharashtra and Manipur were given the \"benefit of doubt\" after a fresh round of MRI scans of the 'suspected' players failed to conclusively establish them as age-cheats. However, eight of the 26 participating teams -- Pondicherry, Rajasthan, Bihar, Assam, Himachal Pradesh, Orissa, Tripura and Uttarakhand -- were not so lucky and have been debarred for fielding over-age players.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17302229", "title": "March 2013 date for Noapara Metro", "text": "KOLKATA: By the end of March 2013, Metro Railway will have commissioned its 24th and largest station at Noapara.This station, nearly 2.6km north of Dum Dum, will be a modern building and have four platforms. It will not only connect people living around Sinthi to the network, but will become the hub for the Metro's expansion plans towards the northern suburbs.\"Work has already started to lay the tracks. For this, we have been forced to reduce the frequency of existing trains. The track-laying will be completed by December 2, after which normal schedule will resume. The new station will be slightly elevated, about eight metres from the ground level, as trains will take an upward route towards the airport and Dakshineswar after leaving Dum Dum in the future,\" said Protyush Ghosh, DGM(G), Metro Railway.Apart from six escalators and the same number of stairs, Ghosh added that there will be three elevators for the benefit of people with physical disabilities.The station will have an island platform (with platforms at either side) and two side ones. The dimensions of each platform will be 180m x 5.5m which is larger than the existing ones.While trains between Kavi Subhas and Noapara will use the island platform, the side ones will be used for those moving between Kavi Subhas and Barrackpore (via Dakshineswar). There will be two more tracks to move trains to the sheds.\"At a later stage, this station will become the nerve centre of the entire network. The Metro network is expanding towards the north and once all the projects are completed, Noapara will be the central point. Trains from there will move to the south towards Kavi Subhas. Towards the north, trains from Noapara will move towards two separate directions. While some will move towards the northwest and go to Dakshineswar before proceeding towards Barrackpore, others will go towards the northeast, cross the Bagjola canal and reach the Airport before moving towards Barasat,\" Ghosh said.According to him, the station will be commissioned well before completion of the stretches to Barasat and Barrackpore to facilitate movement of people living beyond Chiriamore on BT Road.Chiriamore is the point that connects BT Road to the Dum Dum station. When the new station comes up, residents around Sinthi and up to Bonhooghly will be benefited.At present, there are many people from as far as Dunlop who travel by road up to Dum Dum to avail of the Metro. They will no longer have to do so when the new station comes into existence.However, this may also add to the number of commuters handled by Metro daily. As it is, the number of commuters is likely to go up from next week with the New Garia Halt - an interface between the Eastern Railway's south suburban section and Metro \u00e2\u20ac\u201d being thrown open on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17300583", "title": "Bank to pay Rs 1L for refusing fresh cheques", "text": "NEW DELHI: A district consumer forum has asked the American Express Bank to cough up Rs 1lakh (Rs 50,000 each) as collective compensation to a couple for \"causing harassment and more loss by unnecessary correspondence\". The order was passed by the Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum after Ved Prakash and his wife Raj Pawar filed a complaint saying the bank had refused to refund or issue fresh cheques in place of the ones that were reported missing in Australia.\"The opposite party bank should have fulfilled the promise by issue of fresh cheque, so that the complainants in a foreign land did not have to face hardship, anxiety and mental agony. They have not appreciated this and failed in rendering perfect services in case of loss of cheques,\" said the order passed by president of the forum C K Chaturvedi.The commission also asked the bank to return Rs 4,60,760 to each of them, an amount that Prakash and Pawar lost as traveller's cheques in Melbourne. Both had purchased traveller's cheque from the bank worth 10,000 Australian dollar each before leaving for Australia. The couple in two separate complaints to the commission claimed that two traveller's cheques of amount Rs 4,60,760 each were reported missing from Pawar's bag when they reached Melbourne in January 2011.\"They immediately informed the OP bank over the customer care and reported the matter to police as the same was insisted before issuing of fresh cheques,\" added the order. The couple alleged fresh cheques were not issued even after they returned to India, and in May 2011 they were told the refund cannot be made, and in case the lost cheques were recovered by the complainant or a third party, the payment would be made to them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17301352", "title": "Pay wages to workers in bank accounts, HUDA to contractors", "text": "GURGAON: If the HUDA administrator had his way then private contractors engaged in sanitation work by HUDA would have to deposit wages in the bank account every month.The decision to introduce the new system of wage payment was taken in a review meeting held on Monday in which the HUDA administrator, Praveen Kumar, passed out the instruction to contractors to start working on the new system.\"HUDA will help opening bank account of the construction workers who are working in Gurgaon. The details will be passed on to the contractor who will deposit the wages directly,\" Kumar said.He said that the department would try to have zero balance account of the employees of the contractors, with facility of ATM card. The new system, he said, would weed out financial discrepancies in payment of wages by the contractors. \"The construction workers are paid monthly wages cash by the contractors and this system needs to be changed. The contractors should not have any objection to this,\" said Kumar.HUDA has engaged several contractors for carrying out sanitation work in residential sectors. The contractors are paid for the work in each sector in the city. The new system has already made contractors unhappy. \"The workers mostly belong to other states and are part of floating population, so having payment of wages through would not be feasible,\" said a private contractor, on condition of anonymity. The HUDA officials, however, rejected the floating population argument.\"There is nothing wrong in paying wages directly in bank account of the worker. In all the central government scheme, the financial benefits are directly deposited in the bank accounts,\" said another HUDA official.There are over 500 employees working in different sectors for different contractors in Gurgaon. The entire exercise of opening the bank account would not take more than a month. The authorities would opt for any corporate or state government bank for opening the accounts of workers. HUDA officials claimed that the new system will weed out illegal payments. \"The bank payment of wages will help in monitoring the exact payment made by contractors and tax deductions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "chandernagore (hooghly)", "code": "17302297", "title": "Mamata Banerjee eyes tourism along Hooghly", "text": "CHANDERNAGORE (HOOGHLY): On a whirlwind tour to Chandernagore, the town that has decked up for Jagaddhatri puja, chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Tuesday explored the possibilities of improving tourism facilities in the erstwhile European colonies.The chief minister, who opted for a catamaran ride on the Hooghly to reach Chandernagore, was accompanied by Kolkata mayor Sovan Chatterjee during the tour.Mamata enquired how tourism can be promoted in a big way all along the river bank which has been witness to some significant historical events during the colonial rule in India. She also saw the land allotted for the film city at Uttarpara and asked Chatterjee to expedite the process.On reaching there, she went straight to inaugurate the Urdi Bazar puja which stepped into its 50th edition this year. Significantly, the puja is organized by Trinamool MLA Ashok Sau. After inaugurating the puja, the chief minister said, \"It appears that Chandernagore has become mini India with people pouring into this festive melting pot from different parts of India and the world. Just not to put people into trouble, I came by the river. I came here in 2010 and because of me, there were traffic snarls.\"In her short speech, Mamata emphasized that she attends all religious programmes as she champions true secularism. \"I have learnt to respect all religions,\" she said.But the fact that she did not visit any other pandal has left other puja organisers disheartened. Some of them were actually expecting the CM and had made all necessary arrangements to welcome her. Some of the well-known pujas are Bagbazar, Barobazar, Tetultala and Laxmiganj Bazar. The Laxmiganj Bazar puja used to be patronised by the Raja Krishnanchandra of Krishnanagore.While Mamata and the puja organizers had a good time, all the district officials like district magistrate Manpreet Nanda and superintendent of police, Tanmoy Roychowdhury, were virtually on their toes until Mamata left for Kolkata.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17302049", "title": "2 more set themselves ablaze in Tibet", "text": "Tibetans agitating for the return of their spiritual leader the Dalai Lama continued to put pressure on China's new leadership with two more protesters burning themselves to death Tuesday, taking the number of self- immolation attempts to over 80 in recent months. Two Tibetan herdsmen had died in self-immolation in provinces of Qinghai and Gansu in northwest China, state-run Xinhua news agency reported on Tuesday. Tsering Dongdri, 35, died after setting himself afire on Tuesday in the bordering area of Amchok Township in Xiahe County of Gansu. In a separate incident, in Qinghai, a 25-year- old man was reported dead due to self-immolation. The man, in Kangtsa village, Xunhua, set himself ablaze in his brother's house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "17302295", "title": "Land of Noida Extension villages to be acquired again", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: The Greater Noida Authority has started the process of acquiring land afresh in Noida Extension villages, including Shahberi where the Supreme Court had scrapped land acquisition which had hampered several housing projects in the region. Confirming this move, Greater Noida Authority CEO Rama Raman said that a team of officials has started a survey so that the process can be completed.The Supreme Court had last year quashed the 2007 notification of the UP government to acquire 156.3 acres of land in Shahberi village. The bench had also imposed a fine of Rs10 lakh on Greater Noida Industrial Development Authority (GNIDA) and directed it to return the land to its original owners.The Authority has started measuring the land of Shahberi and Patwari villages. \"We are measuring the land as per khasra numbers and have to inquire and verify from farmers if the plots belong to them. It will take another month to get a clear picture. The team will go to the villages and check documents of the farmers,\" said a senior official of Greater Noida Authority.Meanwhile, this news has brought a reason to cheer among homebuyers and developers whose money is stuck in the controversial land deal. \"This decision will give a positive outlook in the realty market. The initiative will also help in developing the region till the Yamuna Expressway,\" said Amit Gupta, Assocham member.CREDAI (western UP) vice president and Supertech CMD, RK Arora, said, \"Funds of several developers are stuck in various projects in the region. If the land is allotted again to the developers, we will pass the benefit to homebuyers.\"After the Supreme Court judgment, Greater Noida Authority had issued notices to farmers of Shahberi and Patwari villages asking them to return compensation money in return for the 156 hectares land. Around 131 of the 300 farmers of Shahberi had accepted compensation to the tune of Rs 17.5 crore. There are a number of farmers who have still not returned the compensation money to the Authority.Realty experts say that the Authority's task is not going to be an easy one. \"The Authority will have to follow instructions of the Allahabad high court. Also, it will have to pay hiked compensation and developed land as per court directions and cannot pressure the farmers into parting with their land,\" said Amit Gupta, MD of Orris Group.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "panjim", "code": "17306332", "title": "Govt defends Ajmal Kasab hanging; says wrong to question timing", "text": "PANJIM: Government on Wednesday denied that defended that 26/11 terrorist Ajmal Kasab's hanging was timed before the winter session of Parliament.Responding to questions information and broadcasting (I&B;) minister Manish Tewari said that the message being sent to people is that perpetrators of the terrorist attack in Mumbai have been brought to justice.When asked about the timing of Kasab's execution Tewari said, \"To look at timing of the hanging is not right. The message being sent is that if India and its citizens are attacked, appropriate action will be taken.\"He added that the decision underlined that a dastardly attack had taken place killing innocent people. \"Law has taken its course. This shows if India is attacked, the perpetrators will be brought to justice,\" the minister said on the sidelines of IFFI function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17305503", "title": "Sonu returns as host on TV after 17 years", "text": "He shot to fame as the charming host of 'Sa Ra Ga Ma Pa' in 1995. While his good looks ensured that he was an instant click with the ladies, his vocal talent catapulted his career to dizzying heights as a playback singer. And 17 years down the line, Sonu Nigam , when approached to host the awards ceremony of a channel's 20th year, gave an instant nod without batting an eyelid, much to the delight of the creative team of the channel from where he started his career.\"I can never thank enough the ones who gave me a break. So, when the team approached me to return as a host for the awards, I looked at it as a way of expressing my heartfelt thanks,\" said Sonu. The singer went out of his way to ensure that the segment he was hosting at the ceremony was lively and entertaining. Not only did he involve himself with the writing and improvising of the script as an anchor, he even composed and sang an original song as a mark of tribute to the channel. His wife Madhurima designed his look as the host.The event, which will be aired later, saw Sonu making a grand entry on a bike; he was a rockstar from the word 'go'! He had the audience in splits as he learnt a Bhojpuri item song from Laali ( Ratan Rajput). It was only after the event was over that he revealed his mother wasn't keeping well and that he wouldn't be able to attend the after-party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17306373", "title": "Rajan Khan\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s famous novel now on reels", "text": "Nitin Tendulkar, son of poet Ramesh Tendulkar, elder brother of cricketer Sachin Tendukar has already made mark in the world of poetries. He is now turned as lyricist and penned songs for Marathi film based on veteran novelist Rajan Khan's famous novel 'Sat Na Gat'. Recently muhurt of the film was held by a song recording penned by Nitin. The song was rendered by Shankar Mahadevan on the music composed by Pravin Kunwar.Sai Sagar Films International banner presentation, produced by Renuka Shankar Mitkari, Manoj Agrawal and Ramkumar Gugale, the film is directed by Raju Parsekar. The title of the film will be announced very soon.The film stars Mahesh Manjarekar, Bharat Jadhav, Pakhi Hegde, Vaibhav Mangle and Sayaji Shinde. Line producer Mangesh Jagtap, screenplay written by Arvind Jagtap. The film will go on the floors soon.Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17301344", "title": "Users switch to email after texting hitch", "text": "CHENNAI: Jayshree Raveendran, who is hearing impaired, is dependent on text messages and emails to keep in touch with friends and colleagues. In the past few weeks, the founder of Ability Foundation, an organization working on disability rights, has had trouble getting in touch with her colleague Janaki Pillai after text messaging services between two rival mobile service operators got hit.As the spat between Bharti Airtel and Aircel over termination charges for SMS (short message service) continues, a number of consumers have started finding alternative means of communication. Users like Jayshree Raveendran, caught in the crossfire, are resorting to other modes of communication, including emailing. \"It is convenient to message as those with hearing impairment cannot conduct conversations on the phone,\" says Raveendran.Before she started emailing, there was confusion as the operators didn't inform consumers that the messaging service was down. \"I didn't know which service provider my friends use and was puzzled at the lack of response,\" she says.The trouble started nearly two weeks ago when Aircel customers could not send messages to Airtel users and vice versa. The two companies could not come to an understanding over the charges paid by one operator to the other while transmitting SMSes. Soon, Aircel started blocking SMSes from Airtel. Tamil Nadu is Aircel's biggest circle with 22.3 million customers while Airtel has 13.7 million subscribers here.Some Aircel users like Janaki Pillai are using two phones to keep in touch. \"It is a nuisance. If I want to send phone numbers to others, I have to copy them to the other phone,\" says Pillai.For mothers like K Latha, instant messaging services like WhatsApp are coming in handy. \"As I got delayed today, I wanted my friend to pick up my son. I messaged her and realised that she has an Airtel number and sent her a message on WhatsApp,\" says Latha. But this method is not reliable when there is poor connectivity. \"Sometimes, WhatsApp messages reach me late. So I end up calling people,\" she says.According to publisher Vincent D'Souza, operators should inform users as SMSing has become an essential form of communication. \"When operators can send several messages during festivals like Diwali, they should have the courtesy of informing people when the service is affected,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17300593", "title": "Plastic ban to begin with carry bags only", "text": "NEW DELHI: The ban on plastic bags will finally be imposed in the city on November 23 but for the time being, only carry bags will be outlawed.The ban, notified in October, says that no person shall manufacture, import, store, sell or transport any kind of plastic bag in the area that makes up the National Capital Territory (NCT) of Delhi. It stipulates that no person, including a shopkeeper, vendor, wholesaler, retailer, trader and hawker, shall sell or store or use any kind of plastic carry bag for storing or dispensing eatables or non-eatable goods or materials. However, in the absence of viable alternatives, government officials said that they cannot clamp down on packaging material and will only start with carry bags.\"Nothing is likely to change overnight but this time we are hopeful that the ban will be more effective. More agencies have been roped in to carry out raids and we will start by making examples of big stores and shops to discourage others from using the bags,\" said an official from the environment department.Manufacturing of plastic bags will also come to a complete halt in the capital from Friday. \"This is one area where we will not allow any leniency. The manufacturers have gone to court with the issue but so far there are no directions and we will proceed as per our law,\" said the official.This is the second effort by the Delhi government to ban the plastic bag. In its first attempt in 2009 it had failed to make any dent in the usage of plastic bags as monitoring has been the sole headache of the Delhi Pollution Control Committee.\"The department continues to be short of manpower which is why more agencies have been roped in. Certain segments like big stores will also be monitored first. Our idea is not to imprison or fine people and also do not want the law to turn into a tool for harassment for small vendors and shopkeepers,\" said a government official.The earlier version of the ban had implied that no plastic bags, including packaging material was to be permitted. This included garbage disposal bags, carry bags without handles and plastic bags used in grocery stores for storing spices and pulses. With no clear alternative in mind, the government will be holding a meeting with stakeholders to decide on the implementation of the ban.\"We have switched to bags without handles for selling meat but are still not sure whether this is permitted or not,\" said Abdul Qureshi, a meat seller in Lakshmi Nagar. Others like Bhim Singh who runs a small dhaba in east Delhi have switched to plastic containers.\"It is slightly more expensive but so far we haven't had the need to hike prices. Int e long run we may have to consider that option,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17301885", "title": "John Abraham wants to act in Malayalam films", "text": "KOCHI: A Mollywood-Bollywood entertainer is on the cards with Bollywood hunk John Abraham expressing his wish to work in a Malayalam movie. John, who spent time with actors Mammootty and Dileep at the latters' film location in Fort Kochi on Tuesday, revealed his plans to act in a Malayalam movie. \"John was all praise for Malayalam movies. He promised to initiate a discussion on doing a Malayalam film. Once we zero in on a suitable story, we will surely work it out,\" actor Dileep said. Meanwhile, people of Fort Kochi had a unique opportunity of witnessing a star get together after John came to watch the filming of 'Kammath and Kammath' in which Mammootty and Dileep play the lead roles.John Abraham is in the city for shooting his film 'Jaffna', whose location is completely set in Kerala. John went to the location of 'Kammath and Kammath' at Fort Kochi around 1 pm and spent 90 minutes with the actors. In his chat with Mammootty and Dileep, John reminisced the days he spent at Aluva during his childhood.\"He spoke about his Kerala connection. His grandfather belonged to Aluva. He was named after his grandpa. When John came to know that Dileep also hails from Aluva, he expressed his comradeship by hugging Dileep. John's grandpa had migrated to Shimoga from Aluva,\" said Anto Joseph, producer of the film.Showering praise on Malayalam films and its technicians, he listed out the movies that he had seen. He added that his mother, who was not a Malayali, was a great fan of Malayalam movies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "nagapattinam", "code": "17302269", "title": "DMDK MLA held for trying to block train", "text": "NAGAPATTINAM: A DMDK MLA was taken into custody in Mayiladuthurai in Nagapattinam district as he tried to stop the Tirunelveli-bound passenger train. The legislator, Arul Selvam, was protesting against the closure of one of the two ticket counters at the station without any notice, even as hundreds of people were waiting in a queue.\"It was not planned and whatever happened was impromptu because the people were suffering,\" Arul Selvam told TOI. Selvam alleged that one of the two counters was closed all of a sudden and a woman in the queue fractured her hand as she fell down after fainting. \"So I decided to stop all the trains that passed through Mayiladuthurai. The district collector, Munusamy, spoke to me over the phone and assured me that henceforth both the counters would be kept open and I gave up my agitation,\" he clarified.Arul Selvam said he was having tea in a nearby stall when some policemen came up to him and said that he was under arrest. When he asked them the reason, he was told that the police were just carrying out instructions from the higher officials. He was taken to a marriage hall and was released at 6pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17300672", "title": "Acting on Gadgil report will hit coastal development: CM", "text": "MUMBAI: The implementation of the Madhav Gadgil committee report on the Western Ghats will bring development in four coastal districts of the state to a complete halt and lead to social tensions, said chief minister Prithviraj Chavan.Chavan, along with his cabinet colleagues, met members of the Dr K Kasturirangan panel set up by the Centre to examine the Western Ghats Ecology Expert Panel (WGEEP) report on Tuesday at the Sahyadri state guest house.\"If the WGEEP report is implemented it will affect business and developmental work in the four coastal districts. It will adversely affect construction of new roads, rail routes, development of ports, housing and industries and even means of livelihood,'' Chavan said. The report directly affects 50 talukas in the Konkan, Chavan told Kasturirangan. The districts include Sindhudurg, Ratnagiri, Raigad and Thane.The committee chairman, Dr K Kasturirangan, while assuring the chief minister that the state's concerns would be taken into account, said, it is expected that the government would chalk out development plans keeping the region's biodiversity in mind. Kasturirangan said a report will be submitted to the Centre by February 16, 2013.\"The WGEEP is a well-researched report on how to protect the biodiversity in the Western Ghats but there is a need to take a re-look at some of its recommendations,'' he said.Meanwhile, Madhav Gadgil said, \"The current development is an imposition where the stakeholders have not been taken into confidence. If development decisions are based on the rule of law and through a democratic process, it will be pro-environment and pro-people.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17301147", "title": "Coalgate scam: CBI quizzes Congress MP Vijay Darda's son", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI on Tuesday questioned son of Congress MP Vijay Darda, Devendra Darda, for nearly four hours in connection with alleged irregularities in coal mine allocation to JLD Yavatmal Energy Limited.The agency had on Monday questioned Devendra along with his cousin Rishi, son of Maharashtra minister Rajendra Darda, CBI sources said. Devendra, who was a director in the company and also an accused in the case, was questioned again on the links between the Lokmat group, owned by the Dardas, and the accused firm.Devendra was asked about information given by them at the time of filing the application and related documents. He was also asked about partnership with Jayaswal brothers, who are also accused in the case. He was also asked about his father's alleged role in helping the company to get the coal block in Chhattisgarh.In its FIR against JLD Yavatmal Energy Limited, CBI has named Vijay Darda along with Devendra, and other former and present directors, including Rajendra, Manoj Jayaswal, Anand Jayaswal and Abhishek Jayaswal.The agency has booked Devendra in another case which relates to alleged irregularities on the part of AMR Iron and Steel that got Bander coal block in Maharashtra. In its FIR in the case, CBI alleged JLD Yavatmal, in order to establish its claim for the coal block, had fraudulently claimed in the application form that it has been jointly promoted, controlled and managed by the Lokmat Group and IDFC Limited and furnished the net worth of Rs 2544.19 crore of IDFC and Rs 73.38 crore of the Lokmat Group in its support.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "17301664", "title": "People hit by mining hold protest march", "text": "BICHOLIM: Around 150 mining-affected villagers from Velguem, Pale and surrounding areas marched from Velguem to Pale and back; a distance of 18km to and fro; in protest against the attitude of the authorities concerned in giving them justice.The agitators shouted slogans against authorities, holding banners in their hands whilst walking.The agitators shouted slogans such as khan grastancho aawaz (voice of mining affected people) and chuk kelea konim, shiksha bhogta kon? (People are being punished for mistakes done by others).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17302822", "title": "Postal Life Insurance eyes untapped market", "text": "BANGALORE: Backed by her husband who told her to take her career to a different level, B Jansi Rani forged ahead in her chosen field of insuring people. Rani has won accolades every year for her services to the Postal Life Insurance (PLI) department in Tiruchirapalli in Tamil Nadu.This year, at the PLI national awards for outstanding performance by individuals, she swept up another one for overall performance. It is her third national award, and she travelled to Bangalore to receive the award on Tuesday.\"Postal work is monotonous and when I joined the PLI sector in 2006, I thought it would be challenging and interesting to meet people and understand them and their financial position, and convince them to take an insurance policy. It is hectic and I often go out of town for work, leaving my children with my husband, who is the pillar of my career,\" she said.For R Venkadesan, it has become a habit to receive national awards for generating the highest revenue for the department. This developmental officer at Trichy circle of Tamil Nadu earned a whopping Rs 111 crore over the past year. \"The term of this post is five years, but my term has been extended twice due to my capacity to generate revenue by selling insurance policies,\" he says with a humble smile.Venkadesan's secret: his customers are king. Even when he's home with his children on Sundays, he finds time to attend to them, and balance work and family.Then there's Hema Ram from Durg district in Chhattisgarh , who's mobilized over 12,200 people in 10 villages in his state. \"I work in office from 6am, travelling to villages around to talk to people and convince them on insurance policies. The confidence they have in me has helped me win this award,\" said Ram. He earned Rs 31.25 crore in business this fiscal. He is also an agriculturist and grows vegetables and rice on his 20 acres.PLI stands at second position after Life Insurance Corporation in the insurance sector, but is way behind in terms of business and market share. \"A market survey reveals that around 80% of the country's population is still uninsured which means there is great potential in the market,\" said Faiz-ur-Rehman, chief general manager, PLI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "krishnagiri", "code": "17303244", "title": "TNSTC bus driver falls off vehicle that crushes him to death", "text": "KRISHNAGIRI: In a freak accident that took place in Krishnagiri district late on Monday night, a government bus driver fell off a moving bus and was crushed to death under its wheels.The deceased has been identified as P Shajahan (53) from Ariakulam village in Dharmapuri district. He was a bus driver working for Tamil Nadu State Transport Corporation (TNSTC), Salem division.His fatal journey began at 10pm from the Krishnagiri bus stand. The bus was heading towards Karuthamarampatty, also in Krishnagiri district. Nearly 40 passengers were in the bus. When he was nearing old Payanapalli, a two wheeler rider suddenly crossed the road. To avoid hitting the vehicle, he swerved the bus to the left. A soil hump on the road side left the bus slanting towards the right. This sudden elevation caused the bus door to open. At this point, Shajahan slipped off his seat and fell off the bus. As the bus was still in motion, the rear wheels crushed him to death, said bus conductor S Mathu. The bus eventually hit a tamarind tree and came to a stop, police sources said. None of the passengers were injured.The conductor immediately informed higher officials and Krishnagiri Dam police who rushed to the spot and sent the body to Krishnagiri government hospital for autopsy. \"Based on the conductor's complaint we have registered a case and an investigation is going on,\" police said. Mathu said that the bus driver was actually going slowly when the accident happened.Initial police interrogation revealed that Shajahan was suffering from depression and was on a 15-day medical leave recently. \"Two weeks ago, when Shajahan was on his way to Krishnagiri, he rammed a tree on the roadside near Veppanapalli. Two passengers were injured and Shajahan sustained minor injuries. After the accident, he had applied for the medical leave. He had joined duty only on Monday,\" said an official of TNSTC on conditions of anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17304522", "title": "It's a victory for the country: Special public prosecutor Nikam on Ajmal Kasab hanging", "text": "MUMBAI: Homage has been paid to all those who lost their lives in the 26/11 attack by the hanging of Pakistani terrorist Ajmal Kasab , special public prosecutor Ujjwal Nikam, who appeared for police in the case, on Wednesday said.\"It is victory for the country. By hanging Kasab, we have paid homage to all those policemen and innocent persons who lost their lives,\" Nikam said.Kasab was hanged this morning at Pune's Yerwada jail after his mercy petition was rejected by the President on November 5. Two days later, Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde signed on the file. It was sent to the Maharashtra government on November 8 and November 21, today, was fixed as the date of execution.Kasab was awarded death penalty by a sessions court in May 2010, which was upheld by the Bombay High Court last year and the Supreme Court thereafter.\"By Kasab's conviction and death penalty, we have proved how the entire conspiracy was hatched in Pakistan . We have set an example that India will not tolerate such attacks and the accused will be brought to justice,\" Nikam said.Nikam appeared for the prosecution in the sessions court and high court and assisted senior counsel Gopal Subramanium in the apex court.Kasab and nine other Pakistani terrorists had landed in south Mumbai on November 26, 2008 after travelling from Karachi by sea and had gone on a shooting spree at various landmarks, killing 166 people, including foreigners.While Kasab was captured alive, the other terrorists had been killed by security forces.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17300816", "title": "Work on to make station toilets disabled-friendly: Government", "text": "MUMBAI: The Union government on Tuesday told the Bombay high court that it is in the process of providing disabled-friendly toilets at railway stations across Mumbai.A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Anoop Mohta was hearing a petition filed by NGO India Centre for Human Rights &amp; Law, seeking facilities and accessibility for disabled persons in suburban locals in Mumbai.Additional solicitor general Kevic Setalvad informed the court that the Central Railway would initially set up these toilets at Dadar and Bandra stations. He said Western Railway is also in the process of providing such toilets for the disabled. \"Tenders are being issued to carry out works for making the trains and stations disabled-friendly,'' said Setalvad, adding that a court appointed coordination committee is looking into the issue.However, the NGO's advocate Abhishek Jebaraj said while the railways are speaking of issuing tenders for the disabled-friendly moves, they should give a status update on the measures being undertaken. He said there were issues such as alignment of trains with the platforms due to the height difference. \"There is a big gap in height between the platform and footboards of the trains at certain stations, causing danger to disabled persons,'' said Jebaraj. He added that wheelchairs cannot enter many of the disabled coaches. Setalvad submitted that the many of the coaches were old and measures cannot be taken overnight.After hearing both sides, the judges adjourned the hearing, directing Setalvad to put his statement to the court on an affidavit for the record.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17302356", "title": "10 arrested in petrol bomb attack case", "text": "MADURAI: Police have arrested 10 people for hurling petrol bombs on a van near Madurai on October 30, following which six people died.While five people were arrested few days back, five others have been arrested and sent to remand on Tuesday. Police identified the arrested as C Chandrasekar, 20, R Sonayya, 20, P Nagaraj, 20, V Balamurugan, 18 and Muthukaruppan, 20. Police said that inquiries have revealed that few more people were involved in the attack and a hunt has been launched to nab them.On October 30, when a group of men from Puliangulam village in the outskirts of the city were returning after a visit to Pasumpon village in Ramanathapuram to participate in the Muthuramalinga Thevar Guru Pooja, petrol bombs were hurled on their van. Even before the men could jump out, the van went up in flames and all the passengers suffered severe burn injuries. They were rushed to the government hospital as well as other private hospitals in the city. However, six of them succumbed to the injuries sparking tension in the region.The police immediately formed five special teams to nab the culprits. The police first arrested Ramar, the prime suspect in the case and later four others. Subsequently, five more have been arrested.During interrogation, the arrested people have reportedly admitted to the have hurled the petrol bombs in a bid to intimidate the men returning from Pasumpon. They told the police that they were hiding in the dark on either side of the highway waiting for the vehicles. As soon as they saw the van, they surrounded it and hurled petrol bombs from all sides, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17305297", "title": "Jalpari goes to the Oscars", "text": "Nila Madhab Panda's 'Jalpari' is going places. After winning the MIP Junior Kids Jury Award at Cannes and receiving the Audience Choice Award in Minsk International Film Festival in Belarus, the film has now been submitted as a direct entry to the Oscars.The movie based on the various predicaments that a girl child encounters in rural India, also addresses the divide between rural and urban India. \"About 17 Indian films are competing for India's official entry in the foreign film category, but unfortunately, only one film can go. Jalpari's original story and concept are the USP of the film. It has a blazing subject combined with powerful performances which makes it worthy of a direct entry for the Academy Awards,\" said Sushil Kumar Agrawal, producer of the film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17301168", "title": "Travel bar on HIV patients affecting global economy: UNAIDS", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nearly 25 years after HIV was detected in India, travel restrictions continue to bar patients from free movement through nations. HIV-related travel restrictions at present exist in 45 countries.The Global AIDS Epidemic 2012 report, released by UNAIDS on Tuesday, says that the effects of such restrictions are severe for migrant workers, who play an increasingly prominent role in the global economy.There is a blanket ban on entry of people living with HIV in five countries \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Brunei Darussalam, Oman, Sudan, the UAE and Yemen.Five other countries \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Egypt, Singapore, Iraq, Qatar and Turks and Caicos Islands \u00e2\u20ac\u201d require individuals wishing to stay for short periods (10-90 days) to prove that they are HIV-negative.Laws in 20 countries, including Malaysia, Russia, Singapore, Jordan and Kuwait, deport individuals discovered to be living with HIV.Even in the epidemic's fourth decade globally, nearly four in 10 countries worldwide still lack any specific legal provisions to prevent or address HIV-related discrimination.The number of international migrants rose from 191 million to 214 million between 2005 and 2010.The report says that the six members of the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) - Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia and the UAE - all mandatorily test people seeking to come to the Gulf countries to work and require them to be periodically tested to renew visas.\"Those who become HIV-positive while working in the Gulf are often quarantined, deported, denied appropriate health care and ostracized upon returning to their home countries. Migrants' HIV-positive test results are shared with all approved by the medical centres in the Gulf Cooperation Council, with such workers categorized as \"permanently unfit\" to enter any Gulf Cooperation Council country in the future,\" the report said.India lifted all travel restrictions against HIV-positive patients in 2010.In 2002, the Union health ministry had issued a notification, stating that mandatory test for HIV for India-bound foreign nationals should be removed from visa forms. However, some embassies failed to enforce it, and continued to display the requirement of HIV test certificate on their websites as well as on visa forms.On September 17, 2010, the ministry of external affairs (MEA) clarified that there are no travel or residency restrictions for People Living with HIV (PLHIV) coming to India.UNAIDS says that most of these restrictions were imposed in the early years of the epidemic, when little was understood about HIV prevention and effective HIV treatment did not exist.\"In 2012, governments increasingly recognize that these restrictions make no sense in a world in which HIV exists in every country, people living with HIV are living long and productive lives and equal freedom of movement is not only a human right but essential in a globalized world. Of note is the decline in the number of countries, territories and areas with HIV-related travel restrictions from 96 in 2000 to 45 in 2012,\" UNAIDS said.UNAIDS aims to eliminate these restrictions by 2015.Since 2010, Armenia, China, Fiji, Namibia, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Moldova, Ukraine and the US have repealed such restrictions. Where such restrictions continue to exist, other forms of HIV stigma and discrimination are usually common.The World Health Organization (WHO) pointed out that such entry restrictions mount pressure on people into concealing their HIV infection from immigration authorities.\"They simply do not carry their HIV medicines on international trips. This could lead to drug-resistant HIV strains that are transmissible to other people. Besides, drug resistance allows HIV to replicate in the body more freely, people with higher viral loads are also more infectious,\" WHO said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17302021", "title": "David Cameron friend, former aide face bribery charges", "text": "LONDON: British PM David Cameron's former spin doctor Andy Coulson and ex-News International chief executive Rebekah Brooks will be charged as part of the probe into alleged corrupt payments to public officials, the Crown Prosecution Service announced on Tuesday.Former News of the World royal correspondent Clive Goodman will also be charged, alongside Coulson, with two conspiracies relating to the request and authorization of alleged payments to public officials in exchange for information, including a royal phone directory known as the \"Green Book\". It contained contact details for the royal family and members of the household.Brooks, who was editor of Rupert Murdoch's the Sun newspaper and a family friend of Cameron, is facing charges, along with former 'Sun' chief reporter John Kay and ministry of defence employee Bettina Jordan Barber.The three are accused of a conspiracy to commit misconduct in public office between January 1, 2004 and January 31, 2012. It relates to information allegedly provided by Barber to the Sun in return for payments of around 100,000.So far, 52 people have been arrested as part of Operation Elveden, two of whom - a retired police officer and a former journalist - have been told they will face no further action. A counter-terrorism detective had already been charged and is due to face trial in January.Detective chief inspector April Casburn is accused of leaking information to the now-defunct 'News of the World' about the police inquiry into whether to reopen the investigation into phone hacking. The five will appear at Westminster magistrates' court on a date to be fixed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17302339", "title": "Students exhorted to read more books", "text": "TRICHY: District collector Jayashree Muralidharan on Tuesday exhorted students to read meaningful books and also started a signature campaign to commit oneself to the habit of reading. The collector was roped in to create awareness about the benefits of reading, among the public, particularly students on the occasion of the 45th National Library Week celebrations here.As part of the programme, the collector interacted with a large number of students who were passing through the busy Chatram bus terminal in the morning. The students were taken by surprise as the collector volunteered to talk to them at the bus stand and then persuaded them to start reading meaningful books.\"This was necessary because the reading habit of the students and youth in the district is abysmally low,\" said district library officer, A P Sivakumar.The collector also made the students repeat slogans like: Let us take pride in becoming members of a nearest library; let us read at least one hour a day; Let us enrol all in the family as members in a library and Let us gift only books.Ironically, in a city that has two million people, only 30,000 have opted to become members to use the library free of charge. The district has 59 branch libraries, 64 village libraries, four part-time libraries and one mobile library and most of the books in these libraries are gathering dust.The district library that is at present functioning from a dilapidated building would be shifted to a new building in a fortnight. The new library near the famed Main Guard Gate near Teppakulam would have seating for about 1,000 people and another 250 people would sit in the reference section. A competitive exam centre for those preparing for civil service exams will also be set up. There will also be a knowledge centre with seating for about 20 people with facilities to browse the internet.Meanwhile, Thuraiyar MLA Indira Gandhi on Monday went on a bicycle to create awareness about the habit of reading. She was joined by a large number of students from the Sudharsana Polytechnic College. She said that Thuraiyur branch library that functions in a rented structure would get a new building at an estimated cost of Rs 48 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17302604", "title": "Cops turn a new leaf, mind their Ps and Qs", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If the beat official in your area, traffic cop or any other policeman is being sweet, leaving you confused, remember he is trying to break the image of being harsh and insensitive. This is by no means a whim.Authorities are actually training police personnel in the art of etiquette. Senior police officials feel this will add to police efficiency by helping cops inspire confidence among the people.\"We want to bridge the gap between the Chandigarh police and the common man. People should be able to approach us without fear. Therefore, we are working to instill basic mannerisms of speech and conduct among the force. We want police personnel to be able to effectively control any situation by remaining polite and without offending anyone,\" deputy inspector general of police Alok Kumar, said.According to Kumar, the special modules have been designed to cater to the requirements of different departments and training sessions are on these days. There are specific courses for different departments like the cyber wing, crime cell, beat officers, police stations and the traffic wing, explained Alok Kumar.\"We have seen several cases of public outburst at the police and we have evaluated these cases. Through our soft-skills training programme, we are trying to remove the shortcomings of the local police. This will enable them to implement law and order effectively through word of mouth, without using force,\" Kumar stated.Police personnel will now get valuable tips on behaviour, stress management, anger control, personality development, confidence building, mannerism, etiquette and civic sense. The course has been divided into two to four-week duration. Police personnel have been beaten up by angry mobs on several occasions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17300541", "title": "Booking community halls to get costlier", "text": "NEW DELHI: Holding weddings in south Delhi is set to become costlier as the municipal corporation plans to double the booking rates of A-category community halls. South Delhi Municipal Corporation has increased the rates from Rs 15,000 to Rs 30,000 for one hall each in west, south and central zones on a trial basis.The move comes as part of efforts to revamp community halls by installing airconditioners, upgrading firefighting equipment and toilets and setting up a modern kitchen.The facilities will made eco-friendly and remodelled after addition of new spaces. In addition, they will be made disabled-friendly. There are 90 community halls of different categories.For the time being, rates of halls in Green Park, Rajouri Garden and Mahavir Vatika will be revised.That's not all. Apart from the rent, those booking the hall will have to pay an additional charge for airconditioning. \"We have decided that those who want to use the airconditioner will have to pay for it over and above the rent,\" said Kiran Dabral, additional commissioner, South corporation.The officials are of the view that most of the marriages in south Delhi take place in big farmhouses and hotels, and only the lower-middle class books community halls for wedding. By upgrading the halls, the corporation hopes to attract more people.But the deliberative wing isn't happy with the idea. \"There are chances that the ACs will not work due to poor maintenance, and the corporation will end up spending double the amount it is charging. Each building is worth over Rs 2 crore, and the corporation has been charging Rs 10,000-15000 as rent. And after installing airconditioners worth few lakhs, the rates have doubled. This doesn't make business sense,\" said Farhad Suri, leader of the opposition.The corporation officials, however, say they decided to install airconditioners after getting several requests from the residents.\"The public and their representatives have raised the demand for airconditioned community halls. The mayor, too, desires that the halls be upgraded,\" Dabral added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17306284", "title": "I\u00e2\u20ac\u2122d be happy if it\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s a terrorist free world: Ragini Khanna", "text": "26/11 terrorist Mohammed Ajmal Amir Kasab was hanged early this morning in Pune's Yerwada jail. After a four year wait, mixed reactions are pouring in from all over the country. In an exclusive, TOI.com gets the reactions of some of Television's top celebrities.Karan Tacker- Well I'm glad the law of our country has finally acted as quickly on something. Justice shall prevail.Karan V Grover- I am very glad that our government took this step. It should have been done long ago. But it's better late than never.Karanvir Bohra- I'm glad there has been justice. It's late but justice still prevailed. I only wish our judicial system becomes more efficient.Ragini Khanna- Finally is all I can say! We waited too long. Don't know why we even waited? I want to know why we spent so much money on him. It could have been used for the development of the country. His can never make up for people's loss and their psychological trauma. You can hang Kasab but where is the change in society? If it's a terrorist free world, I'd be happy! Four years later, people have already moved on. Something should have been done earlier.Aditya Redij- I feel justice has been finally done. Kasab got the punishment that he deserved. It may not compensate for their loss, but the affected families will finally breathe a sigh of relief!Aamir Ali- It should have been done long back. You can't get away with something so inhuman. Justice finally.Hiten Tejwani- The day he was captured, he should have been hanged that day itself. Nevertheless, Congratulations to everyone and justice has been done.Ashish Chowdhry- In these four years of awaiting and looking upon Kasab's sentence, I can bet lakhs of new Kasabs were born. Problem lies there. Rejoice when that stops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17300972", "title": "Facebook outrage: Activists demand probe, women\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s commission seeks detailed report", "text": "MUMBAI: The Thane (rural) police have come under scrutiny for arresting two young women from Palghar over an online post against Sunday's shutdown in Mumbai and its neighbourhood.Even as the state women's commission called for a detailed report from the Thane (rural) superintendent of police, lawyers and activists questioned if the police buckled under political pressure and acted against the girls.Former bureaucrat and advocate Abha Singh filed a complaint before the Maharashtra State Commission for Women (MSCW) on Tuesday asking for a probe into the matter. \"The police seem to have violated the law by detaining the two women late in the evening, when no woman should be detained,\" she said, asking the commission to summon records of the case and check if the guidelines for detaining women at night were followed. \"Departmental action should also be taken against the police if they are proven guilty of violating the law,\" she demanded.Shaheen Dhada (21) and her uncle, meanwhile, said while she was detained late in the evening, the arrest was carried out the next morning. Shaheen and her friend Rinu Shrinivasan (20) were arrested for the former's online comment on the shutdown. \"Such behaviour reflects the Talibanization of the state. It is a wrong trend and if not checked now, it will only embolden those who can use force to achieve their ends. This case shows that not only freedom of expression, but one's life and reputation are also at stake,\" said Singh.MSCW chief Soumita Biswas was away in Kerala and did not answer calls for comment. Her representative said they would decide on the course of action after receiving a full report from the Thane (rural) SP. In Delhi, National Commission for Women member Nirmala Samant Prabhavalkar said, \"Now that chief minister Prithviraj Chavan is seized of the matter and plans to probe the role of the Palghar police, we should await the findings. As a lawyer, I feel the intention of the person posting the comments is crucial in such cases. Courts will have to determine whether the women meant to engender communal hatred.\"Advocate Flavia Agnes said the incident indicated that the police were acting under fear and pressure.\"Everything went peacefully and the police did a good job of maintaining law and order during (Bal Thackeray's) funeral. However, in Palghar, the police failed to follow the law. They acted under pressure and detained two women at night. Everybody has the right to express his/her opinion. The (Shiv) Sena has hurt many sentiments in the past. Why should a 21-year-old be stopped from voicing her opinion? The events of that day send out a very wrong message,\" said Agnes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17302783", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation spending more on water supply under pvt operator: Arya", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation's (NMC) expense on water supply increased to a great extent after handing over operation and maintenance to private operator. This revelation was made by NCP leader Vedprakash Arya, who claims to have obtained the information under RTI.A former corporator, Arya told the reporters that NMC's expense on water supply increased to Rs 122.19 crore in 2011-12 as against Rs 83.15 crore before that. \"NMC, in reply to an RTI query, informed that the revenue was Rs 85.29 crore in 2010-11. It means that the NMC's water works department was in profit. But the department plunged into huge loss if one considers the figures for 2011-12. NMC said that the revenue in 2011-12 was Rs 77.31 crore as against expense of Rs 122.19 crore. Private operator Orange City Water Private Limited (OCWL) - a joint venture of Veolia Water and Vishvaraj Environment - took over water works from November 2011,\" he said.Arya added that the expense on water tankers too increased to a great extent after handing over water supply to OCWL. \"NMC's data revealed that the expense on water tankers was Rs 20.72 crore in 2011-12 whereas it was only Rs 7.67 crore in 2010-11. All this proves that NMC is incurring huge loss due to private operator. The NMC should scrap the contract and take back the water works as public money is being wasted to fill the pockets of private companies,\" he said.Arya also alleged that there were irregularities in giving the work order to OCWL.Despite repeated attempts, S Hastak, executive director of Nagpur Environmental Services Ltd (NESL), a NMC subsidiary supposed to monitor city's water supply, was not available for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17304731", "title": "Why IT professionals prefer BYOD at work", "text": "GURGAON: Many IT companies are encouraging BYOD (bring your own device) to work. According to an industry survey, firms feel that with techniques like desktop virtualization their earlier concerns like data theft and network problems have been addressed and therefore they are adopting the idea of employees bringing their own devices to work.The study, which surveyed 1,493 IT and business leaders in India and China, shows that IT leaders are increasingly embracing BYOD in their enterprises. This study was part of networking solutions provider Cisco's initiative to understand acceptance of BYOD among global IT companies in 18 industries.Employees are turning to BYOD because they want more control of their work experience, leading to more productivity and job satisfaction. They want to work on the device with which they are most comfortable.Their second desire is to choose when they do what. They want the flexibility to undertake personal activities while at work and to do their work during nontraditional work periods such as nights and weekends. Finally, they want freedom to use the device the way they see fit, including which apps to download.\"The new generation employees are using all kinds of devices, including smartphones and tablets. They feel uncomfortable working on systems given by their IT department. The smartphone penetration is very popular in India,\" saidMahesh Gupta, vice president, Borderless Networks , Cisco India and SAARC. \"The companies are now in a post-PC world where the network must accommodate new choices at every layer of the stack. These include traditional, mobile, and social applications; multiple operating systems; various server architectures; and mobile devices ranging from tablets to smartphones and other mobility tools,\" he added.The study confirms that BYOD a global phenomenon. \"We found that it is not simply about device usage, but freedom and innovation. It empowers employees to innovate using the tools with which they are most comfortable-how and when they want to work. BYOD also implies new challenges in security. The proliferation of these mobile devices in companies is a fact of life, and this means IT needs to change the way it manages devices. This growth in mobility affects data security, access control, platform maintenance, application support, and much more.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "mumbai/new delhi", "code": "17300418", "title": "Facebook post on Thackeray: Maharashtra CM Prithviraj Chavan under pressure to sack cops", "text": "MUMBAI/NEW DELHI: The furore over the arrests of two Palghar girls, who had lamented on an internet post the shutdown due to Shiv Sena supremo Bal Thackeray's funeral, snowballed into a larger national controversy on Tuesday with the Union home ministry seeking a report from the Maharashtra government. The Information Technology ministry is also looking into whether it was proper to charge the girls under the IT Act.In Mumbai, the Maharashtra government said on Tuesday that the inspector-general of the Konkan was expected to complete his inquiry into the arrests and submit his report by today. Both chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and home minister R R Patil said that unless they received the I-G's report, it would be wrong to take action against erring police officers. \"Give us some time, we are waiting for the report of the Konkan I-G. We will take such action against the erring officials that the entire police will remember it for a long time,\" Patil promised.\"The inquiry will look into whether the arrests were warranted and whether the sections applied were correct,\" said Patil. Chavan said, \"We will take stern action against the erring police officials. No one will be spared.\" However, both Patil and Chavan stopped short of saying if any police official would be suspended. There have been calls from several sections of society for action against the cops for arresting the Palghar girls Shaheen Dhada and Rinu Shrinivasan, both 21. Shaheen had uploaded the post, while Rinu 'liked' it.Chavan has also assured former SC justice and Press Council of India chairman Justice Markandey Katju that strict action would be taken against those responsible for arresting Shaheen and Rinu. The Palghar police charged them with attempting to promote hatred between groups and using a communication device to send a grossly offensive message.Katju had on Monday written to Chavan asking for action against the police.While the police arrested the girls within hours of the facebook post being uploaded, it was only on Tuesday that they arrested 10 men for vandalizing Shaheen's uncle's hospital. Dr Abdul Dhada's hospital was vandalised at around 9.30pm on Sunday night. The police levelled several IPC charges against the 10, including rioting and endangering the life of others, and also pressed charges under the Criminal Law Amendment Act and Maharashtra Medical Act. Patil said, \"The IG's probe will also investigate the vandalism.\"Palghar Shiv Sainiks denied on Tuesday that the 10 alleged vandals were members of the party. However, the Sainiks were present during the court proceedings and took the accused away in vehicles after they got bail. The vandalism led to Rs 10 lakh in property being destroyed.After the girls' arrests, people across India took to internet and other fora to decry the \"death of democracy\". There were calls for the men who ransacked the hospital to be prosecuted, the girls to be compensated for their mental agony and for the policemen who effected the arrests to be punished.Both the CM and Patil said it was time to take a fresh look at the IT Act. \"We have to study if the comments on facebook are private or public. When the IT Act came into force, the concept of facebook was not in existence,\" Chavan said. However, minister of state for communications and IT Milind Deora said the issue was not about amending the IT Act, but preventing its misuse by the police. Deora said, \"If I had been 22 years old, I would be afraid to live in this city. What city are they building in Mumbai? Is it a society built on fear or do they want it to be liberal? The police should act without fear and not buckle under pressure from any politician.\" He called for an independent inquiry into the girls' arrests.Both girls Shaheen and Rinu have been frightened by the entire episode. \"I have apologized because I want peace and harmony,\" said Shaheen, who took down her post on Sunday itself and apologized on Facebook. \"But this has been a nightmare,\" she added. \"The treatment meted out to us was unfair.\" She added that somebody from California had hacked her Facebook account. \"I have registered a police complaint mentioning that I will not be responsible for whatever is posted through the fake account,\" she said.When chief minister Chavan was asked why he was waiting for the I-G's report when DGP Sanjeev Dayal had already submitted a preliminary report to the home department saying the arrests were uncalled for, Chavan reiterated that action would be taken only after the I-G gave his report. \"My government has taken serious note of the entire incident. Those Shiv Sena workers who vandalized a local clinic have been arrested and stern action will taken against those who take the law into their own hands,\" Chavan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17302871", "title": "Mercury shoots up, getset for a wet weekend", "text": "BANGALORE: Wondering why you are blowing hot and cold? Blame the city's notoriously fickle weather. The mercury shot up by two degrees suddenly in the wee hours of Tuesday. With the nip in the air lost, Bangaloreans literally had to discard their woollens.There is some good news though. The increased temperature is certain to contribute to cloud formation, culminating in rains the coming weekend, the weatherman has forecast.The city, which has been in the grip of a severe cold wave for five consecutive days, turned warmer as Tuesday wore on. The maximum temperature shot up from 27 degrees celsius to 30 degrees celsius, while the minimum temperature was 17 degrees celsius, four points higher than Monday's recording.\"The depression over West-Central Bay of Bengal has weakened into a well-marked lowpressure area and now lies over the same area. The system would move towards south Andhra and north Tamil Nadu coast and weaken further during the next 48 hours. This is the reason behind the sudden rise in temperature,\" said B Puttanna, director, Bangalore Met department.The increased temperature will lead to cloud building and bring rain. \"We can expect the northeast monsoon showers from Friday, which is likely to continue over the weekend,\" predicted Puttanna. The maximum and minimum temperatures are likely to rise by a couple of degrees more in the next two days but there will be fog early morning, he added.Meanwhile, minimum temperatures rose at several places in south interior, north interior and coastal Karnataka, but places like Davanagere remained cold with mercury touching 9 degrees celsius for the second consecutive day on Tuesday.ForecastMaximum, minimum temperatures likely to riseWill lead to cloud formationRain likely over weekend", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17302705", "title": "'Drought can be tackled through proper planning'", "text": "NAGPUR: We may have accepted the shoddy public utility services and delayed projects as a part of our 'system' today. The beginning of it all was when the government tried to work around the severe drought of 1972, believes DM More, president of Maharashtra Sinchan Sahyog.More was in the city, recently, to deliver a lecture on 'How to tackle drought' that was organized jointly by city chapters of Institution of Engineers (India), Association of Consulting Civil Engineers, Indian Water resources Society and Sinchan Sahyog.\"Many parts of our country, especially the rural ones, are perpetually short of water. Summers are spent in struggling to cope with this shortage. It is not that we have less water, but we lack planning,\" said president of Sinchan Sahyog SS Doifode, explaining the relevance of the topic. He also said that with proper planning the water received during monsoon can be stored and used throughout the year.Talking about the problems that arise due to drought, More said that four things become scarce during this time. They are drinking water, cattle feed, foodgrains and employment. \"One of the major droughts was happened in 1972. To tackle this, the government launched employment guarantee scheme that consisted of building borewells and percolation tanks. This work was completed quickly and in a haphazard way. Hence, was very bad in quality,\" he said. This lack of quality slowly but steadily percolated to other areas, added More, calling 1972 the 'year of bad quality'.More cited a few solutions for this problem. \"Agriculturists need to choose the grains they cultivate carefully. These should be ones that do not consume a lot of water. Also, since 90 per cent of water from irrigated fields evaporates, they should choose drip and sprinklers to water their fields,\" he said.Other solutions that he suggested included exploring non-traditional crops and using technological advances. He also spoke of interventions like protective irrigation wherein water is given to the plants as and when required. \"A little thought and a little planning can go a long way in making the farmers contribute in water conservation,\" he concluded.One must plan for the worst-case scenarios while planning use of resources, believed MI Shaikh, retired director general of Maharashtra Engineering and Research Institute (MERI). He gave the example of Jayakwadi dam that has been built on Godavari river near Aurangabad, all of whose tributaries have dams built on them. \"This is a major project of the state government but it shows lack of long term planning. While water can be directed from upstream to downstream, doing it the other way round is not possible as there is almost no water in the stream by the time it reaches Jayakwadi,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "17301218", "title": "Class IX girl commits suicide", "text": "SIRSA: A 14-year-old Class IX student of Government Girls Senior Secondary School hanged herself at her house on Monday night.Cops took custody of the body and the victim was identified as Nisha Rani. Her father Bhagwan Dass, a labourer by profession, said: \"My daughter was suffering from severe pain in the abdomen for almost a year. She could have committed suicide out of frustration.\"Girl's mother Veena Devi first spotted her body when she found her daughter hanging from the ceiling. The girl was rushed to the general hospital and the doctors there declared her brought dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17301298", "title": "Driver found dead inside car after owner complains of theft", "text": "CHENNAI: A 37-year-old car driver was found dead inside a car at Anna Nagar on Tuesday, a day after the vehicle owner lodged a police complaint that the driver had gone missing with his car.Police said R Manikandan (37) of Nagapattinam was lying unconscious on the back seat of the car on 18th Main Road, Anna Nagar. Manikandan is said to have consumed excessive liquor and died of suffocation. His face was stuck in a small gap on seat and there was no proper ventilation, police said.Manikandan was taken on as driver by Dayanidhi of Anna Nagar two months ago. Dayanidhi had been renting out the car. Manikandan took the car two days ago from Dayanidhi and did not return. Dayanidhi said he tried to reach the driver on his mobile phone, but there was no response. Suspecting foul play, he lodged a complaint on Tuesday, alleging that the driver might have escaped with the vehicle.Meanwhile, Dayanidhi's friend who found the car parked on 18th Main Road on Tuesday informed him.Dayanidhi thought the driver had abandoned the car and alerted police at 12.30pm on Tuesday. Police reached the spot and found Manikandan dead, his mobile phone by his side. \"The air conditioner was not on. It seems like he had drinks, closed all windows and slept,\" said assistant commissioner of police, Anna Nagar, B Kalitheerathan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17302823", "title": "Bangalore takes beliefs to work", "text": "* A senior technology professional loves to skip lunch on days he has overseas client calls. Because he's observed on several occasions that his empty stomach calls always won him deals.* A delivery head at a software services firm bets on his red tie whenever he sets out for a critical customer meet. A woman marketing executive wears only pink bindi and lipstick at weekly target meetings.* A media professional is paranoid about the number 8. She won't accept any important project with an 8o'clock deadline, nor will she take up a travel assignment on the 8th of a month. Try asking her to be part of a team of 8, she'd rather call it quits.Superstitions are nothing but sheer correlations you make, though some say these are absolutely baseless and need not always prove to be good.A survey titled 'Superstitions@workplace' has revealed that overall faith in personal belief or superstition is at a high 62% among employees in India and more than half the respondents are superstitious at their workplace.While Vaastu Shastra and Feng Shui are the most common practices followed, personal favourites are lucky charms like stones, specific colours, number-oriented items and the ubiquitous bamboo shoot.The study, conducted by staffing outfit TeamLease, also says that managements in India are generally adaptive to employees' superstitious beliefs and don't restrict them from practicing them at work, as long as it doesn't negatively affect productivity. In fact, a majority of senior management officials believe that superstitious practices are more prevalent at the top of the order.More than 48% of respondents felt that superstition at the workplace has a positive effect.A majority of senior managers believe that though practices like Feng Shui, Vaastu Shastra, lucky charms, arrangement of idols and stickers of gods at workstations, laughing Buddha and money plant are common at workplaces, they don't have any significant influence on people and the corporate culture. \"Practice whatever you may, but ultimately your work and outcome will be subject to your skills, knowledge and application, is what they seem to say,\" the TeamLease report said.Among cities, people in Bangalore and New Delhi were found to be most superstitious; the numbers were relatively less in Ahmedabad and Pune.The survey covered 800 companies across eight cities, including New Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai, Kolkata, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Pune and Ahmedabad. The respondents' profile ranged in the age group of 21 to over 45 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17302506", "title": "Christmas fest to get bigger this year", "text": "KOLKATA: The tourism department is planning to use the second Kolkata Christmas Festival at Park Street to draw more foreign tourists to the city.The entire area stretching from Park Street to St Paul's Cathedral and the cemeteries in the area will be decked up from December 16 to January 1. There will be lights, streamers, Christmas trees and Santas at every corner to greet the visitors. The Christmas Festival - a brainchild of chief minister Mamata Banerjee that was started on Park Street last year - is also expected to grow bigger this time.Tourism minister Rachpal Singh held a meeting with hoteliers and clergies on Tuesday to chalk out ways to increase tourist footfall. The government plans to organize special programmes almost every day on Park Street during the Festival, apart from the music and food on offer at the street fair. For the entire festival, the tourism department will spend around Rs 1 crore. Park Hotel, too, will organize a programme during the festival.The Christmas Festival - in which leading Christian organizations will take part - is likely to be inaugurated by the chief minister. The opening will be followed by a carol singing session in which the choirs of several churches will take part.At the food and music carnival, delicacies from different communities like Anglo Indian, Goan, Chinese, Bengali, Malyali, Nepali and Parsi will be on offer. There will also be stalls for Christmas goodies, cakes and Christmas decorations.Some of the well known bands of the city, including Bhoomi and Chandrabindu, will perform at the festival. The Kolkata Police band is also likely to perform. There will be arrangements for children to pose with Father Christmas for photographs. Underprivileged children of the neighbourhood will be given gifts.\"The main purpose of the festival is to share the joy of Christmas with all the people of Kolkata through carols and devotional songs,\" the minister said. A live concert on the street, entertainment, theme lighting and food stalls representing cultural heritages of Bengal will give a new dimension to street celebration, he added.The city police are already gearing up to tackle the crowd. Though the festival will be held between 2 pm and 10 pm, there are apprehensions that the crowd might swell till midnight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17301450", "title": "Nashik Municipal Corporation begins employee promotions", "text": "NASHIK: After facing initial glitches, the civic administration began declaring promotions for its employees on Monday. One hundred names were declared during the process which went on till late evening. Screens were put up outside the civic body's headquarters at Rajiv Gandhi Bhavan where the promotions were declared.The next declaration will be made on Wednesday. Maintaining its stand of transparency in the promotions process, officials of the Nashik Municipal Corporation ( NMC) said that a notice had been circulated to all employees early this month that they should not feel pressured and that the promotion process would take place according to department rules.Among the 100 employees, 75 have been promoted to assistant superintendent's post that is equivalent to senior clerk, 17 have been promoted to superintendent's post, four as divisional officers, three as assistant commissioners and one as deputy commissioner.An official said that since 1997 there had only engineers had been promoted, adding that vested interests were trying to make create pressure but the administration had maintained adherence to rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17305402", "title": "Supriya Devi is back", "text": "Aniruddha Ghosh's debut film 'Paanchforon' is a full-on comedy starring veteran actress Supriya Devi, Kharaj Mukherjee, Kamalika Banerjee, Tanima Sen, Biswanath Basu among others.The director couldn't believe his ears when Supriya Devi said she liked the script and agreed to play the pivotal role in his film. \"It's an honour to have Supriyadi on board. The film is about tenants who live in Basak Villa owned by Sarojubala Devi (Supriya Devi). The film is not preachy but it has a social message which says, 'united we stand and divided we fall,' said Aniruddha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17302684", "title": "Glut of branded hotel rooms in Ahmedabad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The increase in business travellers to the state has kicked up the supply of hotel rooms in Ahmedabad. The supply of branded hotel rooms in Ahmedabad has seen an 11% increase in the last 12 months, says a research by global hospitality services consultant HVS.Due to oversupply, hotel occupancy rates have dipped by almost 15% this year as compared to last. Despite this, the supply of rooms is seeing an upswing owing to the wedding season and the state government's incentives to the corporate world.According to the research, total room inventory across all the categories \u00e2\u20ac\u201d budget, mid-scale and up-scale segments \u00e2\u20ac\u201d in Ahmedabad is approximately 1,975 rooms. The city has seen a compounded growth of 31% from 519 rooms in 2006-07 to 1,975 rooms in 2011-12.Umesh Tiwari, general manager, Fortune Landmark, said, \"With the automobile companies setting up plants near Ahmedabad and announcing expansions, demand from business travellers has encouraged the hospitality sector. Small conferences keep happening and flights to the city are mostly full. Besides, the wedding season for non-resident Indians is here, which will only see a rise in demand for hotel rooms.\" According to Tiwari, occupancy rates are expected to pick up by 7-8% in January.Newer hotels like Radisson BLU, ISTA and Holiday Inn Express are adding to room inventory in the city ahead of the festive season and the state government's annual business summit in January.Ranganath Budumooru, general manager, Holiday Inn Express, said, \"We will open reservations only by November 25 but we are already seeing a lot of enquiries. This shows that even if there may be many existing options, people always prefer trying out something new.\"The HVS study says that demand in Ahmedabad is primarily driven by the commercial segment and largely depends on project-related business from industrial clusters at the periphery of the city.Vikram Singh Chauhan, general manager, Radisson Blu, feels that even if there seems to be an oversupply of rooms, demand will be created in time.\"These are different brands coming in, the decisions for which were taken way back when there was boom in the economy. In between, projects got delayed and now they are all coming in together, therefore it suddenly seems that there are too many rooms. But, whenever supply increases, there is never immediate demand. Now that inventory is available, people will move business from other cities like Mumbai to Ahmedabad,\" said Chauhan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17304920", "title": "Maitreya project: UP's loss is advantage Bihar", "text": "LUCKNOW: Its official, the Maitreya project has pulled out of Uttar Pradesh. The Buddha will not be smiling on Bihar's Bodhgaya. However, the plans for Bihar are not as ambitious as they were for UP. In an official announcement, Lama Zopa Rinpoche spiritual director of the Maitreya project, said: \"The Maitreya statue will now be built in Bodhgaya, but due to restrictions there, the statue won't be as tall as originally planned (500 feet); now it is going to be 150 feet in height.\"According of available literature, seven different places in India are of religious significance to Buddhists. Uttar Pradesh is home to four such places. Sanjashya (Bareilly) where the Buddha descended from the Tushita heaven is the first while Sarnath near Varanasi, site of the deer park where Buddha began teaching the Buddhist spiritual path is the second one. The eastern district of Shravasti is the place where Buddha spent 25 rainy seasons and performed many miracles is the third spot. Kushinagar, where Buddha gave his last sermon and attained salvation is the fourth destination.The three other destinations are in the neighboring state of Bihar, including: Bodhgaya (the site of Buddhist enlightment), Rajgir (where the heart sutra was expounded at Vulture's Peak) and Nalanda (the centre of Buddhist learning). \"Maitreya is the Buddha of the future who, will teach the path of loving kindness and the place where he attained enlightment is good for spreading the message of Maitreya,\" said a local buddhist resident.The maitreya project team was disheartened by the way subsequent governments in Uttar Pradesh and officials lingered on with their dream. \"For the past nine years we have worked hard with Uttar Pradesh state government to locate the project in Kushinagar but because of very difficult issues regarding land acquisition, with the approval of His Holiness the Dalai Lama we have now decided to build the Maitreya statue in Bodhgaya,\" he said.Rinpoche confirmed that Peter Kedge, cheif executive officer of the project, has been removed and Nita Ing has replaced him. \"Peter also worked for many years in India, bearing many hardships and experiencing problems and difficulties there. The key difficulty, however, has been acquiring sufficient land together in one parcel. There have also been other significant setbacks, such as major donors being unable to fulfill their commitments through difficult economic conditions and untimely death,\" said the official website of the project.He hope that the project would take off in Bihar for the larger interest of the people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17302908", "title": "55-year-old woman attempts suicide in HC", "text": "BANGALORE: A 55-year-old woman made an attempt to commit suicide by having a soft drink laced with poison in a court hall of the Karnataka high court on Tuesday evening. According to police, she was said to be under severe psychological stress.The woman, identified as Subhadra Devi, a resident of Banashankari, was immediately rushed to Bowring and Lady Curzon Hospital. Her condition is said to be out of danger.\"She was sitting in the last bench of court hall (number 10). At around 4.30 pm, she came out and vomited. A bottle with some soft drink and a small bottle containing some white liquid were found in her possession. We immediately shifted her to the hospital,\" a high court police outpost official said.A handbill was also found on the woman. Written in Kannada, purportedly by Subhadra Devi, the handbill claimed that certain people were trying to keep her two sons Purushottam and Gautham away from her.She also claimed that her representations to police in this regard had elicited no response.It was not clear why Subhadra Devi was present in the court hall on Tuesday. No case with her as a party had been listed for business during the day. Police sources said she had filed a habeas corpus petition in the high court some time back. It is also said that the court had dismissed her petition.No family member of the woman had turned up at the hospital till late in the night on Tuesday. Police are yet to confirm the nature of the poison used by the woman.EARLIER SUICIDE BIDS IN HCThis is not for the first time that the Karnataka high court is witnessing an attempted suicide on its premises.* On January 10, 2008, a 38-year-old man tried to kill himself by consuming insecticide in the court premises. But the incident had occurred far away from the court halls.* On February 12, 2008, a Sakaleshpur lawyer consumed poison in the hall of the chief justice. The lawyer had come to complain to the court about police harassment against his family.* On July 6, 2011, a 38-year-old woman fighting a marital dispute had tried to hang herself from a tree on the high court premises but was rescued by people", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "chikkaballapur", "code": "17302824", "title": "BSY joins water protest", "text": "CHIKKABALLAPUR: Former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa on Tuesday joined an agitation seeking a permanent solution to the drinking water problem of Kolar and Chikkaballapur districts.Yeddyurappa arrived in Chikkaballapur and joined the protesters. Addressing the gathering, he said that as CM, he was keen on implementing the Paramashivaiah report. His successors have also not been able to do so, he added.The Paramashivaiah report seeks to provide water to 84 taluks in seven districts, including Kolar, Chikkaballapur, Ramanagaram and Tumkur, by utilizing the Netravathi water that flows untapped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17304273", "title": "Devotees welcome Sun god in morning by offering 'arghya'", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Many people assembled on the banks of Yamuna to perform sacred rituals on the occasion of Chhath on Tuesday. Large number of people assembled at various ghats of the city and offered 'arghya' to the Sun God.The devotees, along with family and friends went to the Baluaghat and other ghats before sunrise. As the Sun appeared on the horizon, the devotees were elated and made offerings (Arghya). The offerings included vermilion, rice, fruits, covered usually covered with saffron colored cotton cloth. The whole atmosphere was charged with mantras and hymns.Chhath being celebrated at the crack of the dawn on Yamuna river bank is a beautiful, elating spiritual experience connecting the modern Indian to his ancient cultural roots, said Divesh Sinha who was present on Baluaghat. He told that the festival ends with the breaking of the fast by the parvaitin and friends visiting the houses of the devotees to receive the prashad.Pointedly, Chhath is a way to be grateful to the Sun for giving the bounties of life on earth and for the fulfillment of wishes of believers.It is a festival of reverence to the solar deity, the only festival in the world where devotees offer salutations to the setting sun. It is the festival of truth, non-violence, forgiveness and compassion. It is a festival celebrated by the Biharis on the sixth day of the lunar month after Diwali every year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17302213", "title": "Passengers create ruckus over poor quality food, short supply", "text": "NAGPUR: The tall claims of Indian Railways to supply quality food in trains were exposed on Tuesday when passengers of Delhi Sarai Rohilla-Yashwantpur Duronto Express detained the train for 90 minutes at Nagpur over poor quality food.The train's actual arrival time is at 1.40pm but it reached at 2.15pm. At 2.25pm when the train was about to depart, a section of passengers resorted to alarm chain pulling from the pantry car. Immediately, station manager SK Dash along with deputy station superintendents (DySS) JK Sharma and AR Moon rushed to platform number 2. They were followed by divisional commercial manager (DCM) K Jaisankar and others.One of the passengers alleged his cash worth Rs 14,000 was stolen by one of the pantry car staffers. The suspicion was on the ground that some of the staffers with the pantry car did not possess I-cards when sought to know by the passengers.Many of them complained that they were provided poor quality food. Not only this, the meals were in short supply and when many passengers tried to know about it they were told food had gone out of stock. This infuriated the passengers.\"We paid Rs 1,890 for Delhi-Yashwantpur journey. Food is included in the fare, but substandard meals were provided. The paneer was of poor quality. The snacks provided at 9.30am near Bhopal were also not good,\" complained Rahul Bajpai and Harish Gupta.Many passengers were also irked to find cockroaches in the pantry car. Pulkesh Kumar and Prakash Raheja from Delhi were upset over the poor service aboard the train. There was no security. \"We book tickets four months in advance then why facilities are not up to the mark,\" they asked.Nagpur Central Railway PRO PD Patil said, \"We unnecessarily had to face the wrath of passengers. The food was boarded from Itarsi, which is a three-hour journey from Nagpur. There is no point in venting anger in Nagpur.\"Patil added the train is owned by Southern Railway and maintained at Bangalore. It has a technical halt at Nagpur where high tea is provided to passengers. The same was supplied immediately after the train left. The passengers were also given meals at Ballarshah. Fine was imposed on two staffers of pantry car who did not travel with identity cards.However, even after Jaisankar tried to pacify the angry passengers, they wanted all their demands to be fulfilled here considering Nagpur being better placed. They even wanted divisional railway manager (DRM) to reach the spot. However, they gave up only after some base kitchen staff accompanied by Jaisankar accompanied the train till Ballarshah.Following the mess, passengers of 12976 Jaipur-Mysore Express and 12622 New Delhi-Chennai Tamil Nadu Express had harrowing time as they were kept waiting and trains were delayed by two hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17302073", "title": "Rs 50,000 worth property stolen from temple", "text": "HYDERABAD: Cocking a snook at police who are struggling to curb temple thefts, burglars gained entry into another temple in the city and escaped with Rs 50,000 worth property on Tuesday.The latest burglary was reported at Nalla Pochamma temple in Baghlingampally. At about 4 am, burglars entered the temple by breaking the main door lock. The temple does not have a compound wall as it abuts the Baghlingampally road.After entering the temple, the thieves stole gold ornaments, including nose stud and mangalsutra of the presiding deity weighing about 1.5 tolas, and silver jewellery of about 10 tolas, Chikkadpally inspector (Detective) K S Reddy said.The theft came to notice when temple priest arrived at the place of worship in the morning. Based on the complaint lodged by temple organiser Anand, police rushed a forensic team to the spot and collected some fingerprints. A case was booked under section 457/380 (House-breaking) of the Indian Penal Code ( IPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17305913", "title": "I have no sympathy for Ajmal Kasab: Dolly Bindra", "text": "Ajmal Kasab, the surviving terrorist of 26/11 Mumbai attacks was hanged to death today (21st November) morning at Yerawada central prison.Dolly Bindra claims that terrorism is a disease and there was no escape for Ajmal.\"There was no forgiveness for Ajmal and I have no sympathy for him. There will always be a bad end for terrorism and whatever you do you will pay for it one day,\" said Dolly.\"Islam doesn't tell to kill people, in fact, no religion allows brutality. These terrorists are trained and they go through exams. Everybody who indulges in wrong things will have a bad end. Terrorism is not a lesson to be learnt,\" concluded Dolly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17304898", "title": "Man falls from sixth floor in court, dies", "text": "SURAT: In a sensational incident, the man accused of killing his two business associates by pushing them from the 12th floor of a building, died after falling from the sixth floor of Surat district and sessions court in Athwalines area on Tuesday.However, it is still unclear if the accused, Jaswant Savani, fell down accidentally or committed suicide.Savani, a steel trader, was arrested on August 21 for allegedly murdering his two partners Ashok Lathiya and Kishore Mangukiya. Savani allegedly pushed them from the 12th floor of Abhishek Heights, an under construction apartment in Punagam area on August 15.Savani sustained severe head injuries after he fell on a lawyer's table on the ground floor. The lawyer, Ishwar Gamit, was also injured and rushed to a nearby hospital for treatment, police said.Savani was brought to the court by police as chargesheet in the murder case was to be filed in the court of additional chief judicial magistrate. He asked for police's permission to go to toilet. Suddenly, there was a commotion on the ground floor and Savani was found lying dead.The square-shaped court building is open to sky in the centre. The wall of gallery of the sixth floor is around four feet high and police believe that it is not possible to fall. The exact location of sixth floor gallery from where Savani fell was blocked by tables of lawyers, but no one was present at the spot as it was lunch time.Savani was accompanied by his family members in the court. However, they had also gone for lunch outside the court building when the incident occurred.\"I was with my brother for a long time and later went out for lunch. When I returned, I was told that he died after falling from the sixth floor,\" said Rajesh Savani, the deceased's brother.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17302063", "title": "Umda Sagar basin drying up", "text": "HYDERABAD: Several lakes in the Umda Sagar basin of the Old City have disappeared from the face of the earth due to rapid urbanization and three of the nine surviving lakes are likely to face the same fate too, a study has revealed.The recent study initiated by the central government had found that there were 30 lakes until a couple of decades ago. Presently, only nine lakes are 'surviving' in the basin.The department of science and technology had commissioned the study which was taken up by local environmental protection organizations and a city-based Geographic Information System consultants in April last. The study set out to identify the status of lakes within the watershed or basins of Mir Alam and Umda Sagar. In the Umda Sagar watershed, which approximately extends from Pahadi Sharif to Talab Katta, 30 lakes were identified by the team based on Survey of India topology maps and satellite imagery. The researchers worked out that rampant construction within the full tank levels of the lakes and on the water channels led to the gradual disappearance of the water bodies.Some of the surviving lakes that are facing threat of encroachment include Gurram Cheruvu near Barkas where dumping of debris on the shore is shrinking the lake area. Construction of houses in nearby areas like Hafeez Baba Nagar is leading to constriction of the water channel, thereby causing flooding in surrounding localities during monsoon.The situation is no different at Shaheen Nagar lake. According to the study, around 80 per cent of the lake is lost. The water body is dry most of the year but in monsoon the water gets collected in the remaining areas and floods nearby houses. Burhan Khan lake in nearby Osman Nagar locality is another water body in the basin that is estimated to have reduced to half its original size.Officials of HMDA were shown the locations of the lakes in the Mir Alam Basin following which they decided to make a report on the status of lakes. But sources in the metropolitan body said that it is unlikely to translate into any action. Activists associated with the study however are trying hard to salvage the remaining lakes.They have made representations to Ranga Reddy district collector and HMDA commissioner about the status of lakes and have demanded that full tank levels of the lakes be fixed immediately.\"Analysis of data will yield a clear picture but it is imperative that full tank levels be fixed as encroachment will reduce this level. So even if the water bodies have to be protected at a later stage, there will be little or nothing left to protect them,\" said a member of the research team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17302960", "title": "Gujjars considering agitation as OBC commission sets another deadline for report", "text": "JAIPUR: Even as the Gujjar community appears to be losing patience with the state government over the increased job-quota demand, the Other Backward Classes (OBC) commission has reset its deadline for the third time about submitting its report that would decide the community's fate.Commission chairperson Justice I S Israni (retired) repeated on Tuesday that the report, which would be about OBC communities' backwardness or otherwise after the country's 65 years of reservation policy, would be submitted to the state government within this week. Twice earlier also the commission chairperson told reporters-first on September 27 and then on November 5-about submitting the report within a week.\"We will surely submit the report within this week,\" Justice Israni told TOI on Tuesday, adding, \"It could not be submitted until now as we were examining some legal aspects involved in it.\"The new deadline set by the commission for itself ends on November 24 (Saturday), while the Gujjar leaders associated with Kirori Singh Bainsla have called a meeting on Wednesday to decide on their strategy to press government for an early settlement of the demand. \"The government has already delayed much. Our select leaders will meet tomorrow to decide on when to regroup the community for an agitation,\" said Himmat Singh Gurjar, spokesperson of the Bainsla-led Rajasthan Gujjar Aarakshan Sangharsh Samiti. After Bainsla's separate meetings with the OBC commission chairperson Israni and chief secretary CK Mathew early this month, the Samiti was assured of a resolution by November 10.The Gujjars have been demanding increased quota in government jobs and educational institutes through shifting their community from OBC category to ST category or allowing them 5% separate quota as special backward classes (SBC) along with the Rebari, Banjara and Garia-Lohar communities. The SBC category was created by the previous Vasundhara Raje-led government that drafted the state's reservation Act in 2008. The Rajasthan high court, however, stayed execution of the Act as the SBC's creation was not based on any quantifiable data.The court asked the matter to be referred to the OBC commission for its recommendations and the state government was directed supply it the necessary data to examine if the communities qualified to be treated as special backward. Besides a private institute's survey report, the government also provided service data from its different departments to the OBC commission for the purpose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17300683", "title": "32-year sentence for raping toddler", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has sentenced a man to 32 years in jail for kidnapping and raping a one-year-old child after entering her house for committing a theft.Additional sessions judge Kamini Lau jailed 21-year-old Uday Kumar Yadav observing that he is a \"predatory paedophile\" and a \"menace\" to the society as he had not spared even a one-year-old child.The court sentenced the youth to seven years in jail for kidnapping the toddler, life imprisonment (20 years) for raping her and five years in jail for stealing a mobile phone from the house. The court said all three sentences would run one after another and stipulated that the convict should not be given any remission in his sentence unless he spends an actual sentence of 20 years of life term.In its order, the court lauded the efforts of the Delhi Police's investigating officers, who had cracked the case on the basis of electronic surveillance and forensic evidence.While asking the Delhi government to pay a compensation of Rs one lakh to the family of the victim for her welfare and rehabilitation, the judge also imposed a fine of Rs 70,000 upon the youth stating that if realized, the amount should be given to the victim.As per the prosecution, the incident took place on the night of September 24 last year when Yadav entered the victim's house at Narela in north Delhi to commit a theft. While stepping out of the house with a mobile phone, he also picked up the toddler sleeping with her parents. The prosecution said he took her to a nearby park and left her there after raping her.After committing the offence, he made a call to the PCR with the mobile phone he had stolen from the victim's father but the phone got switched off as it ran out of battery. He had also stolen a mobile phone from victim's neighbour and made calls to his family in Bihar, the court said.Yadav was caught after the call records were sent for voice analysis, it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "17302987", "title": "International cattle fairstarts today", "text": "AJMER: The international cattle fair is set to begin in Pushkar from Wednesday. The fair is expected to see a boom on Kartik Purnima (full moon).The fourteen-day-long event will have many attractions like a football match \"chak de\" between an Indian and foreign team apart from the bridal race, which is a regular feature that draws tourists. Cattle have started pouring in and horses from Punjab and Uttar Pradesh are the chief attraction this year for their breed and height.State education minister Naseem Akhtar will chair the flag-off ceremony. Following which the Mandana (coloring) event will begin. Group race and football match will take place post that. \"We have selected the Indian team and foreigners have been told to form a team for the football match to be held on the opening day,\" said officials of district administration.Competitions like camel decoration, langri tang race, bridal competition, camel and horse dance, etc. will also take place.The tourism department has also arranged a classical song night on November 22 for tourists. On November 23, the temple festival at old Rangji temple will start and Padamashri awardee Geeta Chandran give a classical dance performance.On Saturday, the day will begin with a spiritual march and rural sports are scheduled to take place later in the day. \"We are also opening a shilp kala kendra and an exhibition for tourists to know more about the handicrafts of Rajasthan,\" added officials.Extra police force has been deployed in the town for the fair. The security of main Brahma has been entrusted to the armed forces and barricades have been erected on all approach roads to Pushkar. For the first time tourists will be able to arrive in the holy town of Pushkar via rail since the railway station was built and opened here last year in December.The numbers of foreign tourists are likely to dip but domestic tourists, especially from South India and some places of North India, are expected to attend the event. The IB department is keeping a record of every foreign tourist arriving in the town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17301377", "title": "Hand-held device now a must for parking operators", "text": "GURGAON: Much like in Connaught Place in Delhi, parking operators in Gurgaon will have to use hand-held device to charge parking fee from car owners in HUDA parking sites.According to the HUDA administrator, Praveen Kumar, the new system of hand-held device has been mandatory for the parking operators in the city. \"Our department is inviting fresh tenders for the parking sites in sectors falling under the jurisdiction of estate office II region,\" said Kumar. He said that the EO II has been instructed to carry out the detailed study of the parking site before inviting the tenders.\"The details like the size of the parking, location and proximity with commercial and residential areas are being worked out to finalize the minimum price for the parking contractors,\" said Kumar. HUDA is also planning to convert certain green belt areas near Shankar Chowk into parking sites.At the new parking sites HUDA is planning to put signboards with details of the parking contractor and attendants in uniform. Asked about the new feature of the hand-held device, Kumar said: \"The contractors will have to be capable of providing sufficient number of the hand held devices to be used by the parking attendants at sites.\"He added that the electronic parking fee has been included to ensure every detail like time, date and fee is recorded. \"This will help customers and bring transparency in the overall system of parking operation in all the sites,\" said Kumar.It may be noted that dozens of illegal parking sites are being operated in several HUDA sectors. By switching over to the electronic parking fee collection, the department will also be able to rein in the illegal parking.The estate officer II, Manoj Attri, said: \"The survey work of parking sites is nearing completion and the tenders will be floated very soon in consultation with the administrator.\" To the question of the long-pending Sector 29 parking, the administrator said: \"At present, the private contractor, who secured a high court stay over running, is operating it. But after fresh tenders are invited the parking will be taken back and then made free for shoppers as it had been planned initially.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17301300", "title": "Lankan caught with heroin acquitted", "text": "CHENNAI: A special court for NDPS cases on Tuesday freed a 26-year-old Sri Lankan national who was caught carrying more than 1.5 kg of heroin, saying his guilt could not be established by the prosecution.According to the prosecution, the accused was caught by a customs officer at Chennai airport on January 23, 2009. After a check revealed the narcotic in a keyboard in his bag, he was arrested. The accused told officials the keyboard belonged to a man named Sudha who had asked him to give the keyboard and two photo albums to his (Sudha's) wife in Sri Lanka .\"The prosecution failed to explain the steps taken to trace Sudha's details and also did not produce the photo albums seized. The onus is on the prosecution to establish the accused either had control or right and claim over the contraband seized,\" said the judge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17300331", "title": "Sumeeth-Manu pair in Hong Kong Open main draw", "text": "HYDERABAD: Sumeeth Reddy and Manu Attri made it to the men's doubles main draw of the Yonex Sunrise Hong Kong Open Super Series on Tuesday. However, Sai Praneeth and RMV Gurusaidutt lost in the men's singles final qualifying round.Sumeeth and Manu downed local lads Chun Hei Lee and Ka Long Ng 21-13, 13-21, 21-15. The duo will face Alvent Yulianto Chandra and Markis Kido of Indonesia in the first round on Wednesday.Sai and Guru both lost to Hong Kong opponents in the final round.Qualifying results: Men's singles (Rd II): Ka Long Ng (Hkg) bt Sai Praneeth 21-17, 12-21, 21-15; Yan Kit Chan (Hkg) bt RMV Gurusaidutt 21-18, 21-19. (Rd I): Sai Praneeth bt Chun Hei Tam (Hkg) 21-15, 21-16; RMV Gurusaidutt bt Po Wei Cheng (Tpe) 21-15, 21-16; Men's doubles (Rd II):Sumeeth/Manu bt Chun Hei Lee/Ka Long Ng (Hkg) 21-13, 13-21, 21-15. (Rd I): Sumeeth Reddy/Manu Attri bt Chien Cheng Lai (Tpe)/Joe Wu (Nzl) 21-11, 21-14.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17301390", "title": "Youths booked for assaulting girl, obscene SMSs", "text": "GURGAON: A youth was arrested for allegedly assaulting a girl and threatening to kill her after breaking into her house on Monday night.On Tuesday police produced him in a city court which sent him in judicial custody.Ali (name changed), a resident of Bheem Nagar colony, has lodged a complaint with city police that the accused Nitin, a resident of Bheem Nagar, had trespassed on his house around 10pm on Monday. He then allegedly assaulted his 19-year-old daughter and threatened to kill her.City police have lodged an FIR against Nitin under Sections 452, 354 and 506 of IPC and arrested him on Tuesday morning. A city court sent Nitin, 24, in 14-day judicial custody. A senior police officer said that Nitin was unemployed and had confessed to his crime during interrogation.In another case police have lodged an FIR against a youth, who had allegedly sent obscene letters and SMSs to a woman.Neha Verma, a resident of Sheetla colony, lodged a complaint with police against Sonu Sagar, a native of Punjab. In her complaint she alleged that Sonu Sagar was sending her obscene letters and SMSs to her mobile phone.When she told him to stop bothering her he threatened to kill her. \"An FIR has been lodged against Sonu Sagar under Sections 294 and 506 of IPC. The accused is on the run,\" said an investigating officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17302419", "title": "Payal could be alive if...", "text": "PATNA: Help came too little and too late for Payal Kumari, 10, a resident of Langartoli. She might have been saved had her treatment started the moment she was brought to the PMCH around 6pm on Monday.Ratnesh Kumar, her uncle, said, \"After the bamboo bridge was damaged, we were looking out for Payal when we got a call from a relative that her body was lying around there. After we reached PMCH we found that she was still breathing and took her to Magadh Hospital. The doctors there struggled for about an hour to revive her but it was too late.\" Kumar said had the doctors started treatment just after she was brought to the PMCH, Payal might have been saved.A number of people injured in the Monday stampede were disappointed with the kind of help or aid from the administration or the state government.Payal's father, Raju Gupta, who works at a shop in Hathwa Market, was also injured in the stampede. \"He suffered minor injuries and low blood pressure and was given some medicines at Magadh Hospital before being discharged,\" Kumar said.Santosh Kumar, 26, a resident of Masaurhi, was here for the Chhath. He was seriously injured in the stampede and did not get the required medical attention. According to his friend Kumar Madhukar, \"Santosh's spinal cord was damaged and the doctors at PMCH referred him to Magadh Hospital. He was treated at the private hospital Monday night. However, on Tuesday morning, the hospital authorities asked us to either pay the amount they were asking for further treatment or just leave,\" Madhukar said, adding, \"No government aid was made available to us. Santosh, who is a man of humble means, has now gone back to Masaurhi for his treatment.\"Madhukar, a resident of Patna was a witness to the chaos on Monday evening. He was not at all happy with the disaster management preparedness of the government. \"The administration did not offer much support to the people and there were very few doctors at the PMCH to treat the injured. The number of people wounded were too many and the provisions too less,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "haldia", "code": "17302315", "title": "Congress dares TMC in Haldia showdown", "text": "HALDIA: It turned out to be a day of political drama in the industrial and port township of Haldia on Tuesday with the Congress and the Trinamool Congress holding separate public meetings, leaders getting involved in mud-slinging and workers clashing against each other.While Congress leader and Union minister of state for urban development Deepa Das Munshi accused the state of doing nothing to encourage industrial development, Tamluk MP Subhendu Adhikary retorted that the Centre should first consider lifting the moratorium imposed on industrialization in Haldia before pointing fingers at others.To Deepa's charge that the state doesn't even have a proper land policy to encourage industry, Adhikary announced that Bengal Leads \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the industrial fair \u00e2\u20ac\u201d will start in Haldia from January 17.The Congress, which doesn't have much of a base in Haldia or even East Midnapore, was clearly out to fish in troubled waters. Deepa and her party colleague Manas Bhunia made an attempt to take on the Mamata Banerjee-led government by bringing up the issue of Haldia Bulk Terminals' (HBT) withdrawal from the Haldia Dock Complex (HDC). According to Deepa, the state government was responsible for HBT's exit. \"Had the state government paid heed to the letters written to it by the Kolkata Port Trust (KoPT) management, the company may have stayed back,\" she said.\"We have already demanded a CBI inquiry into the matter. We shall also bring it to the notice of the Prime Minister and shipping minister G K Vasan once again. When the winter session of Parliament starts on Thursday, all Congress MPs from the state will tell the people of the country how Mamata Banerjee is ruining the state. Today, the Trinamool is blaming the Centre for stopping dredging subsidy to HDC, but why weren't steps taken when Mukul Roy was the Union minister of state for shipping?\" Deepa asked.Meanwhile, Adhikary chose to rake up popular sentiment on the issue of a CBI probe. \"The CBI was entrusted to probe the Nandigram police firing. Till date, the agency hasn't been able to get details of the 'choti' policemen (policemen wearing slippers) who shot at villagers that day. The Congress has tied up with the CPM to give the state a bad name. What was the Congress doing when Lakshman Seth was acquiring land illegally and allowing industrial units in Haldia to ill-treat workers? Let me assure you that all 623 workers retrenched by HBT will be reinstated soon,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17301840", "title": "Nobody cares for Kochi passengers", "text": "KOCHI: When Volvo low-floor AC buses started plying through city roads, Kochiites were promised many passenger-friendly features. But after the initial euphoria, many of these features are yet to be activated by authorities who hardly pay any attention to the needs of passengers.According to the norms of Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM), which funded the project, all these buses should have been equipped with global positioning systems (GPS). \"Had there been a GPS system, it would have displayed the exact location and time these buses would reach each bus stop, it would have been easy for passengers to catch the bus. As of now, the exact schedules of these buses are not available. So many of us are not using the service,'' said Anas, a travel agent. \"They could at least have put up boards regarding the schedule at bus shelters,\" he said.The low-floor buses also have features used in such vehicles in developed countries. There are stop buttons on each seat to let passengers inform the driver to stop the bus. \"I have been using the bus for quite some time. I have never used the stop button. Nor have I seen, anyone else using the stop button,\" said Shyam of Kochi working with a publishing firm. But the officials with the KSRTC said that they were unaware of such a feature.The bus has a 'leaning' facility to enable physically-challenged people enter the bus on wheelchairs directly from the footpath. The buses have platforms that can 'lean' to the level of the footpath. But in this case, uneven footpaths constructed by Kochi Corporation are the main villain and the facility is hardly used. The special camera for drivers is another feature which is rarely relied on. The camera helps drivers monitor passenger movement at close range. But the feature remains deactivated in most of the buses. While starting the service, the authorities had also promised to activate the display system to let passengers know the current location of the bus. This is another feature they are yet to switch on.There are allegations that staff in these buses have been selected on the basis of politics. Rather than skilled employees, the nominees of various trade unions have been sneaked in to these plum posts. As these employees are unaware of most of the features, they have no clue on how to provide these facilities to passengers, according to sources.Forget itFeatures not used or rarely used in Volvo AC low-floor buses:* Stop buttons on seats* Leaning facility to help handicapped people* Special rear view cameras for drivers* Display board of current position of the bus* GPS system", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17304996", "title": "Kevin James a good kisser: Salma Hayek", "text": "Mexican-American actress Salma Hayek says actor Kevin James is a good kisser.The 46-year-old has to lock lips with the actor in her latest movie \"Here Comes The Boom\" and she admits it was a \"weird\" experience because he is her friend.\"I did want a double for the kissing scene because I'm really good friends with his wife and children. I've been kissing people on the screen all the time, but we're actually really good friends and the kids are good friends. It's the kid thing,\" contactmusic.com quoted Hayek as saying.\"By the way, it was really weird because he's actually a very good kisser! It was not a real kiss. It was through a fence. Nobody opened their mouth. But he does have good lips,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17303203", "title": "'Build memorial for Thackeray in Pune'", "text": "PUNE: Shiv Sena leaders in the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) on Tuesday demanded that the civic body erect a memorial for the late Sena leader in Pune.All party corporators paid tributes to Thackeray at the general body (GB) meeting on Tuesday. \"Sena chief's contribution to the nation and to the state is immense. He was born in Pune and had an emotional connect with the city. I request the PMC to erect a suitable memorial for him,\" said Ashok Harnawal, corporator and leader of Shiv Sena in the PMC. He requested all party leaders to support his demand.Another Sena corporator, Kalpana Thorve submitted a resolution with the standing committee. \"Erecting a memorial for Balasaheb here will be a fitting tribute to the great leader. It was because of his insistence that the Mumbai - Pune express highway became a reality. The PMC should erect a big memorial for Balasaheb,\" said Thorve in the proposal.However, other party leaders kept mum. The ruling Congress and NCP didn't spell a word on the memorial.NCP corporator and standing committee chairman Baburao Chandere said, \"The Shiv Sena chief had severe political differences with other party leaders, but there was no personal bitterness. He had cordial relations with leaders across the parties.\"Meanwhile, Shiv Sena MLC Neelam Gorhe on Tuesday said that the urn of mortal remains of Thackeray will be kept at Kothrud, Ganesh temple in Manik baug and Kasba Peth on Wednesday for the followers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17304258", "title": "Sonia, Rahul Gandhi to pick Congress candidates from Ald, Phulpur", "text": "ALLAHABAD: During his visit to the city on Tuesday, Congress Member of Legislative Assembly from West Bengal Saumitra Khan interacted with party workers and leaders here to discuss final list of candidates from Allahabad and Phulpur parliamentary seats.Giving this information, district spokesperson Kishore Varshney said during the meeting All India Congress Committee (AICC) member Shekhar Bahuguna and Congress MLA from city North assembly seat Anugrah Narayan Singh presented a resolution which was unanimously passed and whereby Congress chief Sonia Gandhi and Amethi Member of Parliament Rahul Gandhi were authorised to decide party candidates from the two seats. The decision was taken in the light of the fact that both seats hold importance in view of the association of the Nehru-Gandhi family with the two places.Addressing party persons, Khan said, \"We should unite in our fight in the 2014 Lok Sabha elections in the district to ensure victory of party candidates from Allahabad and Phulpur seats. This would restore the lost glory of the party and strengthen the hands of party's central leadership.Later, Khan also held meeting with block presidents, AICC and Pradesh Congress Committee (PCC) members from the city and prospective ticket seekers for their views. Others present included Anil Dwivedi, Fuzail Hashmi, Nishant Tripathi, Dal Bahadur Singh, Nishikant Tripathi and other party leaders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17302905", "title": "New waste segregation centre", "text": "BANGALORE: While the high court was pulling up the BBMP over the garbage crisis, at another corner of the city, mayor D Venkatesh Murthy was inaugurating a waste segregation unit.The unit near Mathikere, in north-west Bangalore, can hold 4-5 tonnes of waste after segregation. The centre is built at a cost of Rs 65 lakh and has a compound wall to prevent stench from spreading to the neighbourhood. Sources said the Palike will open more centres in other wards to reduce the garbage load on landfills. Already, 13 such centres are being operated and maintained by the BBMP and resident welfare associations.The one in Mathikere will employ pourakarmikas to segregate items like plastic, paper, sanitary waste and wet waste, and deploy ragpickers too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "17302764", "title": "Mismanagement blamed for dredging row", "text": "KANNUR: Mismanagement and efforts on part of officials to generate revenue for the port department have been blamed for the latest controversy over dredging at Azhikkal port. \"Dredging is done as an exercise to deepen the shipping channel and river basin, and it should be a controlled procedure,\" a source said. \"However, in Azhikkal, it was taken more as a revenue-generating one, thus leading to the present situation.\"Only 20,000 tonnes of sand was dredged a month to maintain the depth of the channel till a few years ago but it went up to 80,000 tonnes in recent years. This attracted vested interests who wanted to replace the societies, thus leading to a spat between the department and the latter.\"It is natural that the sand stock in the river basin depletes if you extract it continuously and some officials forgot this when they gave permission to mine sand without control. Though they brought it down to 30,000 tonnes a month later, these decisions led to more people getting attracted to the vocation and many turning jobless,\" he said.Two officials, including senior port conservator M Sudheer Kumar, were suspended in the issue. \"The officials had just implemented instructions from the higher-ups. By making them scapegoats, the actual culprits have gone scot-free,\" he said. \"The urgency on the part of some officials to stop permission to agencies to do filtering at the source, citing a Centre for Water Resources Development and Management ( CWRDM) report, should be seen from this perspective.\"The port authorities are yet to give a reason for implementing the findings of a report that the government has not accepted. Societies allege that the move is aimed at helping some big groups.The harbour engineering department had, two years ago, asked the port department to stop permitting filtering of sand as it polluted the river but it was not implemented after some officials opposed it. However, all those who talked about pollution conveniently overlooked the plywood factories in the locality, the effluent of which is dumped into the Valappatanam river.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17303659", "title": "President Pranab Mukherjee rejects Ajmal Kasab's mercy plea", "text": "NEW DELHI: President Pranab Mukherjee rejected the mercy petition filed by Ajmal Kasab , the Lashkar-e-Toiba terrorist sentenced to death for his role in the November 26, 2008 terror attack on Mumbai.The decision comes after the home ministry on October 23 rejected Kasab's mercy petition that had been addressed to the President.According to TV reports, Kasab, who was lodged at Mumbai's Arthur Road prison since his arrest, has been shifted to Yerwada jail.On May 6, 2010, the Mumbai trial court had awarded death sentence to Kasab which was later upheld by the Bombay High Court on February 21, 2011. The apex court rejected his appeal on August 29.The BJP had demanded that the apex court decision awarding death sentence to Kasab should be implemented at the earliest.Kasab has been lodged at Arthur Road prison since his arrest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new delhi/bangalore", "code": "17303043", "title": "IOA elections postponed yet again", "text": "NEW DELHI/BANGALORE: The fight to control the Indian Olympic Association (IOA) continues to get bitter by the day as both the factions, led by secretary general Randhir Singh and Boxing federation supremo Abhey Singh Chautala, get ready to play the end game. On Tuesday, there was hectic activity in the two camps once it became clear that the IOA elections would not take place on November 25, the original date.The poll process was supposed to get back on track with the appointment of Justice (retd) Anil Dev Singh on Monday to fill up the vacancy created by the resignation of SY Quraishi from the IOA election commission on Saturday. The commission deliberated on the issue till late on Tuesday night but failed to give a fresh schedule for the polls. However, sources told TOI that the scrutiny would be held by the end of this week.\"If the scrutiny is held by November 25, then we can assume that the election date will be another 8-9 days away. If you look at the current schedule there was a gap of eight days between scrutiny and elections. Despite the deliberations the panel couldn't announce a date today. The panel is expected to announce the date on Wednesday,\" sources said.It seems that the need to adhere to the Olympic charter as well as the Delhi High Court rulings on the government's Sports Code have put the IOA in a fix. While one faction wants the elections to happen before the meeting of the IOC's Ethics Commission scheduled in the first week of December, for obvious reasons, the other group is trying to delay the polls hoping that the IOC commission will pass some strictures.On Monday, Hari Om Kaushik, who has filed his nomination for the treasurer's post with the support of Randhir Singh, had requested the returning officer VK Bali to display the list of nominations received for various posts till 5 pm on November 16, the last date of nominations.\"I am requesting to kindly see para 6 (7) of the order/notification of election schedule and model election guidelines... the returning officer shall prepare a list of all nominations received by him, post wise, in Form 3 and publish the same in a conspicuous place in his office,\" Kaushik wrote in a letter to Bali.Rahul Mehra moves high courtMeanwhile, advocate Rahul Mehra moved the Delhi high court on Monday to stop the election process under the current dispensation. \"The resignation of Dr Quraishi is a clear sign that all sort of malpractices are bound to happen if the elections are held like this. The court will take up the matter soon and a notice will be issued,\" Mehra told TOI.Elaborating on his application, Mehra said there was no difference between the Sports Code and the Olympic charter and the IOA officials were trying to 'mislead everyone'. \"As per the IOC rules, in case of a variance between the Olympic charter and the NOC's constitution, the IOC charter will prevail and it clearly spells out the age and tenure restrictions,\" he said. \"The application to the HC is to postpone elections/look into the circumstances that led to the resignation of Quraishi, appoint an ad hoc body comprising Olympians,\" Mehra said.What Does The Sports Code Say?The president of any recognized NSF, including IOA, can hold the office for a maximum of 12 years with or without a break.The secretary and treasurer of any recognized NSF and IOA may serve a maximum of two terms of four years each after which a minimum cooling period of four years would apply before he can seek fresh election to either post.The president, secretary and treasurer of any recognized NSF and the IOA would cease to hold the post on attaining the age of 70 years.Olympic CharterAge limit: Any IOC member ceases to be a member at the end of the year during which he reaches at the age of 70.Tenure: IOC executive board member may serve for a maximum of two successive terms, regardless of the capacity in which he has been elected. In case a member has completed two successive terms, he may be elected again as member after minimum two years. This does not apply to the election for the office of president, for which there is no waiting periodIOA Elections 2012: TimelineMAY 23: IOA's constitution amendment committee brings back the State Olympic Association into prominence, nullifying the amendments made in Ranchi in February, 2011.JUNE 13: IOA Special AGM decides to meet the Prime Minister and apprise him of the objections against Sports Bill.SEP 24: IOA executive board decides to hold elections on November 25.OCT 18: SGM authorizes acting president to set up election panel.OCT 23: VK Malhotra names three-member election panel headed by SY Qureshi.NOV 15: IOC asks IOA to conduct elections as per IOA constitution.NOV 16: Top contenders including Abhey Chautala and Randhir Singh file nomination. Malhotra writes to IOC president reiterating that it opposes the sports code.NOV 17: Quraishi resigns as poll panel chief, scrutiny postponed .NOV 19: Anil Dev Singh appointed new IOA's EC chief.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17306141", "title": "Mariyaan shooting enters final schedule", "text": "Dhanush is quietly working for his next much-anticipated film Mariyaan in Bharat Bala's direction and the movie has reached it's final shooting schedule. Parvathi Menon of 'Poo' fame is playing the lead in Mariyaan.Dhanush tweeted recently \"Mariyaan final schedule. its gr8 2 get back 2 work after my spine injury.on d shores of nagarcoil with my cameraman marc.\"Mariyaan helmed by popular ad filmmaker Bharat Bala has music by AR Rahman and all the songs have been canned. In Mariyaan, he will be playing the role of a construction site worker and the upcoming schedule is said to take place in Nagercoil over the next few weeks.Dhanush is simultaneously working on Mariyaan , Sottavazhakutty with Sargunam and Raanjhnaa with Aanand L Rai. The actor is also busy producing the first film under his own production house, wonder films.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "malegaon", "code": "17301374", "title": "Malegaon up in arms over power tariff hike", "text": "MALEGAON: Hundreds of powerloom weavers in Malegaon on Tuesday burned electricity bills in protest against the recent tariff hike by the Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC).The group was led by local MLA Mufti Mohammed Ismael and was called by the Powerloom Federation of Maharashtra - a state level umbrella organization of over a hundred NGOs working for the powerloom weavers and textile industry. Activists of over a dozen local organizations also participated in the protest and demanded an immediate rollback of the tariff hike.Stating that the chief minister had, on October 31, promised that a decision to revise the tariff hike would soon be taken, Mufti alleged that the decision was pending due to an internal feud between the Congress and its state ally, the NCP. \"Going by the CM's promise, we expected a decision in the ensuing cabinet meeting. But it has been more than 15 days. It is learnt that an internal feud between the Congress and NCP is stopping the CM from making a decision,\" Ismael said.The MLA also alleged that due to the delay, the weavers, already battling recession and market slowdown since a year, were incurring a huge loss. Weavers in Maharashtra are supplied electricity on subsidized rates. According to Ismael, the state government had fixed a tariff of Rs 1.95 per/unit till March 2012. \"But MERC in August this year unilaterally took a decision to hike tariff to Rs 3.45 per/unit.This will wipe-out the state's textile industry,\"he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17302615", "title": "Death penalty must be retained for terror crimes", "text": "This newspaper has consistently held that the death penalty is not something modern, humane societies should normally have on their statute books. To that extent, if there is forward movement in the direction of doing away with capital punishment we are very much for the idea. However, as we have said in the past, an exception needs to be made for terror crimes. Much as we dislike the idea of the death penalty, we strongly feel it must be retained for this specific variety of crime.Related story:  Supreme Court calls for a relook at norms on death penalty", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17303012", "title": "Civic bodies told to find out unregistered sale deeds", "text": "JAIPUR: A division bench of Rajasthan high court has directed the JDA and JMC to physically inspect all commercial and residential units in the city to find out how many of them were not sold under a registered sale deed.The order came on a public interest litigation (PIL) filed by Jago Janata Society alleging that in the entire city, illegal colonization is taking place and pattas are being issued by societies in back date, no sale deed is being registered and the land as also flats or commercial units are being transferred based on unregistered transfer deed resulting in huge losses to state revenue.\"The bench has directed that every commercial and residential unit be physically inspected and find out that the same has been brought by the owner under a registered sale deed,\" said P C Bhandari, counsel for petitioner. The survey has been directed to be completed in a period of two months. The report has to be filed before a bench headed by Chief Justice Arun Mishra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17300457", "title": "IIT student drowned while trekking in Nagalapuram", "text": "CHENNAI: Four months ago, it was Prabhu Shankar. The 25-year-old drowned in a pond while fleeing wild bees in the Nagari forest of Andhra Pradesh on a trek. Now, it's 26-year-old S Jais Tom, a research scholar at IIT, Madras who drowned in the Nagalapuram check dam in Chittoor district of Andhra Pradesh while trekking on Saturday.The police who retrieved out the body on Sunday with the help of locals, said they have registered a case. \"We have flushed out the body after a long search. There were no wounds on the body. A case has been registered under Section 174 (unnatural death) of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC),\" said S Hanif, a senior constable at the Nagallapuram police station.There were 15 members in the trek organized by the Chennai Trekking Club (CTC). The members were selected through its website with a tag \"Let us run to Nagala East on Nov 17th.\" Tom's father Thomichan K Joseph said he had never expected that his only son would face an end like this.\"On Friday, my son informed me that he would be leaving for Nagalapuram with some friends. The trek was organized by the CTC. My son was very fond of trekking. He knew swimming. He must have drowned because of the undercurrents in the dam,\" said Joseph, a farmer who lives in Iritty in Kannur district of Kerala.Tom, into the third semester of the Ph.D (Physics) course, was a cheerful person, according to his friends at IIT Madras. \"I have never seen him tense. He was very cheerful. It's a big loss for us,\" said Raman Namboothiri, another research scholar at IIT Madras.Trekking is good, but there are strict rules to be followed while organizing treks to the wild. There are complaints that trekking clubs flout safety rules and trek to many forest areas without permission.\"Whenever a death occurs, the members of the trekking club will be there to help the victims' families. If they had showed the same interest in the safety aspect, it could have saved the lives of people like Prabhu Shankar and Jais Tom,\" said a former member of the CTC, who didn't want to be quoted.\"In the Nagalapuram trek, the team had taken a difficult route, not the usual one. If you take such routes, you should be extra cautious,\" he said.Peter Van Geit, the Belgium-based founder of CTC, didn't answer queries from ToI. Constable Hanif, however, said of late people from Tamil Nadu who trek in the Nagalapuram forest do so without the mandatory permission from the forest department which eventually leads to many fatalities.\"I have seen at least 20 youth dying during my three-year period here. It's sad,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17301566", "title": "RTO awaits court ruling to act against private vehicles", "text": "MARGAO: With the schools scheduled to re-open after the mid-term vacations next week, the issue of private vehicles being used to ferry students on a commercial basis has once again come to the fore.But before resuming the drive, the regional transport office (RTO) is now awaiting the ruling of the judicial magistrate in the 11 cases booked by it against private vehicles doubling as school vans for violating the Supreme Court guidelines.At the start of the academic year, the RTO had initiated a drive against unauthorized use of private vehicles as school vans. This led to protests by the private vehicle owners, following which the RTO had suspended the drive so as to provide them adequate time to put in place all safety measures for their vehicles to be used as school vans and get necessary permits for the purpose.\"We have given a copy of the Supreme Court guidelines to all the schools and bus operators in Margao and surrounding areas. Some of them wanted some time to get their buses ready to conform to the guidelines. For instance, the court guidelines mandate that the school buses should be painted yellow; but on account of the rainy season, which renders the painting task a tad difficult, we have given them time till September. After that there will be no let down and the violators will be penalized as per law,\" Abhay Naik, assistant director (enforcement), RTO, South Goa, had told TOI on July 13, while suspending the drive temporarily.Nearly two months after the deadline, the RTO wants to be absolutely sure about the legality of their action before resuming the drive.\"We have booked offences against 11 persons for using private vehicles as school vans on a commercial basis. If these cases result in conviction, we will go all out against the violators. We are waiting for the outcome of the cases booked by us,\" Naik told TOI on Tuesday.Sources in the RTO said that if private vehicles are to be used to ferry students, the owners of such vehicles have to obtain permits from the RTO to convert their vehicles into tourist taxis before using them as school vans. They will then have to adhere to all the guidelines in force governing school buses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17303820", "title": "Ajmal Kasab hanged and buried in Pune's Yerwada Jail", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a secret operation, LeT terrorist and 26/11 attacks accused Mohammed Ajmal Amir Kasab was hanged in the high-security Yerwada Jail in Pune at 7:30am today after a four-year-long trial. Maharashtra chief minister Prithviraj Chavan said he was buried inside the Yerwada Jail at 9.30am.Union home secretary R K Singh said: \"Family members of Kasab informed about the hanging through a letter sent by courier.\" The lone surviving terrorist in the Mumbai attack of November 26, 2008 was shifted to the Yerwada Jail following the rejection of his mercy petition by the President earlier on November 5.Home minister Sushil Shinde said: \"Ajmal Kasab was hanged at 7:30am. It took the Maharashtra government less than two weeks to hang Kasab after President Pranab Mukherjee rejected his mercy petition on November 5. Two days later, Union Home Minister Sushil Kumar Shinde signed on the file. It was sent to the Maharashtra government on November 8 and November 21, today, was fixed as the date of execution.\"According to Maharashtra home minister R R Patil: \"26/11 Mumbai terror attack accused Ajmal Kasab's mercy petition was rejected on November 8. He also confirmed that Kasab was hanged at about 7:30am on Wednesday.\"The punishment to Kasab is a true tribute to the victims and martyrs of the 26/11 Mumbai terror attacks,\" Patil said.Meanwhile, home minister Sushil Shinde said: \"Indian mission in Islamabad informs Pakistan government about Kasab's hanging through letter. Pakistan refuses to take the letter, which was then faxed.\"The entire process was executed very secretly, the home minister said.\"Yes, Kasab has been hanged this (Wednesday) morning at 7.30am in Yerawada Central Jail,\" Special Public Prosecutor Ujjwal Nikam, who led the 26/11 terror attacks case.In January 2010, nine of Kasab's associates, who had sneaked into Mumbai on the night of Nov 26, 2008, to unleash three days of terror, were quietly buried at an undisclosed location near Mumbai.Kasab's end came just five days before the fourth anniversary of the brutal terror attacks that killed 166 lives and injured 300.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "17302088", "title": "Kullu farmers to grow rare medicinal plants", "text": "MANALI: After frequent extraction of precious and rare Himalayan herbs, scientists of Medicinal Plants Board Delhi and Himachal Forest Research Institute have come up with a firm plan to grow medicinal plants commercially and strengthen the economy of farmers in the state.According to scientists, Himachal has abundance of medicinal herbs which can give farming a new direction.Now, scientists have claimed that they have identified several species of medicinal plants which can be grown commercially. For execution of the plan, a two-day training programme was organized in Manali where scientists and farmers discussed about farming of sub-tropical medicinal plants. Scientist and coordinator of the programme Jagdish Singh said the institution has identified some plants like kadu, nihani and van kakdi with have rich medicinal qualities. \"These saplings are being prepared in large quantity and would be distributed among farmers and horticulturists. This way they can become economically better,\" he said.A senior scientist with Medicinal Plants Board Delhi, Dr Sandeep Sharma imparted training on techniques of commercial farming of the plants. He gave lessons on collection and sowing of seeds, their transplantation and preparation of compost and vermin compost.\"This place is rich in many precious herbs. Their farming in a right way can strengthen economic state of local farmers,\" said P D Dogra, Kullu, divisional forest officer, who is a member of the campaign. The initiation of scientists to grow the medicinal plants may prove a vital step in increasing the income of hundreds of farmers and fruit growers. And it would also stop smuggling of herbs from higher regions of Himachal. Illegal extraction and trade of herbs is a new way to make easy money. The state police have arrested nearly two dozen smugglers under the Forest Act while ferrying rare herbs in last five months. The unscientific extraction of herbs has put their existence in danger.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "quepem", "code": "17301659", "title": "Sanguem office now queue-free", "text": "Quepem: People queuing up at the Sanguem sub-registrar's office for documents are finally heaving a sigh of relief as in the absence of the sub-registrar, an official has been deputed to clear the backlog of applications for birth and death certificates.The announcement of schemes, such as Laadli Laxmi and Griha Laxmi, triggered a rush for documents, but as the sub-registrar was on a fortnight's leave, applications were only being received and no documents were being issued.After TOI highlighted the people's problem in its issue dated November 15, the state registrar-cum-head of notary service, Pandharinath Bodko, deputed head clerk Sujata Raut Desai to Sanguem to sign the pending applications.\"We are issuing birth certificates within three-four days and marriage certificates after about eight days,\" Desai said, adding that the staff is working late to clear the backlog.As two posts of lower division clerks are vacant, an expert has been engaged to complete the pending work.Stating that the TOI report had alerted him, Bodko said he has also signed an order to depute an upper division clerk (UDC) to Quepem. \"This post was lying vacant for 15 days as the heard clerk is on leave,\" he said. Two more clerks have taken charge at the Quepem sub-registrar's office to cope with the workload of issuing birth, death and marriage certificates, Bodko said, adding that he would try to fill up all the vacant post in all offices in Goa within a week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17304396", "title": "Alam processions taken out on fourth Muharram", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Various alam processions were taken out on the fourth day of Muharram on Monday night. A series of majlis is also being organized in various parts of the city. These events are being organised in memory of Imam Husain and his faithful 72 companions who attained martyrdom at the historic battlefield of Karbala.The alam procession of Khuldabad was taken out which proceeded on its traditional route. The procession passed through Moti Masjid, GT Road, Imambara Minhajpur, Nakhas Kohna, Katju Road, daira Shah Ajmal and finally taken to Khuldabad Imamabara. Camels and horses were present in the procession.Another mehndi procession was also taken out from Nakhas kohna. This procession was taken through GT Road, old Muslim league's office, Suhag Store and finally reached Daira Shah Ajmal Imambara.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17301299", "title": "Flight attendant death: Theme park owner held", "text": "CHENNAI: Police on Tuesday arrested the owner of the theme park where a 22-year-old flight attendant fell to her death on October 2.E V Perumal Swamy, owner of the EVP Amusement Park at Nazarathpet near Poonamallee, about 25 km from the city, was picked up by a special team from a hospital in Vadapalani where he was undergoing treatment. Police have already arrested three people, including the ride operator and the theme park manager, on charges of negligence and for not putting in place proper safety measures. A search for Perumal Swamy's son Santosh is still on. A decision on remanding Perumal Swamy in judicial custody would be taken after getting the doctor's brief on his health condition, police said.On October 2, F Afia Magh, a native of Nagaland who was employed with Kingfisher Airlines , went to the theme park with some friends.During an \"Octopus ride\", she fell from a height of about 30 feet and sustained severe head injuries. She died on the way to a nearby hospital. Police pulled up the theme park management for lack of proper safety measures. Since then, the theme park had been closed for public.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17301124", "title": "Five held for stealing call centre cab", "text": "NEW DELHI: A gang of five robbers have been arrested for stealing a call centre cab at gunpoint from near Mayur Vihar area in east Delhi. Police recovered the vehicle within an hour and half of the incident. The GPS fitted in the Tata Sumo came of great use as the owner tracked its location and conveyed it to the police.The accused have been identified as Vikram, Amit, Rahul, Raj Kumar and Laxman. They have confessed their involvement in at least 12 cases. Two countrymade weapons were recovered from them.DCP East, Prabhakar, said that information about the robbery was received at 12.15 by the staff of New Ashok Nagar police station after which several teams were formed to nab the robbers.\"Ayub Khan, who was driving the SUV,, was on its way back from Loni in Ghaziabad to the BPO's office in Noida. When the cab reached Kondli Bridge it was stopped by five people who sought a lift. A short while after hitching a ride, the accused suddenly hit Ayub Khan with a country made pistol on his head and took control of the vehicle. Ayub Khan was bundled out of the cab in an injured condition on the Kondli Bridge again, and the assailants sped off towards Seemapuri,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17301440", "title": "Urban water supply to be de-linked from villages", "text": "NOIDA: The Noida Authority has decided to de-link water supply to rural areas from two of its underground reservoirs located in Phase-II and Sector 110 to fulfill requirements of residential sectors. Rural areas fed water from these two reservoirs would be supplied water from two new ones, construction of which is expected to be completed within a year.More than a dozen urban residential sectors are fed water from the reservoirs in Phase-II and Sector 110, apart from four villages located in their vicinity. \"Due to the large number of consumers, supply is getting hampered. At several places, consumers get water in their homes at very low pressures. Supply will be made normal by lessening the load on these two reservoirs,\" said M D Pandey, officer-in-charge of division-III of the Noida Jal Board.For building the new reservoirs for rural consumers, the Authority has already floated tenders for the construction work. The cost of each reservoir, with 2.5 kilolitres capacity, is expected to be Rs 2.5 crore. \"Work on the reservoirs is expected to be complete in nine months,\" said Pandey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17303109", "title": "Bus conductor returns bag with jewellery", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Ltd (PMPML) has felicitated bus conductor Abhijit Lad for handing over a lost bag containing gold ornaments worth over Rs 3 lakh to the authorities. A married couple had forgotten the bag in a PMPML bus while travelling from Nigdi to Swargate last week.The husband and wife, who have requested anonymity, are residents of Adarshnagar in Kiwale. They were on their way to Baramati to visit their relatives for Diwali. They had two bags with them. On reaching the Swargate bus terminus, they realised they had forgotten one of the bags in the bus. They immediately informed the police about the incident.Meanwhile, Lad found the bag and handed it over to the PMPML head office. The police contacted PMPML authorities, acquired the bag and returned it to the couple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17301404", "title": "Zilla parishad gets cracking on development works", "text": "NASHIK: The review meeting conducted by the district planning and development committee on Tuesday revealed that the zilla parishad (ZP) has shown improvements in the planning of development works as the distribution of funds reached a figure of 126.79 crore, on October 30, this year.The ZP administration had drawn flak from the district guardian minister during its last meeting on October 30. \"The planning office has since then received many applications from various zilla parishad offices and these have been sanctioned after proper scrutiny. As of now the funds distributed stand at Rs 126.79 crore while the zilla parishad itself has been able to spend Rs 36 crores,an increase of nearly 9 crore since the last meeting,\" district planning officer Pradeep Potdar said.The ZP had so far planned for 50% of the total 116 crores allocated for developmental works to be carried out by it. However, the parishad has only been able to spend 15% of total funds allocated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "on the occasion of the tripurari pornima festival, the directorate of art and culture, in association with the dipawali utsav samithi, will organize a state level boat competition on november 28 along the valvonti river in vithalpur, sanquelim. for details and entry forms contact lalit cold drink house, opposite vithal mandir, sanquelim, suraj pujai (ph", "code": "17301680", "title": "Boat contest at Sanquelim", "text": "On the occasion of the Tripurari Pornima festival, the directorate of art and culture, in association with the Dipawali Utsav Samithi, will organize a state level boat competition on November 28 along the Valvonti river in Vithalpur, Sanquelim. For details and entry forms contact Lalit Cold Drink House, opposite Vithal Mandir, Sanquelim, Suraj Pujai (Ph: 8087667909), Sameer Desai (Ph: 9923119009) or Deepak Sakhalkar (Ph: 9823587623). The first, second, third, fourth and fifth prize winners will be awarded 25,000, 20,000, 15,000, 10,000 and 7,500, respectively. Five consolation prizes of 5,000 each will also be presented. An honorarium of 4,000 each will be given to 20 boats as per the recommendation of the jury members, while the other participants will receive 1,000 each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17302655", "title": "Classes suspended in 7 colleges", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Teaching came to a halt in seven private and aided colleges of the city on Tuesday with teachers' expressing their resentment at non-implementation of the pension scheme, which has been pending since 1996.Even as the UGC criterion of 180 teaching days in college was being debated, teachers on pen down strike wasted several teaching hours. In view of the alleged inaction on the part of the Punjab government to implement the pension scheme, 11 teachers from Chandigarh's prominent colleges plan a chain hunger strike from November 23.\"An interim order of the Punjab and Haryana High Court regarding pension and gratuity scheme meant for teachers of non-government aided colleges directed the Punjab government to formulate pension rules by November 26. These were earlier provided in the scheme of 1996,\" D A V College Teachers' Union president Iqbalpreet Kaur said.While several teachers travelled to Bhatinda to be part of the agitation, others observed a pen down strike. \"There were no classes all day. Surprisingly, several students came expecting a few classes by guest faculty members. It was complete chaos,\" Amijot Singh, a student of GGDSD College, Sector 32 said. Teachers and principals in aided and private colleges, other than those of the government, have been demanding implementation of the pension and gratuity scheme, like their counterparts in government colleges. The latter got the benefits in 1985.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17305961", "title": "Hargo Boparai presents Bhangrafornia", "text": "Kente Wale Gabaroo is the new video by Hargo Boparai featuring Manjit Sahira. Residing in the Bay Area, California (a hub of Punjabi culture in the USA), Hargo Boparai has released his long awaited debut album entitled 'Bhangrafornia'.An understudy of Ustal Lal Singh Bhatti (Dhol Master), Hargo's album is a mix of heavy traditional folk sounds with west coast beats; both strong musical influences in his life since childhood. As one of the few producers residing the United States of America, Hargo is excited to share his work around the world and allow his 'music to do the talking'.Featured vocalists include Master Saleem, Surinder Shinda, and Jaggi Singh, along with some new comers from Punjab and the USA that are surely going to make their mark.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17305437", "title": "I have lost a lot: Sonali Mukherjee", "text": "Dhanbad girl Sonali Mukherjee was permanently disfigured by a horrific acid attack in 2003 when she was just 17. Her family has spent all their savings on her treatment and is now practically living in penury. The 27-year-old's plight drew global attention when she appealed for euthanasia. However, Sonali's one wish was fulfilled when she got to meet Amitabh Bachchan on the sets of Kaun Banega Crorepati, season 6. Sonali, who was accompanied by Lara Dutta Bhupathi in the game , won 25 lakh.How was the experience on KBC? Bahut hi acha laga. I could never imagine that I would meet big people. Meeting Big B was the best thing. He is such a big star , but is so humble and down-to-earth. He held my hands and escorted me to the hot seat. He was behaving just like a father would do. I even met Lara Dutta Bhupathi for the first time on the sets. Since I cannot see, Lara came to help me with the questions. What will you do with the prize money? I haven't thought about it yet. If I recover, I want to help people like me. In my nine years of struggle, I have faced a lot. I know the kind of difficulties we have to face, with no help from any quarters. I've had 22 surgeries and nine more are remaining, so that at least my eyes and ears are functional. Kitni berukhi, kitni udaasi sahi hai maine... ghut ghut ke jee hoon main . I will also keep some amount for my rehabilitation.Acid attacks are not isolated incidents in the country. Even Kangana Ranaut's sister, Rangoli, was subjected to an acid attack. Who do you hold responsible? Who do I hold responsible for my plight if not the government? It's their responsibility to make people fear the law. Criminals often roam around scot-free. I appeal to the government to ensure that these cases are not repeated. Make a separate law, which is not just on paper, but is followed. There should be vigilance committees at the grassroot level. I vehemently support a strict and non-bailable section for acid attackers. They should also increase the compensation amount for the victims. Steps should also be taken to rehabilitate them.Do you think if it was not India, you would have got justice? I think so. People abroad have told me that laws there are much stringent and that the cost of the treatment is borne by the government.After the incident you shifted base to Delhi. Would you like to go back to Dhanbad, where you belong? No, never. I hate that place. Nobody came forward to help me there. I have lost a lot. I also fear for my life there as the attackers are out on bail.You were an NCC cadet and have been a fighter all along, so don't you think you should drop the idea of euthanasia and help more acid attack victims instead? I have fought a lot. Nine years is a long time. Ghar mein hath pe hath dhare nahi baithi thi. But after all my pleas fell on deaf ears, death was the only option left. I was fed up of life. But then my case caught the attention of media and they gave me a platform to air my grievances. After that, support poured in from all quarters. Now I know I am not alone, so I have dropped that idea and am determined to fight like a soldier till the end. If I am alive today, it is all because of media support.Who has been your biggest support otherwise? My father. I don't know what would have happened to me if not for him.Do you think after the show is aired, more people will come out in your support? It is difficult to say. Amitabh Bachchan has appealed on the show as well as on Twitter. He has a big fan following. I am hoping for the best. Let's wait and watch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17301564", "title": "Activists demand probe, women's commission seeks detailed report", "text": "MUMBAI: The Thane (rural) police have come under scrutiny for arresting two young women from Palghar over an online post against Sunday's shutdown in Mumbai and its neighbourhood. Even as the state women's commission called for a detailed report from the Thane (rural) superintendent of police, lawyers and activists questioned if the police buckled under political pressure and acted against the girls.Former bureaucrat and advocate Abha Singh filed a complaint before the Maharashtra State Commission for Women (MSCW) on Tuesday asking for a probe into the matter. \"The police seem to have violated the law by detaining the two women in the evening, when no woman should be detained,\" she said, asking the commission to summon records of the case and check if the guidelines for detaining women at night were followed. \"Departmental action should also be taken against the police if they are proven guilty of violating the law,\" she demanded.Shaheen Dhada (21) and her uncle, meanwhile, said while she was detained late in the evening, the arrest was carried out the next morning. Shaheen and her friend Rini Shrinivasan (21) were arrested for the former's online comment.\"Such behaviour reflects the Talibanization of the state. It is a wrong trend and if not checked now, it will only embolden those who can use force to achieve their ends. This case shows that not only freedom of expression, but one's life and reputation are also at stake,\" said Singh.MSCW chief Soumita Biswas was away in Kerala and did not answer calls for comment. Her representative said they would take decide on the course of action after receiving a full report from the Thane (rural) SP. In Delhi, National Commission for Women member Nirmala Samant Prabhavalkar said, \"Now that chief minister Prithviraj Chavan is seized of the matter and plans to probe the role of the Palghar police, we should await the findings. As a lawyer, I feel the intention of the person posting the comments is crucial in such cases. The courts will have to determine whether the women meant to engender communal hatred.\"Advocate Flavia Agnes of the women's rights group, Majlis, said the incident indicated that the police were acting under fear and pressure.\"Everything went peacefully and the police did a good job of maintaining law and order during (Bal Thackeray's) funeral. However, in Palghar, the police failed to follow the law. They acted under pressure and detained two women at night. Everybody has the right to express his/her opinion. The (Shiv) Sena has hurt many sentiments in the past. Why should a 21-year-old be stopped from voicing her opinion? The events of that day send out a very wrong message,\" said Agnes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17302600", "title": "The mantra to good governance is not always downsizing, but rightsizing", "text": "In general, we believe that there is a great deal of overstaffing in the government sector and that needs to be pruned. However, there are clearly areas in which the quality of service would suffer if there aren't enough people to do the job properly and quickly. In all such areas, the government must act fast to fill up vacancies or enhance staffing to meet the increasing demand. The mantra to good governance is not always downsizing, but rightsizing.Related article:  Centre to assess staff strength of RTOs", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17301241", "title": "Yashwant Sinha demands Nitin Gadkari's resignation", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP faces fresh embarrassment just ahead of its all-India protest against the government and the upcoming winter session of Parliament with senior leader Yashwant Sinha firing a salvo against party president Nitin Gadkari.Sinha on Tuesday demanded that Gadkari must quit without waiting for a formal verdict on allegations of irregularities leveled against the Purti group founded by him. Sinha's remarks echo Rajya Sabha MP Ram Jethmalani, his son Mahsh and BJP national executive member Jagdish Shettigar who have asked Gadkari to resign.\"Whether our party president is guilty or not is not the issue today. The issue is that all of us in public life should be beyond reproach... I call upon Nitin Gadkari , with all the humility at my command, to immediately step down from the post of party president,\" Sinha said.The comments reignited the controversy over Gadkari's business dealings that has exposed factional fault lines in the BJP and RSS. While a section of BJP leaders feels he must step down to save the party from criticism that its campaign against corruption is duplicitous, others are arguing that the charges are yet to be established.The extent to which the Gadkari affair has paralysed BJP was evident when a meeting of party leaders held on Tuesday morning to discuss parliamentary strategy skipped any reference to corruption. Deputy leader in Lok Sabha Gopinath Munde's reference to the blockade of the monsoon session over Coalgate failed to evoke any comment.The silence, said sources, spoke volumes as the party wrestles with the contradictions of defending Gadkari against reports of questionable investments in Purti while also targeting Congress over a slew of corruption scandals.Responding to the latest broadside against Gadkari, party spokesperson Ravi Shankar Prasad said, \"The party considers the statement issued by Sinha as inappropriate. The party would appeal to him to reconsider his stand.\"Sinha's criticism seems well deliberated, with the leader saying, \"BJP has always set the highest standard of conduct in the past which should be followed even now. We were a party with a difference earlier. We must continue to be a party with a difference even today and in the future.\"As reprimands go, the rap handed out to Sinha is mild although it remains to be seen whether he will desist from further public attacks on Gadkari. Even if Sinha does not press his point further, there is every likelihood of demands being aired seeking the BJP chief's resignation.The latest incidence of BJP's inner party turmoil is bound to cast a shadow on the party's protest on Wednesday with Gadkari himself slated to lead the show in Delhi. He was earlier supposed to be in Arunachal Pradesh but will now be in the capital, heightening the apprehensions of his party colleagues.Renewed interest in BJP's internal matters is likely to see Congress hitting back when the main opposition raises scandals affecting the ruling party, including the controversies surrounding the businessman son-in-law of Congress chief Sonia Gandhi.Sinha has made no secret of his unhappiness with Gadkari and reflects the impatience that some people feel over RSS bosses adopting a kid glove treatment towards their protege. The Sangh continues to take the view that it will not be guided by a \"media trial.\"The split in BJP has seen leaders backing Gadkari out of concern over the possible emergence of Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi if Nagpur's man had to quit. BJP has so far accepted the \"clean chit\" given to Gadkari by chartered accountant S Gurumurthy - who is considered close to the RSS.However, an apparent flip-flop by Gurumurthy - that was quickly corrected - only served to increase doubts in the minds of the party rank and file.Both Sinha and Gadkari were present at meeting of the parliamentary party's executive committee at veteran leader L K Advani's residence on Tuesday morning.After Sinha made his statement, BJP said various party forums were available to the senior leader for discussing the issue.Jethmalani, while demanding Gadkari's resignation, had claimed the backing of BJP MPs Sinha, Jaswant Singh and Shatrughan Sinha. On Tuesday, Jethmalani said he was happy that Sinha has openly come out in his support.Sinha said he was issuing his statement for Gadkari's resignation with a \"great deal of sadness and regret and after exhausting the forums available\" for him in the party.\"I am confident that the issue I am raising has merit and I have faith in the wisdom of the party to be able to deal with this issue. In fact, it is this faith which kept me from issuing this statement earlier. Unfortunately, despite my best efforts the party has been unable to take a decision in the matter,\" he said.The former Union minister and MP from Hazaribagh said he was \"greatly saddened\" by the events over the last few weeks. \"We have also deeply disappointed those who were looking towards us to fight the mind boggling corruption of the Congress party. We have no right to let down people of India... this is what we have done by taking the easy way out through a questionable method of self-certification,\" Sinha said referring to Gurumurthy's clean chit Gadkari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17302054", "title": "Soon, aircraft-like toilets for railways", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Tired of avoiding a visit to Indian Railways toilets reeking with a nauseating stench? Get ready to excuse yourself into natty and fanciful washrooms fitted with airplane-like vacuum toilets.New railway minister Pawan Kumar Bansal , who hails from Chandigarh -- one of the cleanest cities of India -- has put the new aviation style engineering design for railways on a fast track.\"We have identified some 55 cities where toilet systems of trains badly need to be revamped. These systems are part of the second phase plan of cleanliness improvement, after we introduced the bio-toilets earlier this year,\" Bansal told TOI.These vacuum systems are part of a Rs 800-crore railways revamp plan, which includes installation of 2,500 bio-toilets and on-board facilities like satellite TV and wireless internet.A global bid for 80 such systems for 40 coach sets was launched by the railway board on January 31 this year.Once procured, these toilets will be fitted by the rail coach factory (RCF) at Kapurthala. RCF has already produced 1,200 bio-toilets based on the technology by the defence research development organisation (DRDO) this year for the Indian Railways.\"The DRDO technology, in which the water passes through a chlorine tank and is discharged as clean water while the gas generated evaporates, is already the first-of-its kind in the world. With vacuum technology systems, our trains would be as sophisticated as those in Europe,\" said B N Rajshekhar, chairman, RCF.The decision to introduce vacuum toilet systems was first mooted on March 28, 2011, by the railway board's mechanical engineering wing director Ajay Singh.However, the plan was put on hold as railways also wanted to finalize the ground handling facilities and mobile evacuation facilities for trains using these toilets at New Delhi station.These vacuum systems will now be the fourth type of prototype for the Railways after bio-toilets (using DRDO technology), US-imported anaerobic bacteria bio-toilets and controlled discharge toilet system (CDTS) used in Shatabdis and Rajdhanis.The toilets with anaerobic bacteria consume the waste material and convert it into water and gas. While in CDTS, the discharge is released in its original state but only a train has attained a minimum speed of 30km per hour.\"However, even that is a problem as the waste is released on the tracks, which not only corrodes them (railway tracks) but the procedure to clean it remains difficult,\" said Bansal.The minister also shared that IIT Kanpur along with Lucknow's research development and standards organisation (RDSO) was developing a zero discharge toilet system (ZDTS). Like vacuum technology, ZDTS too uses both recycling and evacuation.At present, 47,980 coaches are used regularly for passenger service over Indian Railways. Keeping this population in the view, railways has to operate 1,60,000 toilets on coaches clocking speeds of 100 kmph plus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17300723", "title": "Jijabai Technological Institute's highest salary package sees Rs 20 lakh dip", "text": "MUMBAI: Showing a reflection of a sluggish economy, one of the city's premier engineering institutes has seen a dip in the highest salary package offered to it's students.Even as the average salary package this year at Matunga's Veermata Jijabai Technological Institute (VJTI) has gone up marginally, the highest offer at the campus, till date, has come down to Rs 30 lakh per annum from last year's Rs 52 lakh. Though the placement season will continue till next year, the offer might not cross the benchmark that was set last year, say officials.However, SM Gaonkar, the training and placement officer, said, \"Despite the global recession witnessed over the world, VJTI has got many good offers. Many big firms have come to the campus for hiring. The average package offered to students has gone up as compared to last year. While other engineering institutes are facing a problem, VJTI has been upbeat with its campus placements.\" Around 50 companies have already visited the campus for the final placements and 20 more are scheduled to come by the end of December. The numbers might go up to 100 in the beginning of next year. Over 80% of students from most of the branches, except production and textile, have been placed alrea8dy. The students have currently been placed for a June 2013 joining date.Last year, Microsoft hired three students for its US office from the VJTI campus with the impressive Rs 52-lakh package. Though Microsoft came to the campus this year and hired five students, the placements were for their India office, with a package of not more than Rs 16 lakh. Till date, Google has made the highest offer of Rs 23 lakh in this year's placements. A Japanese firm, Rakuten, which has shortlisted around 14 candidates for their final interviews on December 3, will make an offer of Rs 30 lakh. The average salary package, which was around Rs 4-4.5 lakh last year, has gone up to Rs 5 lakh among the students placed till now. Most of the students are getting a package of Rs 5-6 lakh.According to Gaonkar, Microsoft US did not have any vacancies this year. \"They have hired around five students for the Indian office. We also have a Chicago-based firm which is visiting the campus in December. Even if they offer $80,000, the offer would come to around Rs 44 lakh, which is good enough,\" said Gaonkar. But there may not be any firm offering a package similar to that of last year, he added.Most of the placements are for software firms currently. \"Software companies are hiring the most on the campus. Production and textile are the only two streams where the hiring pace is slow. There are not many jobs available in the core industry in production and textile. However, we have been able to place the students in the non-core firms. Over 80% of the students have already been placed from electronics, computer, IT and electrical engineering,\" said Gaonkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17300694", "title": "Inconsistent attendance policy troubles DU students", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi University students writing the semester exams are now subject to a hopelessly inconsistent attendance policy across colleges. While some colleges are yet to compute attendance and are allowing everyone to write exams, another set has set the minimum attendance mark lower than the university-stipulated 66.6%. A third set of colleges say that as instructions giving principals power to decide have not been issued in writing, they will be following the 66.6% norm.Kamala Nehru College brought the number of detainees down from 253 to 80 by lowering the minimum attendance mark to 50%. \"Since the university has given principals the power to take decisions on their own, we decided, judiciously, to reduce it to 50% to accommodate as many as possible. The decision has been supported by the staff council and attendance committee,\" says Geetesh Nirban, spokesperson, KNC.Its neighbour, Gargi College, is allowing everyone for now. But whether the set of students writing the exams now will be allowed to take the second or fourth semester exams will depend on their attendance. \"The science practicals start very early. We are going to calculate it yearly and draw up the list of those short of attendance in March or April,\" says Gargi principal, Meera Ramachandran.The situation is the same at Dyal Singh College. They will be sticking to 66.6% but are yet to compile the data. \"Unless we get something in writing, I have no powers to alter things. We are now letting students write the exams and are simultaneously compiling the list. If we find students have fallen short we will have to stop them,\" says principal I S Bakshi.In North Campus, Ramjas College has lowered the minimum attendance to 22%. \"We wanted to allow as many students as possible,\" says principal, Rajendra Prasad. Khalsa College, too, is allowing all students to write. \"We got the parents to submit undertakings and warned them that this concession will not be available from next time,\" says principal Jaswinder Singh.The question teachers are asking is what will happen to the students who are detained. \"Abroad, if you are detained for one semester, you write the exam in the next. What we have here is neither annual nor semester and in this hybrid system you waste a year. But next year there will be a four-year system in place,\" observes Sanam Khanna who teaches English at KNC.Moreover, the new exam policies have, apparently, left students \"frazzled\". \"The first page, where the students are required to fill in details, has changed a lot. They have introduced many more parameters and new roll-number formats. Students were frazzled as they weren't informed in advance and were filling it wrong. It's a good system but they sent three-four page instructions for invigilators on the morning of the exam. The adhocism is monumentally foolish,\" says a teacher.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17300834", "title": "Four arrested for murder of criminal in Wadala", "text": "MUMBAI: The Wadala Truck Terminus police have arrested four persons for allegedly killing a local goon, John Fernandes (28), on Monday. The deceased was suspected to be running a gang that would pilfer water and electricity and supply it to slums after charging huge amount from the slumdwellers.Those arrested include Pandurang alias Pandu Kannan (24), Arvind Chaurasia (21), Gurmeet Dilgooz (20) and Ranjit Mishra alias Kawwa (21). They were produced before the court and sent to police custody. \"We have just taken their remand and will interrogate them thoroughly to find out the motive. We suspect they are from a rival gang,\" said an officer.Police said Fernandes was murdered in Antop Hill. \"The accused had used choppers to attack the deceased over a feud,\" said a police officer. The murder took place while Fernandes was returning from the home of his brother, Anand. He had gone there with a lawyer to get some documents to facilitate bail for his brother, who is in jail. The murder took place around 1.20pm. Cops said Fernandes had gone on a bike. He parked it and went to meet his relatives. \"After he stepped out of a bylane, four men attacked him. His throat was slit,\" the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17301345", "title": "Gandhi statue on Marina to get a facelift", "text": "CHENNAI: A city landmark, the statue of Mahatma Gandhi on the Marina Beach will be out of the public eye for brief while. People will be able to view it in about two months after restoration work, to be undertaken by the state public works department at an estimated 11.95 lakh, is complete.The exposure to saline air over the years has taken a toll, sources said. \"As part of the plan, the granite stones will be done in the original colour. A new anti-rust, steel grill with pipe barricading will encircle the statue,\" said a senior official, who oversaw scaffolding works at the site. The government has roped in Krishna Nagappa, a renowned sculptor, for the restoration. Krishna is the grandson of M S Nagappa, who sculpted the statues of many great leaders, including Annie Besant, that are installed on the Beach Road and elsewhere in the city.The bronze statue of Mahatma Gandhi was unveiled by Jawaharlal Nehru in 1959. After the then K Kamaraj-led state government decided to put up the statue, on the lines of a massive structure near Rashtrapathi Bhavan circle in New Delhi, Roy Chowdhury, a renowned sculptor and principal of the Madras School of Arts, was given the task. He is said to have completed it in record time.Standing on a 12-ft-high pedestal, the black structure withstood the test of time. \"But a lot of flakes formed over and above the statue, and the features have been disturbed due to a coat of paint added every year,\" Nagappa told TOI. He and his team of sculptors will get to work in the coming days. \"There is an imperative need to restore the statues of great leaders, which are landmarks of the city,\" he said. The repairs will include setting right several cracks formed at the base of the structure, Nagappa said.After the renovated statue is thrown open to the public, people will be prevented from going too close to the statue as the pedestal made of raw blocks of granite had been damaged in recent years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17302486", "title": "Poor arrangement caused stampede, say worshippers", "text": "PATNA: Chhath worshippers, who are still under a shock following the stampede at Adalatghat on the bank of the Ganga here in which 16 persons lost their lives, blamed the district administration for poor arrangement\".A worshipper, Prem Kumar, said there was inadequate arrangement to accommodate the large crowd of devotees that throng the ghat, which had never witnessed a tragedy like this earlier. Kumar said he was fortunate to survive the tragedy as he chose to stay put at the ghat 10 minutes before the stampede occurred.Jaiprakash Bharti of Bhojpur district, who had come with his family to offer obeisance to the Sun God, said the narrow pathway between the Adalatghat and the road outside were to blame for the tragedy. \"The pathway should be broadened into a road by next year if a stampede of this scale is to be avoided,\" Bharti said.The usual bustle was missing this morning at the Adalatghat with most of the worshippers outside Patna preferring not to visit the ghat and paid their obeisance elsewhere.An aged woman, Nita Devi, blamed inadequate security arrangement at the Adalatghat to manage the swelling crowd.A Patna resident Amit Kumar said he was so traumatized after watching the scene at the Adalatghat that he did not take his children out Tuesday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17302717", "title": "BRTS buses collide, 15 hurt", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In a first, two BRTS buses met with a head-on collision between Ranip and Vyaswadi on Tuesday at 8.45 pm injuring 15 people including the two bus drivers.For the first time since its inception, two BRTS buses have met with a head-on collision. Front portion of both the buses that were close to the driver's seat, were smashed in the high-speed impact. One of the driver's cabin caught fire immediately after the collision.Fire brigade officials who rushed to the spot said that the two BRTS bus drivers, Alpesh Mir and Bashir Mansuri sustained multiple injuries and one of them is in a critical condition. Both have been admitted to the Civil Hospital.Some of the injured passengers are Sona Thakor, 55, Anuj Chaudhary, 28, Bijal Patel, 22 and Dhiraj Kumar, 25. The Ahmedabad Fire and Emergency Services (AFES) ambulance rushed some of the victims to a private hospital nearby and to the VS Hospital, said officials.Six of the injured were taken to Civil Hospital, four were shifted to local clinics while one passenger was shifted to VS hospital. Severe traffic jams were reported following the accident as rescue services and locals started helping the injured and the passengers out of both the buses.\"The incident took place when one of the BRTS buses careened out of control after its front, right tyre burst while the vehicle was in full-speed. This was bus number 39 plying between Maninagar and RTO circle. The bus lost control and rammed into bus number 20 that was headed from the opposite direction between RTO to Naroda,\" said additional chief fire officer of AFES, Rajesh Bhatt. Passersby who saw the accident alerted AFES control room to rescue passengers who got stuck in the buses. The hydraulic doors had jammed and the drivers, who operate the doors, were severely injured. The panic-struck passengers could not come out. They were also looking for a tool that is supposed to be inside the bus for breaking the glass. \"But, this piece of equipment was missing from both the buses,\" said a senior fire department official.Rethinking safetyThe collision of the two BRTS buses has raised safety issues of the BRTS corridor. With the current accident, the authorities may have to rethink the width of the buffer space in between ,for two buses to pass safely. Passengers in the bus also complained that they could not find the glass breaking axe to come out of the bus. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17304352", "title": "7,000 students to get certificates, medals at UPRTOU convocation", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The seventh convocation of UP Rajarshi Tandon Open University is going to be held on November 23 at the Convocation grounds of the academic campus in Phaphamau, Allahabad.Governor and Chancellor B L Joshi will preside over the convocation and chief guest is Padamshree Professor M Anandakrishnan, Chairman, Board of Governors, IIT, Kanpur. Nearly 7,000 students who have passed the examinations of December 2011 and June 2012 will receive degrees and diplomas at the function and 15 outstanding students will receive gold medals on the occasion.More than 800 students have registered and they will arrive from remote places from all over the State.The Chancellor Gold Medal is going to MSc (Bio-Chemistry) student Santosh Kumar of Azamgarh. He topped the June 2012 examination and scored the highest marks (84.41 per cent) among all undergraduate and postgraduate students.Recipients of the University Gold Medal are:Post Graduate: Pramod Kumar, MJMC School of Humanities, Riya Maurya, MA(Sociology) School of Social Science, Priti Singh, M Com, School of Management, Sarvesh Kumar Srivastava, MCA,School of Computer and Information Scieince, Shiv Kumar, MA (Education), School of Education, Santosh Kumar, MSc (Bio-Chemistry) School of Science.Under Graduate students: Garima Singh, BLIS, School of Humanities, Mohhamad Ehsan Ali, BA, School of Social Science, Pooja Tripathi, B.Com., School of Management, Hare Krishna Dixit, BCA, School of Computer and Information Science.In this convocation Donor Gold Medals would also be awarded to the following brilliant students: Alka Srivastava- MCA, Johra Ahmad Mirza memorial Gold Medal, Subhlaxmi Srivastava - MBA,Kailashpat Nevetia Gold Medal,Kumari Rajni -BA , Late Anil-Meena Chakravarti memorial Gold Medal, Riya Maurya- MA (Sociology) Late Anil-Meena Chakravarti memorial Gold Medal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17300733", "title": "PIL: Convert secretariat to court premises", "text": "CHENNAI: Social activist 'Traffic' Ramaswamy has filed a public interest writ petition seeking conversion of the new assembly-cum-secretariat complex on Anna Salai into a combined court premises housing all magistrate and sessions courts in the city.The first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam has asked advocate-general A Navaneethakrishnan to file the government's response to the PIL within four weeks.In his PIL, Ramaswamy said the present high court premises was too crowded with litigants, advocates and visitors because it housed scores of subordinate courts besides the high court. Explaining the need to have separate premises for high court and the other courts, as is the case of other states, he said it would decongest the present court premises, besides ensuring a healthy work atmosphere.Ramaswamy pointed out that at present the city had three different magistrate complexes functioning in different locations. At times, litigators do not even know where a particular court was located, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "17300820", "title": "Man, wife booked for hiding first marriage", "text": "THANE: The Mahatma Phule police in Kalyan have booked a man for allegedly marrying a woman without informing her about his first marriage.Accused Manoj Kene's first wife and three other family members, who helped the accused hide his first marriage, have also been booked.Manoj's second wife Nisha had approached the Kalyan sessions court in the matter. Following the court order, the police on Tuesday lodged a complaint against her husband, his first wife Savita, and relatives Harshad, Vishal and Rakesh.According to the complaint filed by Nisha, she married Manoj on May 24, 2012, and went to live with his family. On September 19, she learnt that Manoj was already married and had not given divorce to her first wife Savita. The complainant said she was even more surprised to learn that Savita was aware of Manoj's second marriage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "tuticorin", "code": "17302318", "title": "Fishermen to strike work today", "text": "TUTICORIN: Fishermen in the coastal districts of Tamil Nadu will go on a day-long strike on World Fisheries Day on Wednesday to express their protest against the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant (KKNPP). Fishermen from the 13 coastal districts of Tamil Nadu and nine coastal districts of Kerala are expected to participate in the strike. Demonstrations will be held in all district headquarters protesting the commencement of the nuclear power plant which the fishermen claimed will seriously affect their lives.Subash Fernando, coordinator of Federation of All Fishermen Associations of Pearl City told media persons that they wanted to express their displeasure on World Fisheries Day, which they consider will be the last one in their lives under normal circumstances. \"We are calling a strike on Wednesday and take out demonstrations and rallies and will submit a petition to the collectors in these 22 districts, urging the government to scrap the nuclear power plant,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "17301113", "title": "Two of family killed in bus mishap", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: Two Malad residents were among the four killed in a bus accident on the Mumbai-Goa highway near Chiplun on Tuesday. Twenty others are injured, of which three are reported to be in a serious condition.The Mumbai victims\u00e2\u20ac\u201dShashidhar Karkera (42) and his daughter, Aditi Karkera (13)\u00e2\u20ac\u201dwere residents of Agarwal Trinity Tower near Orlem in Malad (W). Two more members of the Karkera family are badly injured in the mishap. The Karkeras were headed for their hometown in Mangalore.The other two deceased have been identified as Farooq Mohammad Dar (32), a native of Jammu and Kashmir and Keshavlal Devji Dholu (62) of Vengurla in Ratnagiri. According to the Sawarde police, the bus was carrying 33 persons at the time of the accident.\"The driver lost control of the bus at a turn due to its speed and it turned turtle at Asurde village along the highway. The injured were taken to a hospital at Dervan. Our investigation into the mishap is under way,\" said a senior police officer.The bus driver, Paramsivan Kutti Torai Pallar (38), has been booked for rash and negligent driving.A neighbour of the Karkeras told TOI that Shashidhar used to work in the Middle East. His widow, Arunakshi is injured while their younger daughter, Shruti, who is currently in the ICU, is reportedly critical.Both their daughters are from Carmel of St Joseph School in Malad (W).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17301743", "title": "Consultants hired to spot site for international airport at Agra", "text": "LUCKNOW: The state tourism department on Tuesday hired consultants to find a suitable site for international airport in Agra. The department has approved a consortium of experts comprising RITES Limited and KPMG Advisory Services Private Limited for the purpose and a letter of intent has been issued to the companies.Confirming the news, director general tourism Manoj Kumar Singh said the consultants will meet on November 26. \"We would be handing over them the details of what exactly the state government is looking forward to,\" he said, adding, \"we would share the preliminary reports with the consultants and tell them about the challenges and possible solutions as well.\"Sources said the consultancy service agreement will be executed within 15 days. But prior to that, the firms have to send the acknowledgement of acceptance within a week of receiving the letter of intent. The international airport in Agra-Mathura circuit will cater to the needs of tourists visiting these two cities.Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav had mooted the idea of an international airport during his visit to the two cities recently. And within next four days, the tourism department prepared a \"concept report\" on it. The report termed the idea an international airport in the area as a \"hot selling proposition\". To back the claim, it cited the number of foreign tourists visiting the city every year. As per the plan, the airport will built on private-public partnership (PPP) model and likely to be completed by 2017.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17302137", "title": "HC tells government to act on ACB\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s liquor scam report", "text": "HYDERABAD: The high court on Tuesday directed the state government to act within four weeks on the report of the ACB that brought out the various misdeeds of liquor syndicates in the state. The division bench, comprising acting Chief Justice Pinaki Chandra Ghose and Justice Vilas V Afzalpurkar, put off the hearing by five weeks to monitor the progress in this regard. The ACB had submitted its final report on the liquor syndicates to both HC and state government on Monday.The bench made this order while dealing with two petitions against liquor syndicates and the 'spectator role' being played by the state and its machinery. One of the petitioners had even sought a CBI probe to unmask the real culprits behind the scam. However, the bench ruled out any CBI probe at this stage. \"One of the state agencies has already completed its probe and submitted its report, and unless the report is set aside, the question of probe by another agency does not arise,\" Justice Ghose said.When the counsels for the petitioners expressed objections over the report being kept secret and apprehensions that the authorities might dilute the issue, Justice Ghose advised them to reserve their fears for some time. \"Let the state act. Do not make any submissions now. We have gone through the report. Remember, we are monitoring the case and it will come back to us after five weeks,\" the acting CJ said. Advocate general A Sudarsan Reddy told the bench that the state would act within four weeks on the report.The ACB said it was waiting for permission from the government to proceed further in the case under Section 19 of the Prevention of Corruption Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17303234", "title": "Vivekananda exhibition flagged off", "text": "COIMBATORE: A mobile exhibition on the life and times of Swami Vivekananda was flagged off in Coimbatore on Tuesday marking his 150th birth anniversary. The specially-designed exhibition vehicle with the swami's rare photographs, quotes and sayings will travel to over 150 schools in the district and reach out to over 1.5 lakh children.An initiative of city-based Jagannath Textile Company, the exhibition would focus mainly on rural schools, where children would get a glimpse of the multi-faceted life of Vivekananda. The vehicle carries rare pictures of major events in his life including meetings with his mentor Sri Ramakrishna Paramahamsa and delivery the famous Chicago speech.According to Ramesh Tibrewal of Jagananth Textiles, Swami Vivekananda holds a pride of place among the makers of modern India and the exhibition has been designed in a way to introduce him as one of the greatest patriots to have ever been born in this country. The students who visit the exhibition will get free booklets on the inspiring life of Vivekananda, Life of Swami Vivekananda, in English and Swami Vivekanandarin Valkaium Varalarum, in Tamil. Quiz competitions for students on India's cultural heritage and freedom movement would be organized as party of the exhibition apart from special student rallies dedicating the values cherished by Vivekananda. A website on the swami's teachings is nearing completion. V G Mohan Prasad, chairman, VGM Hospital, flagged off the exhibition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17302134", "title": "Parkash Singh Badal wants Rs 5,000 crore to diversify crop", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab government has asked the Centre to help the state in promoting farm diversification and demanded a technology mission for the same with an allocation of Rs 5,000 crore for green revolution areas in the 12th Five Year Plan.Batting for the state's case before a high-level delegation of experts from agriculture, animal husbandry, dairy and fisheries led by Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar , Punjab CM Parkash Singh Badal said that the procurement of alternative crops, especially maize, through Food Corporation of India at MSP should be ensured to help the beleaguered farmers to shift from paddy.He also reiterated that livestock sector could play a major role in improving the income of the small and landless farmers in the rural areas. However, for this purpose, it must be brought at par with agriculture for the purpose of funding, interest on loans as well as income tax exemptions, the CM pointed out.Demanding a slew of incentives to promote dairying in a big way, Badal urged Pawar to grant exemption from custom duty for import of machinery relating to dairy, poultry, feed and fodder, besides additional allocation under various dairy development schemes.Punjab government has also asked the Food Safety Standards Authority of India (FSSAI) to revise the quality norms with regard to cow milk. In Punjab, Haryana and Chandigarh, this milk is required to have 4% fat. For all other parts of the country, these standards vary and the requirement of fat was only 3.5%. The milk of high yielding cross bred cows contain about 3.5% fat and there is dire need to rationalize the standards, said the CM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17305506", "title": "Priyanka Chopra creates hysteria in Hyderabad", "text": "The presence of Priyanka Chopra in Hyderabad and that too to shoot a Telugu film with Ramcharan Teja, has created a mammoth crowd-interest in the city.On Friday evening when Priyanka arrived in the city to shoot for Apoorva Lakhia's Hindi-Telugu bi-lingual Zanjeer , 3000 youngsters gathered at her hotel(The Park Hotel).Says our eyewitness, \"Friday evening is pub and disco time for youngsters in Hyderabad. Not this weekend. As soon as they heard of Priyanka's arrival they headed towards her hotel.\"Apparently Priyanka has gone out of her way to accommodate the swarm of fans. \"But it's getting out of hand now. There are at least 250 people waiting at her hotel to shake hands with her at any given time. And they just don't want to see Priyanka alone. They want to see her with Ramcharan,\" says the source from Hyderabad.Says the source, \"Upasana and Ramcharan are looking after Priyanka like their own personal guest. Every day food is sent from their home on the sets. It's a long schedule for Zanjeer here in Hyderabad. We are shooting till December 5. And Priyanka needs to be comfortable to concentrate on getting her Telugu dialogues right. Every evening after pack-up she spends two hours with her Telugu tutor.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "geneva", "code": "17303253", "title": "Greenhouse gas level reached a new high in 2011", "text": "GENEVA: Atmospheric volumes of greenhouse gases blamed for climate change hit a new record in 2011, the World Meteorological Organization (WMO) said in its annual Greenhouse Gas Bulletin on Tuesday.The volume of carbon dioxide , the primary greenhouse gas, grew at a similar rate to the previous decade and reached 390.9 parts per million (ppm), 40% above preindustrial level, the survey said.It has increased by an average of 2 ppm for the past 10 years. Fossil fuels are the primary source of about 375 billion tonnes of carbon that has been released into the atmosphere since the industrial era began in 1750, the WMO said.WMO secretary-general Michel Jarraud said the billions of tonnes of extra carbon dioxide would stay in the atmosphere for centuries, causing the planet to warm further. \"We have already seen that the oceans are becoming more acidic as a result of the carbon dioxide uptake , with potential repercussions for the underwater food chain and coral reefs,\" he said in a statement.Levels of methane, another long-lived greenhouse gas, have risen steadily for the past three years after levelling off for about seven years. The reasons for that evening out are unclear. Growth in volumes of a third gas, nitrous oxide, quickened in 2011. It has a long-term climate impact that is 298 times greater than carbon dioxide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "17301570", "title": "Rego is third chairperson of Mormugao council", "text": "VASCO: The Mormugao Municipal Council (MMC) elected its third chairperson- Fiola Rego-on Tuesday morning.Rego, councillor of ward No 13 and the wife of ex-councillor Arnold Rego won against Sunita Lendes.The election was conducted through a secret ballot. While Rego got 12 votes, Lendes got five. One vote was invalid and two councillors-Bhavana Bhosle and Lavina D'souza-remained absent.Deputy collector of Vasco Gaurish Sankhwalkar was the presiding officer. After the election, Rego said, \"I will do everything possible to lead the port city towards development.\" She added, \"Upgradation of the waste management plant and market projects will be given priority.\"Rego also promised development in wards belonging to opposition councillors. The post of chairperson was lying vacant after Sarika Palkar had resigned around two weeks ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17303108", "title": "Plan to bring asst public prosecutors under police control", "text": "PUNE: Minister of state for home Satej Patil said the home department plans to bring assistant public prosecutors (APPs) under the control of the state police force. The APPs, who operate in the courts of Judicial Magistrate First Class, presently work independently. The home department's proposal will be tabled in the Assembly soon.\"The decision will help improve the conviction rate in the state which is very low as compared to other states,\" said Patil at a press meet held after the inauguration of the 10th Maharashtra police duty meet in Ramtekdi on Tuesday.Patil said that bringing APPs under police will help in better co-ordination at various stages of investigations, which in turn will improve the conviction rate. He also cited examples of some states that have prosecutors working under the police department instead of the home or law departments.\"The state government had constituted a three-member committee to look into the pros and cons of such a change and the committee has come up with positive recommendations which suggest the convictions will go up if the proposal is considered,\" Patil said.The state has over 700 assistant public prosecutors, with 66 of them in Pune district.Patil also assured to consider the CID's demand to provide them investigation funds on par with the state police stations. Patil felicitated several policemen who had received medals in the all-India police duty meet in 2011.State director general of police Sanjeev Dayal has appealed to the minister to clear the proposal of constructing a new dog training centre in Pune and purchasing 300 puppies for police units in the state at the earliest.CID additional director general of police S P Yadav, Pune police commissioner Gulabrao Pol and others attended the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17301328", "title": "Centre to assess staff strength of RTOs", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre has started an exercise to assess the staff strength at regional transport offices and motor licensing offices across the country which issue driving licences and vehicle fitness certificates. This has been undertaken after a majority of state transport departments reported scarcity of manpower.According to ministry of road transport and highways records, at least 1.15 crore driving licences are issued or renewed by 997 RTOs in the country every year. The number of registered vehicles in the country is at least 15.25 crore. Sources said many state transport departments had complained about under-staffing of RTOs and MLOs. These offices issue learners and driving licences, test fitness of vehicles and certify them.\"Most states, barring a few like Andhra Pradesh , Kerala, Tamil Nadu and Maharashtra, score badly so far as deployment of manpower for these works is concerned. There is no technical qualification benchmark for many staff. So you have inadequate and less qualified staff. Both concerns have to be addressed if we plan to reform our driving licence and registration certificate issuance system,\" said Asfaq Ahamed, president of All India Federation of Motor Vehicle Department and Technical Executive Officers Association.The highways ministry has constituted a committee to recommend ways to address these issues, which has 10 members including Ahamed. Another member of the committee, motor vehicle inspector of Rajasthan Veerendra Singh Rathore, said a transport official needs at least 15 minutes to issue a driving licence.\"So, there is a need to rationalize the number of people deployed at RTOs to manage the number of applications that they get every day. We will come out with recommendations in three months and submit the fact sheet before the ministry,\" he added.This initiative is being taken at a time when the government is working out a strategy to streamline the licensing process so that those with proper training and who clear the tests get driving licences.Times ViewIn general, we believe that there is a great deal of overstaffing in the government sector and that needs to be pruned. However, there are clearly areas in which the quality of service would suffer if there aren't enough people to do the job properly and quickly. In all such areas, the government must act fast to fill up vacancies or enhance staffing to meet the increasing demand. The mantra to good governance is not always downsizing, but rightsizing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "colombo", "code": "17306192", "title": "Sri Lanka for Lorgat report on cricket reforms", "text": "COLOMBO: Sri Lanka Sports Minister Mahindananda Aluthgamage is in agreement with the former ICC Chief Executive Haroon Lorgat's report, which has advocated sweeping changes to the way Sri Lanka Cricket (SLC) is administered and the game is managed in the island.\"We have recognised the need for reforms in the light of Sri Lanka finishing as runners up four times in a row since we won the World Cup.\"A 90 per cent of our (SLC) income is spent not on development but for player fees and payments for playing clubs. There are basic flaws in the administration and the cricketing structure,\" Aluthgamage said referring to Lorgat's report.Lorgat was employed by SLC to recommend ways to induce more professionalism into the governing body.The Minister said that Lorgat's report was good and he had already informed the district organisations and associations about its content.\"We want to implement the recommendations as fast as possible,\" Aluthgamage said.On Lorgat's recommendation to get rid of the SLC administration and team selections of ministerial interference, Aluthgamage said that the minister's power as stipulated in the island's sports law is being only implemented in theory.\"Practically what happens is that I merely approve the names sent to me. On the appointment of selectors, I pick five names out of 10 recommended to me. Team selections are the same. I have never changed a team that was sent to me,\" Aluthgamage said.\"We are willing to change even that and further empower associations,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17303015", "title": "Cong councillor demand action aginst Jaipur Municipal Corporation CEO", "text": "JAIPUR: Congress councillors are running from pillar to post demanding action against the Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC), chief executive officer (CEO), Jagroop Yadav who allegedly misbehaved with them at his office recently. A day after boycotting the general body meeting (GBM), the Congress councillors met chief secretary CS Mathew and PCC chief Chandrabhan. The councillors presented the memorandum and a video CD extracted from the close circuit camera to both and demanded action against the CEO.It was reported that during the heated argument the JMC CEO had allegedly misbehaved with Archana Sharma, councillor of ward number 41 and her husband and asked them to leave the office. The CEO also lost his temper and allegedly used abusive words since the councillors were forcing him to sanction development work in their wards.For nearly three-and-a-half years at a stretch, bad blood among the mayor, the councilors and the administrative officials has turned JMC into a political battleground severely hampering development work in the city.A series of conflicts between the BJP councillors, who are in majority in the JMC, and the city mayor have earned the corporation a bad name and an image which depicts lack of coordination and credibility. Moreover, with mayor Jyoti Khandelwal levelling corruption charges against the administrative officials in public has discouraged them from implementing development work.As per the data available with TOI provided by the senior official source, \" This animosity is reflected in all GBMs of the JMC that have been held in the last three years, 15 general body meetings were held and 208 proposals tabled, out of which only 60 have been passed in the meetings.\"Due to internal differences and weak implementation, the corporation has also failed to collect its target revenue for 2010-11 period and has already incurred a heavy debt of Rs 450 crore. As a result, underdeveloped parks, potholed roads, defunct waste management systems has become the outcome of the corporation.According to sources , only Rs 16 lakh work orders for every ward councillor were released by the JMC as per the 2009-2010 approved budget, which is markedly low for new development work.In 2010-2011, development work of Rs 25 lakh was done in every ward. Similarly in 2011-12, Rs 35 lakh has been approved for development work in each ward. However, many alleged that the budget was not sanctioned despite approval; also the money approved is very less for development work.\"The money is distributed unevenly and this year no money has been sanctioned for my ward,\" said Sanjay Verma, ward number 38 councillor and a Congress member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17300759", "title": "Thumping increase: Delhi adds 5L vehicles in a year", "text": "NEW DELHI: The city's thirst for owning vehicles looks nowhere near quenched even though Delhi's roads are groaning rather loudly under their weight. Vehicles are in fact known to be the largest contributor to the capital's fast deteriorating air quality. Despite this, the city added over five lakh vehicles to its kitty in 2011-12, making it the largest increase ever.While private vehicles, including cars and two-wheelers, grew by almost four lakh, number of buses increased by only 2,562. At present, the capital has almost 75 lakh registered vehicles.Delhi was supposed to have 11,000 buses by 2010 but only around 6,000 have been acquired so far. According to experts, the government's failure to enhance the public transport system prompted such large numbers to opt for personal vehicles. \"Ironically, this has also been the time of recession and there seems to have been no impact of that on the power of purchase as far as vehicles goes. This year has seen an unprecedented number of vehicles added to Delhi's quota,\" said Anumita Roychowdhury, associate director, Centre for Science and Environment.Delhi's Master Plan talks of an 80% road travel by public transport by 2020, but going by the latest figures released by the government, that plan looks unachievable. The 2,562 buses that have been registered in the past year also include ambulances and other passenger vehicles. The addition \u00e2\u20ac\u201d to the categories of private four-wheelers and private two-wheelers \u00e2\u20ac\u201d has been the highest ever and together they account for a little over 93% of the total number of vehicles added.The number of buses is woefully short of the government's target. Despite all this investment in public transport, dependence on private vehicles is only increasing. This increase is absolutely unsustainable and unless they are contained, all efforts to curb pollution levels will be completely negated,\" added Roychowdhury.The city has only recently recovered from one of its worst smog spells ever and has been witnessing a steady rise in pollution levels. Levels of particulate matter and oxides of nitrogen on days are worse than they were before the city switched over to CNG in the early 2000s. With no major polluting industries in Delhi, the biggest culprits are vehicles. It does not help that about 60% of all new sales are now diesel vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17304841", "title": "SGCCI fails to make headway in TUFS issue", "text": "SURAT: Southern Gujarat Chamber of Commerce and Industry is yet to make any headway with regard to the grievances of textile entrepreneurs under Technology Upgradation Fund Scheme (TUFS). Industry sources said over 800 files seeking subsidy under TUFS are pending for the past many months and textile entrepreneurs are still awaiting disbursements.SGCCI had announced the formation of a specialized committee on Technology Upgradation Fund (TUF) with a view to assisting small and medium textile entrepreneurs in taking maximum benefits under the Restructured Technology Upgradation Fund Scheme (R-TUFS) two months ago. A four-member TUF committee had been set up under Vijay Mevavala.SGCCI president Paresh Patel had visited Mumbai to meet the higher authorities in the office of textile commissioner and submitted 100 pending cases of city entrepreneurs to the authorities of office of textile commissioner.The authorities had promised to resolve the cases at the earliest.Rakesh Patel, a textile entrepreneur, said, \"The subsidy amount is yet to be released under the TUFS scheme. We are waiting for the disbursement for the past one year.\"A SGCCI office-bearer said, \"The chamber of commerce will take up the issue after the elections are over in Gujarat.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17305921", "title": "Ajmal Kasab's hanging homage to my husband: Slain encounter specialist Salaskar's wife", "text": "MUMBAI: Smita Salaskar, wife of slain encounter specialist Vijay Salaskar who fell victim to the bullets of terrorists during the Mumbai carnage, today described the hanging of Ajmal Kasab as a \"homage\" to her husband.\"Though the execution was delayed, Kasab was finally hanged. With this hanging, homage has been paid to my husband. But the real homage will be the conviction of other accused shielded in Pakistan ,\" Smita said.Thanking President Pranab Mukherjee for rejecting the mercy plea of the Pakistani gunman, Smita said, \"Late Shiv Sena supremo Bal Thackeray had also demanded Kasab's hanging. His wish and our wish have been finally fulfilled.\"\"The entire family is happy to hear the news that Kasab was hanged, ahead of fourth anniversary of the attack,\" Smita said.The hanging would surely send a message across the globe that India would not tolerate any terror attack, Smita said, adding, \"I hope death sentence of Parliament House attack convict Afzal Guru would also be executed soon.\"Police Inspector Salaskar was among the first causalities along with ATS chief Hemant Karkare and Additional Commissioner of Police Ashok Kamte during the November 2008 attacks on Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17304644", "title": "World's smallest woman &amp; TV actor Santosh Shukla to enter Bigg Boss", "text": "The ongoing season of Bigg Boss just doesn't seem to stop roping in new housemates.After Mink Brar, Vishal Karwal and Imam Siddique, the latest names slated to enter the show soon are world's smallest woman Jyoti Amge and actor Santosh Shukla.Last seen in Sahara One's Chandrakanta , Shukla is expected to enter the house tomorrow. Hailing from Nagpur, it is Jyoti's unique body frame that won her the ticket to the Bigg Boss house.Informs a source, \"The two entries have been planned to spruce up the show. There have been entries at different stages of the show and one hopes that the two entrants entertain the viewers.\"Santosh remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17301505", "title": "Akshay Kumar opens International film festival of India", "text": "PANAJI: When chief minister Manohar Parrikar first brought Iffi to Goa in 2004, the festival received much acclaim. Eight years on, it is apparent that merely the construction of a Rs 1.23 crore temporary venue meant to accommodate the whopping number of invitees, a film personality as the chief guest and over 13,000 delegates, don't ensure the success of a festival.Perhaps the only thing the 43rd International film festival of India has to show for this year, is that it coincides with the centenary celebrations of Indian cinema. The one thing all the dignitaries, in their speeches, could bond over was the fact that they all \"love Goa\".The inaugural ceremony began late and amidst chaos with the arrival of Bollywood's 'khiladi' Akshay Kumar in a black suit, who refused to take off his glares even on stage. Akshay attributed his love for the state and his \"lovely\" house here to Goans who he said make the state such a wonderful place.\"Cinema to me, is devotion, excitement, suspense, and above all, family time,\" Akshay said, describing how his family and he would go without food on a Saturday and save that money to buy movie tickets, samosas and mango sticks. \"I don't have to go without food any longer, but I make sure I still take my family out for a movie every Saturday,\" he added. He had words of praise for his late father-in-law Rajesh Khanna and invited everyone to observe a moment's silence to honour all the stalwarts of Indian cinema that passed away in the last year.Parrikar took the stage to a thunderous round of applause and said he hopes people \"will leave with fond memories of the state and return for a better film festival the next year around\". \"Eight years ago when I brought the festival to Goa, people had doubts. Now, they have expectations,\" he said and took a moment to mention the contribution of musical composer from Majorda, Anthony Gonsalves, who he said had brought laurels to the state.Information and broadcasting minister Manish Tewari, who conferred the lifetime achievement award upon Polish filmmaker Krzysztof Zanussi, told the audience that the government is taking steps to nurture the Indian film industry and to promote India as a destination for film shooting. He said the government is embarking on an ambitious national film heritage mission during the 12th five year plan to preserve India's film heritage and explained how India has entered into co-production agreements with various countries.Just as in previous years, the presence of stars was minimal. Besides actors Kabir Bedi and Perizaad Zoriabian who were the hosts for the evening, the other stars in attendance were Irfan Khan, Tabu, Om Puri, Jackie Shroff and Vinay Pathak. The one thing that kept the audience tapping their toes was a cultural performance depicting 100 years of Indian cinema through a brilliant combination of music, dance and videos conceived and directed by Jahnu Barua, Saroj Khan and Sajjad Ali, followed by an hour-long musical rendezvous by Kailash Kher .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17301143", "title": "Mumbaikars under the weather as winter sets in", "text": "MUMBAI: The chill in the last two days has left Mumbaikars breathless and wheezing.The temperatures in Santa Cruz soared to 17.4 degrees Celsius on Tuesday, about three degrees more than the recorded minimum temperatures on Monday. The minimum temperature in Colaba was 22 degrees Celsius. However, during the afternoon the mercury climbed to 33.5 degrees and 33.3 degrees in Colaba and Santa Cruz.According to doctors, the swing in temperature is causing havoc on respiratory tracts. \"There is a paradoxical situation with the weather, which is causing more of throat infections than anything else,\" said Dr Hemant Thacker, who consults in Jaslok and Breach Candy hospitals. \"More patients are coming with wheezing and dry cough. They do not get any phlegm, which is even worse as there is no relief from the bouts of cough until the infection is gone. I have seen about 10 cases daily since the temperature started dipping from Saturday,\" he added.While many doctors claim that the infections are allergic reaction to a thick layer of smog in the morning, others believe that most are cases of viral infections. \"We are seeing a 40-60% increase in the number of OPD patients suffering from respiratory problems,\" said Dr Shahid Barmare, physician with Kohinoor Hospital at Kurla.Dr Khusrav Bajan, intensivist at Hinduja Hospital said there was a lull in the cases of respiratory problems last week. \"Smokers and those with existing problems are having trouble during the morning and night,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new delhi/ dehradun", "code": "17300832", "title": "Uttarakhand govt sacks Sukhdev Singh Namdhari", "text": "NEW DELHI/ DEHRADUN: Sukhdev Singh Namdhari, the most important witness in the farmhouse shootout that killed Ponty Chadha and his brother, Hardeep, has been removed as chairman of the Uttarakhand minorities commission. Namdhari had filed the main FIR in the case, but now Delhi cops have indicated that they might ask him to join the investigations.The investigators said they were treating the statement of Namdhari as just a piece of information. It is being corroborated with the statements of the injured security manager, Narender, and Namdhari's PSO, Sachin Tyagi, who allegedly shot Hardeep.The Uttarakhand government had initiated steps to remove Namdhari as the mystery over the Chadha killings deepened. State Congress chief and revenue minister Yashpal Arya told agencies that Namdhari was appointed by Uttarakhand's earlier BJP government in 2010 and, therefore, the ruling Congress had not taken any steps to remove him. \"We did not want to disturb the status quo as the post has a tenure. But in light of the latest developments, the state government will move to do what is needed,\" Chief minister Vijay Bahuguna had said earlier on Tuesday. Namdhari belongs to Udham Singh Nagar in Uttarakhand,According to Delhi Police sources, Namdhari's began forging close links with top politicians and businessmen about a decade-and-a-half ago. He was close to a politician who was later elected as an MLA in the nineties. This political leader tried to rein in a member of the forest mafia, Gurbachan Lal Sharma alias Pandit Sharma. It was around this time Namdhari got acquainted with Ponty. In 1995, Sharma was found murdered at Bajpur. Namdhari was among the seven who were named in the FIR.Uttarakhand DGP Satvrat Bansal said about 14 criminal cases, including that of murder, have been registered against Namdhari since 1995. The court has cleared him in 12 cases and he is facing two in a Bajpur court in Udham Singh Nagar.Namdhari was given a PSO in 2010 after his elevation to the post of chairman of the state minorities commission. Ponty, sources say, patronised Namdhari and was instrumental in his appointment to the post. Namdhari continued to visit Delhi for official and business purposes.In his statement to Delhi Police, Namdhari has said that he drove along with Chadha to his farmhouse in south Delhi's Chhattarpur area. The moment they arrived at the farmhouse, Hardeep began shooting at them and came close to Ponty before shooting him, he reportedly told the police. Namdhari said he saved himself by slipping out of the rear door.The Congress government in Uttarakhand has already sent a police team, led by Udham Singh Nagar inspector-in-charge Pramod Shah, to Delhi to help probe the alleged involvement of Namdhari's gunman, Tyagi, in the shootout.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17302780", "title": "Security cover should not be made a status symbol", "text": "VIPs walking or driving around with heavily armed police guards is a depressingly familiar sight in the national capital and several other Indian cities. Quite apart from the fact that we as taxpayers are paying for this security, there is a definite element of intimidation involved. The least governments can do, therefore, is to scrutinize very carefully just who is getting this security cover rather than handing it around liberally as a status symbol. Further, where armed police from one state operate in another they must surely at least keep the host state's police informed if not seek their permission.Related story : Home ministry asked to look into misuse of personal security officers in Delhi", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17305162", "title": "Film on Chander Pahar", "text": "He's just wrapped up 'Meghe Dhaka Tara', his intense, black-and-white tribute to Ritwiatk Ghak that is slated to do the rounds of the festival circuit. Now, director Kamaleswar Mukherjee is ready to tread a different \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and more adventurous \u00e2\u20ac\u201d path with a film adaptation of Bibhutibhushan Bandopadhyay's celebrated novel, 'Chander Pahar'. It's a toss-up between Dev or Parambrata Chatterjee for the lead role.The story, which is set in pre-World War I Africa and has thrilling references with man-eating lions, mysterious monsters and raging volcanoes, should provide Kamaleswar with a much larger celluloid canvas. To be produced by Shree Venkatesh Films, the film will be shot entirely in Africa from early next year.A source close to the unit revealed, \"It's a hush-hush project as of now. The production house wants a big star to play Shankar, the adventurer protagonist. Dev and Parambrata's names have come up. Kamaleswar is through with the script and the cast and crew will be locked in a few days.\" The buzz goes that this is Kamaleswar's dream project. For SVF, Chander Pahar marks the latest in a series of adventure films. While Sandip Ray is shooting Jekhane Bhooter Bhoy, Srijit Mukherjee is ready to start work on the Kakababu adventure, Mishor Rahasya. \"It's a high-budget film and will have computer graphics that no one has seen before in a Bengali film. The visual extravaganza will be on a par with a Bollywood or Hollywood film. For this very special project, Kamaleswar has a Masai proverb in mind \u00e2\u20ac\u201d If you are not living on the edge, you are taking up too much space,\" added our source. Chander Pahar follows Shankar on his adventures in Africa, where the Bengali boy gets a job in the Uganda Railways and stumbles upon the directions to a diamond mine deep in the forests. Kamaleswar though is tightlipped about the project. \"The project is in a nascent stage and I think it's too early to talk about it,\" was all he would say. Repeated calls and text messages to Shrikant Mohta, one of the producers of the film, remained unanswered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17300293", "title": "Customs to ICC: Pay duty for World Cup trophy", "text": "MUMBAI: Getting the 2013 Women's World Cup trophy into India may cost the International Cricket Council (ICC) dear. The world cricket body may have to pay a duty of about Rs 7-8 lakh to get the trophy released from customs.The trophy was brought to Mumbai from Dubai on Monday evening, but has been confiscated by custom authorities at the Mumbai airport.Officials said that since the trophy hasn't been exempted by the government, the authorities will have to pay a duty on it. The trophy remained confiscated even on Tuesday.As per customs rules, trophies cannot be brought into the country as part of a baggage. They have to be brought separately through cargo. They are classified as dutiable items if carried in baggage.Airport customs commissioner, PM Saleem said that he had received a letter from the Board of Control for Cricket in India ( BCCI ) requesting for an exemption.However, since no exemption has been granted by the government, the trophy won't be released, he said. \"The trophy should be brought through cargo. In the past we have notified that it shouldn't be part of the baggage. Prior permissions are required to bring them as part of baggage. As per the regulation, the authorities will have to pay a duty on it,\" Saleem said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17303186", "title": "Signs of rift between NCP, Congress", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17302735", "title": "Most kids abused by kin: Study", "text": "NAGPUR: Four-year-old Sneha who used to excitedly look forward to go to school suddenly started throwing tantrums in order to avoid going to her kindergarten. After much prodding, it was revealed that she was raped by the watchman of the school. Police, however, refused to lodge a complaint saying they were not sure that the incident had actually taken place.When most girls of her age start from home to go to school, 10-year-old Chandani would be getting ready for her job as a maid. A job that got her pittance as pay, scraps to eat and a lot of abuses throughout the day.These are no isolated cases, but an increasingly commonplace phenomenon in our society. A study by the central government's Ministry of Women and Child Development conducted in 2007, the first national study on child abuse, said that 53.22 per cent children in the country reported being abused in some form or the other. On International Children's Day, TOI talks to experts about the various aspects of child abuse.\"Abuse can refer to physical abuse including violence and sexual harassment as well as mental including bullying. The worst part is that any form of abuse which is dealt with during childhood haunts a person throughout his life, often affecting his ability to form a national relationship,\" said Dr Rajiv Mohta, a counsellor at the Adolescent Health Academy of the city chapter of Indian Academy of Paediatricians.The suffering of these children multiplies manifold as in most of the cases the abuse is done by a close relative. \"Since this amounts to break of trust and faith that they put in a relationship or a person, it can become very difficult for these children to trust anybody. It takes them a long time, sometimes a lifetime, to become emotionally 'normal' again,\" he said.However, it is not an entirely impossible task to do if one shows enough love and care, believes family counsellor Sneha Damle.\"As a preventive measure, parents can ensure that they provide the child the right information at the right age and also to constantly update this 'information'. They should have a comfort level with children so that they don't hesitate in sharing their experiences,\" she said.For a child who has been through a bad experience, she advises diversion in the form of trying to channelize some inherent talent of the child and convincing him that it was a phase that has passed.Psychiatrist Dr Shreyas Magia says that the behaviour of the abusers also have telltale signs that can help prevent untoward incidents. \"Such people are too friendly with the children, show too much care and love. Any deviation from a person's behaviour or personality should be taken note of and a confrontation possibly involving a trusted mutual acquaintance can be done,\" he suggested.Female cops at the police stations, who are specially given the charge to handle child related crime cases, face many problems when it comes to dealing with such cases. \"Child related crimes are handled very patiently at police stations though it takes time,\" said PSI V M Dhale of Rana Pratap Nagar police station. \"We can't expect children to remember each and every point required to file a complaint. In case of abandoned child or child labourers, they don't remember their parents' names and even address. Hence, many times its difficult to question them,\" she said.HOW TO IDENTIFY A CHILD ABUSER:The abuser will be either too friendly or too rude with the childTheir behaviour and personality changes in the presence of the childHOW TO HELP THE VICTIMISED CHILD:Listen calmly and without negative reactions to a child when he speaks of an experienceOnce a child informs about the abuse, ensure that he keeps a distance from the abuserIf is not possible to keep them away, ensure they are not alone and keep a watch on their activities togetherIf possible, confront the person possibly taking help of a mutual acquaintance", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17302872", "title": "'Bangalore Development Authority yet to recover rental dues worth Rs 15cr'", "text": "BANGALORE: Bangalore Development Authority (BDA) has to recover rental dues worth Rs 15.25 crore from shops and office spaces it had leased out in its 15 shopping complexes in the city. This is the information that an RTI activist's queries revealed. The activist also said the agency is seeking to build mall-like castles in the air, notwithstanding its financial mismanagement.On Tuesday, activist BM Shivakumar released to the media copies of documents he had obtained through RTI. \"Though its record in managing its shopping complexes is dismal, the BDA is nurturing ambitions to build four big market complexes at Jayanagar Market, Malleswaram, Seshadripuram and KR Puram Santhe Maidana,\" the activist said.There are 774 shops and office spaces in BDA's 15 commercial complexes in the city. \"There are some tenants who have not paid rents for seven consecutive years now,\" Shivakumar added.He also produced a copy of a letter written to the urban development department by former BDA commissioner Bharat Lal Meena, where the bureaucrat has painted the sorry state of the agency's financial affairs. The letter urges the government to have the BBMP pay up BDA Rs 499 crore spent by the authority for various civic projects.The letter apparently says the BDA had repaid Rs 25 crore with interest for repaying the Rs 17.8 crore loan it had raised from the French government. The loan was secured for a metropolitan spatial data project. Disclosing that BDA has decided to raise Rs 3,000 crore as loan from various sources to complete its projects, the letter states that the BDA's revenue inflows are diminishing and it also has develop civic amenities in new layouts.Shivakumar said the BDA plan to re-model the markets into mall like structures would only push up the rentals and make it impossible for existing vendors to afford the new commercial spaces.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17302785", "title": "Giving a fallen tree a new lease of life", "text": "NAGPUR: In an action which could be inspiring for the society, Sir Gangadharrao Chitnavis Memorial Medical Research Trust transplanted a tree on its premises and made sure it survived.The tree had fallen in September when construction work was going on around it. TOI had reported the incident. The trust maintained that the tree had fallen accidentally and due to incessant rains, while some residents of the area claimed that the trees had been fell on purpose.But, whatever the reason for the tree falling, the trust has now set an example by replanting it and giving it a second chance to live. It has been transplanted on the premises of National Fire Service College hostel which lies adjacent to the trust land where the tree actually stood.\"We transplanted the tree within a fortnight of it falling. We called in a crane and had a pit dug by JCB. It took us some effort, but in the end all was worth it,\" said T Thomas, assistant director, projects of the trust.He personally supervised the whole process. \"When this happened we really wanted to try and save it. Great efforts were required to make sure that the roots were not damaged much in the process. All was done under the initiative of our trustee Awantika Chitnavis,\" Thomas said.It was replanted during the monsoons because of which it got a lot of water, which favoured the transplantation. The ground was also moist which made it easier for the roots to take hold. The trust had also supported the tree with enhancement. All the efforts paid when after about two months the tree started sprouting leaves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "tirumala", "code": "17301939", "title": "TTD to rope in volunteers to sell laddu tokens soon", "text": "TIRUMALA: To enhance services at laddu token counters in Vaikuntha Queue Complex I and get additional laddu counters in Tirumala, the TTD will launch a new voluntary service which is part of Srivari Seva on December 10, said TTD Tirumala JEO K S Srinivasa Raju. Addressing mediapersons at Annamaiah Bhavan in Tirumala on Tuesday, he said that the new service had been named \"Laddu Prasada Seva\" on the lines of Parakamani Seva launched by TTD this year. \"Initially we will utilise their services in four counters at both the places,\" the JEO said.A list of guidelines have also been framed for the 'laddu prasada sevakulu'. Laddu Prasada Seva is an activity where the enrolled devotees sell laddu prasadam tokens to pilgrims by collecting the requisite money from them. Currently, devotees from AP, Karnataka, Tamil Nadu and Kerala will only be eligible to register for Laddu Prasada Seva.Elaborating on the Parakamani Seva, the JEO said the seva which was launched on August 17 has been running successfully. \"Today, with Parakamani Seva, we could clear all the currency bags which accumulated in the last few years. So far, 681 sevakulu have rendered services in Parakamani Seva,\" he said.With an aim to have accountability and transparency in the system of issuing advance booking of Arjitha Seva tickets, the TTD has streamlined the entire system with an electronic allotment way which came into effect from November 16. For the convenience of the visiting pilgrims who prefer to take Angapradakshina tickets, the TTD has changed the timing of issuance of these tickets from 6 pm to 2 pm which will come into force from November 22.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17302244", "title": "Revised bus fare structure for suburbs and districts", "text": "KOLKATA: The state government on Tuesday finally revised the bus fare structure to remove the prevalent anomalies and ease the burden on commuters.The new structure - under which the bus fare for Kolkata and city suburbs will increase by Re 1 for every four km stage - aims to do away with the confusion that sparked tiffs between commuters and conductors at several places on Sunday.While the intra-state bus fare will be Rs 5 for the first four km for ordinary buses and Rs 6.50 for express or semi-deluxe buses, the subsequent rise in each kilometre for ordinary buses will be 50 paise and for deluxe buses will be 55 paise.The bus fare for inter-state express/ semi-deluxe buses will remain Rs 10 for the first six kilometres and there will be an addition of 55 paise for each subsequent kilometre.In Darjeeling district, the fare for ordinary buses in non-hilly areas will be Rs 4.50 and the subsequent fare hike will be 5 paise per kilometre.Industries minister Partha Chatterjee, who headed the meeting between the group of ministers, restructured the bus fare, as buses on some routes were charging extra.Chatterjee said that some of the express buses were charging less than the fare that was approved during the Left Front's tenure and the matter would be probed. Even some of the state corporation buses were found to be charging less, causing a loss to the exchequer.Sadhan Das of Joint Council of Bus Syndicate said that they will examine the new fare structure and decide on their course of action within a day or two.Partha Chatterjee said that the change was needed to rationalize the earlier fare structure. He added that some buses were found to be charging less and the matter would be probed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17300749", "title": "Flat buyers\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 forum seeks VAT refund", "text": "MUMBAI: Even as the sales tax department is computing the value-added tax (VAT) paid by 10,600-odd registered dealers or developers, a group of chartered accountants who have set up a forum of aggrieved flat buyers, is now asking them to demand VAT refund from developers.The forum, which operates through a website called www.flatvat.com, have asked all the 450 buyers who have registered at the website to ask for a debit note or a tax invoice and receipt of the VAT amount collected by the developer. \"The invoice and receipt confirms that the developer has paid tax to the government against your flat and will further help you get the refund in the future,'' said Sharad Patel, founder-partner of chartered accountants ASJ who set up the website.The sales tax department is still computing the total VAT amount - it hopes to collect more than Rs 1,000 crore - paid by the registered developers. Official sources said that while majority of big developers have paid VAT, several small developers have shown nil returns. Dealers have to file sales tax returns every three months. The department is now in the process of verifying the reason as to why some developers have shown nil returns.Incidentally, even before a buyer asks for a refund, Gundecha Builders, a suburban developer, has decided to refund the balance from the total 5% of the agreement value they have collected from their customers as VAT.Paras Gundecha, chairman of Gundecha Builders, recently wrote to his 350-odd flat buyers asking them to collect cheques from his office or from the bank for the excess VAT amount. Gundecha, which has computed VAT between 1% and 3.5% of the agreement value, will refund roughly Rs 3 crore to the customers. \"Barring very few buyers who have not paid, the majority of my customers paid the VAT amount in the form of escrow and bank guarantees. Now that I have paid that VAT to the government, I see no reason to hold on to the excess money,'' said Gundecha.Another leading developer, who has projects mostly in Andheri and Borivli, said he too plans to refund the balance amount to his customers who have paid in bank guarantees and escrow in a few days. \"But I am going to tell this customers that though I am refunding the money, they will have to pay in case the sales tax department comes up with another computation. I do not want more headaches,\" said the developer who refused to be quoted as he is in midst of a legal dispute with 30-odd flat buyers who have refused to pay VAT.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "karnal", "code": "17301210", "title": "Domestic help raped by farm inspector", "text": "KARNAL: District police on Tuesday arrested agriculture inspector Hari Singh for raping a 55-year-old daily wager in his office on the station complex.The accused is posted in Uchani regional research station of Chaudhary Charan Singh Haryana Agricultural University, Hisar. The woman was working as a domestic help at his place for the past two years.A father of five, Hari Singh, 50, was arrested after a medical examination was conducted on him. He has been booked under sections 376 ( rape) and 506 (criminal intimidation) of the IPC. The woman's medical report is awaited.According to Karnal SP Shashank Anand, a complaint was filed by the woman's daughter who alleged that the accused called her mother on November 18 and committed the crime.The woman reportedly narrated the incident to her daughter on returning home who in turn informed police, the SP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "siliguri", "code": "17302276", "title": "Cyclists set out for green GDP", "text": "SILIGURI: A group of environmental activists set out from here on a 2,000km awareness yatra on Tuesday to press for the introduction of what they are calling gross environmental product (GEP), a measure similar to GDP for monitoring India's natural resources.The 11-member team will travel on bicycles from Siliguri in north Bengal to Dehradun in Uttarakhand , covering the distance in 40 days. They will hold meetings along the way to spread the word on why India needs to track its natural resources such as water, air, soil, forests etc.\"Only a stable ecology can lead to a stable economy. Just as the government releases GDP figures, it should also come out with an annual GEP, which would be a tabulation of how each of our natural resources was spent in that year,\" said Anil P Joshi, who is leading the yatra. The group, consisting of activists aged 19 to 72, would be travelling through Patna, Varanasi, Allahabad, Kanpur, Mathura and Delhi, interacting with people to popularize the demand for GEP. \"Our mission is to create mass awareness about the need to formulate an ecological growth measure so people know about the health of India's environment,\" said Joshi, a Padma Shri-awardee who runs a Dehra Dun-based NGO, Himalayan Environmental Studies and Conservation Organization.GEP is somewhat similar to the concept of a 'green GDP' \u00e2\u20ac\u201d gross domestic product after being adjusted for environmental costs of economic activity \u00e2\u20ac\u201d which the Union environment ministry hopes to roll out by 2015.The team would cross 55 districts and more than a 1,000 villages to reach the Himalayas. \"Our other motto is save the Himalayas. For ages, this mountain range has been providing life to 65% of Indians. Today, Himalayan ecology is threatened and we wish to raise awareness about what this means for people living in the plains,\" Joshi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17302787", "title": "Deputy opposition leader in corporation suspended", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The corporation council meeting witnessed tumultuous scenes on Tuesday, leading to the suspension of deputy opposition leader K Muhammed Ali, who indirectly accused mayor A K Premjam of lying.Ali made the remark when health standing committee chairperson Janamma Kunjunni wanted to know how an item on which a decision was already taken, have been included in the meeting's agenda.Pointing out that the council had already taken a decision regarding trees that posed a danger to the people, Janamma asked how the issue was again referred to the office of the local self-government audit.The mayor replied that the issue should to be inquired into. Ali asked the mayor whether she had forwarded the agenda to the council without reading it. Premajam replied that she presented the agenda in the council to make others aware that such events do take place.Premajam's response prompted Ali to remark that the opposition would raise questions if lies came from even from the chair (mayor). The remark sparked a heated argument between the ruling and opposition councillors. The mayor adjourned the meeting at 5 pm, saying the proceedings cannot be continued till the deputy opposition leader withdrew his comment.Ali was asked to make to his stand clear when the council met again at 5.45 pm. The deputy opposition leader clarified that he had not shown any disrespect to the chair, but stuck to his earlier remark. The mayor, however, said Ali had stated that the chair was lying, and suspended him till the end of the council's proceedings.An irked opposition raised slogans even as the council passed 97 items on the agenda amidst the uproar.Earlier, the council meeting started with a walkout by the opposition. The walkout was over the mayor's refusal to grant permission to a resolution moved by N C Moyinkutty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17300986", "title": "Cops violated norms, cannot call women to police station at night: Legal Experts", "text": "MUMBAI: Legal experts and activists have expressed shock at how the cops in Palghar \"displayed lack of sensitivity and violated rules\" when they summoned two young women to the police station at night over an internet comment on Sunday's shutdown.The law, they say, is clear that the cops cannot summon a woman as a witness to the police station. Instead, they are mandatorily required to go to the woman's house to record her statement. Besides, they cannot arrest a woman between sunset and sunrise except under \"exceptional circumstances\".The police arrested Shaheen Dhada (21) for her post on a social networking site protesting against the shutdown in Mumbai following Bal Thackeray's death. They also nabbed her friend Rinu Shrinivasan (20), who had 'liked' the comment. The arrests came after local Shiv Sainiks in Palghar objected to the post. A mob also vandalized a clinic run by Shaheen's uncle.\"The police action shows complete violation of Sections 46(4) and 160 of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC), which prohibit cops from arresting a woman between dusk and dawn and calling a woman to a police station to record her statement,\" said lawyer Y P Singh, who is also a former IPS officer.Meanwhile, his wife Abha Singh moved the women's commission seeking action against the police for their \"unlawful action\". Lawyers also said the arrest of the two young women would not stand the test of law in a court, if challenged.Veteran lawyer and activist Flavia Agnes, whose NGO Majlis fights for women's rights, said: \"This was not such a serious offence that it required the police to call the girls at night and later arrest them.\"Another activist and senior faculty member at SNDT Women's University, Vibhuti Patel, said it was \"a sad comment\" that \"despite three decades of interaction, gender sensitization and training workshops conducted for the Maharashtra police by a women's NGO in Pune, the cops seemed to have learnt little\". She said the state public relations department, too, has done much work for 30 years to sensitize cops. Yet, she added, rules are flouted with no fear of the consequences.Women's rights activist Veena Gowda said the online post \"did not reveal any offence or even an intention to commit an offence\".Earlier this year, a division bench of the Bombay high court\u00e2\u20ac\u201dwhile reminding the Mumbai police of their motto (committed to protecting the righteous and controlling &amp; annihilating the evil)\u00e2\u20ac\u201ddirected the state to pay a compensation of Rs 25,000 each to some women who were arrested and detained after sunset in an alleged case of gambling.Recently, the police commissioner submitted a circular to the high court directing cops not to summon women to police stations and asking them to comply with Section 160 of the CrPC.The National Human Rights Commission, too, has issued guidelines directing that women should not to be arrested after sunset and before sunrise or called to a police station to get their statement recorded. Besides, a woman officer has to be present when the police deal with cases involving women. Gowda said, \"The duty of the police is not merely to register and probe offences, but also to safeguard the freedom and rights of people, especially women.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17304146", "title": "Garbage piles up at Katju Road", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Residents of K N Katju Road are peeved over persistent unsanitary conditions in their area for the past few days. Allahabad Municipal Corporation authorities have failed to take steps for cleaning the area of garbage in spite of repeated complaints.The area is located near the Allahabad railway junction and hundreds of people use this road daily to reach their destination.Piles of garbage pose serious health problems by giving rise to unhygienic conditions and breed mosquitoes and bacterial infections.Besides health hazards, residents of the area as well as passersby face obstruction caused by garbage piles. Many persons have taken ill due to the unhygienic conditions. Resident of the area Santosh Kesarwani complains a number of eateries in the vicinity throw waste in the area adding to the unclean environs.Residents of the area have also made regular complaints about the civic problems. Even the vehicle which used to lift garbage has not come to the area for the past few days. The periodic accumulation of the garbage has made life of the residents miserable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17300695", "title": "Hospitality group pays for refund failure", "text": "MUMBAI: A consumer forum recently ordered a hospitality group to refund Rs 50,000 to a Mankhurd resident who had to cancel a banquet hall booking after his daughter's engagement was called off. The complainant will receive Rs 12,000 as compensation.Rajendra Singh (name changed), a chartered accountant, had enquired with Kambala Hospitality Private Limited to use their banquet hall, after his daughter Sarita was engaged in March 2009. On April 22, 2009, Singh paid an advance of Rs 50,000. The total cost for the event to be conducted at the Imperial Banquet Hall was pegged at Rs 3.5 lakh. The hospitality group handed Singh a five-page copy of the terms and conditions of the agreement. Singh requested the company to grant him time to read the agreement before signing it. However since he was busy with the wedding preparations, Singh could not sign the document. Unfortunately Sarita's engagement was called off and the wedding scheduled for August 2009 was cancelled.Singh requested the company to return the money on various occasions. Finally an employee of the company informed Singh that as per the terms and conditions of the agreement, they had seized the amount. The company also told Singh that in case he wanted to organize a function at the banquet hall in the future, the money could be adjusted with that cost. Accordingly, Singh asked the company to adjust the amount with the cost of his friend's function, which was to be held at the banquet hall. However, just a day prior to the function, the company refused to do so and sought Rs 50,000 from Singh's friend.Singh finally filed a complaint with the Thane Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum in 2010. The company contended that Singh could not get a refund as he had not sought a cancellation within the 90-day period. They also refuted the submission that the money could be transferred to relatives or friends. The forum, however, held that the company should have clearly explained the terms and conditions of the agreement to Singh and also mentioned it in the small brochure given to him at the time of his enquiry. The forum held them guilty of unfair trade practice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17305030", "title": "Russell Crowe misses being with kids", "text": "His hectic shooting schedule through 2012 left him little time to spend with his children, but now actor Russell Crowe is seriously contemplating cutting down on his career commitments.The actor recently wrapped Darren Aronofsky's biblical epic \"Noah\" and is preparing to shoot \"Winter's Tale\" with Will Smith.But he regrets taking on so many jobs as he desperately misses his sons, Charles, eight, and six-year-old Tennyson, reports dailystar.co.uk.\"Starting on another film set tomorrow. I need to go home and be with my children. Cannot believe how fkd (f**ked) up my schedule has become this year,\" tweeted Crowe.He then promised to spend more time with his kids, after one follower, a travelling salesman, told the actor he shares the same problem.\"I sympathise. I haven't seen mine (my children) since late September. Maybe 40 days with them for the year. Won't happen again. All the best,\" posted the actor.The \"Gladiator\" star has spent a large part of 2012 on film sets, including the movie adaptation of hit musical \"Les Miserables\". It seems to have taken its toll on his personal life, with Crowe reportedly splitting from wife Danielle Spencer in October.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17302618", "title": "6 hurt as relief engine hits train", "text": "CHANDIGARH: At least six passengers were injured, two of them seriously, when a relief engine collided with a stationary passenger train near Hallomajra roundabout on late Tuesday evening.After the engine of Nangal-Ambala passenger express broke down around 6pm, UT railway authorities sent another engine to the spot. But its driver, who reached there after an hour, failed to notice the stationary train and ran into it.P K Sanghi, divisional railway manager, Ambala, has ordered an inquiry into the incident. The report is expected in a day or two. The injured passengers were taken to Government Medical College and Hospital. The track was not cleared for over three hours, during which most of the passengers got off the train. Hardeep Singh, a passenger, said, \"We have been waiting since three hours, but no help has come.\" Mahfooz, a passenger who was going to Saharanpur, said, \"After the collision, the head of a man who was sitting near me hit iron grills. He was injured badly.\"Sanghi said, \"The engine driver did not know the location of the train. It seems he was not apprised properly.\" Ambala railway division officers reached the spot for inspection late at night. UT and police officers too reached there for rescue operation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17304941", "title": "Ajmal Kasab hanged: Reactions from politicians, victims and their kin", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ajmal Kasab, the sole surviving terrorist from the 2008 Mumbai attacks, was hanged to death on Wednesday at Yerwada Jail in Pune. Kasab was executed at 7:30am at Yerwada jail in Pune in Maharashtra after President Pranab Mukherjee rejected his mercy plea.Here are some reactions on the hanging of Kasab:Sushilkumar Shinde , Union home minister: Ajmal Kasab was hanged in Yerwada at 7:30 this morning. The President had rejected Kasab's mercy plea on November 5. I signed it on the 6th and the Maharshtra government signed it on the 8th. The same day, we decided that he will be hanged on the 21st.Indian mission in Islamabad informs Pakistan govt about Kasab's hanging through letter. Pakistan refuses to take the letter, which was then sent through fax.R R Patil , Maharashtra home minister: This was an attack on our country. Many of our citizens were killed, including our brave officers. Nine terrorists were killed but one was caught alive. The special 26/11 court awarded death penalty to Kasab, High Court and Supreme Court upheld it. He filed a mercy petition, but was rejected and he was hanged at 7:30 am this morning. This is a tribute to people and police officers who lost their lives during the attack.Special public prosecutor Ujjwal Nikam: It is victory for the country. By hanging Kasab, we have paid homage to all those policemen and innocent persons who lost their lives.Narendra Modi , Gujarat chief minister: What about Afzal Guru , who attacked Parliament, our temple of democracy, in 2001? That offence predates Kasab's heinous act by many years.Omar Abdullah , Jammu and Kashmir chief minister: Gotta hand it to the Govts at the centre &amp; in Mumbai for the mature way they handled this. Shows we can still keep a secret if we need to.\"Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi, BJP leader : The country expects our government to send such strong message and give such punishment to those who have bloodied their hands with the death of hundreds of innocent people.BJP spokesperson Shahnawaz Hussain : Better late than never. Kasab's hanging will act as a balm on the wounds of the people of Mumbai but their wounds are still fresh. They will get relief only when Kasab's handler's across the border are brought to justice.Victim's wife: I would like to thank the President. However, it got delayed but we did get justice. I am happy that it (the hanging) was done secretly, otherwise some human rights people would have opposed it.Union home secretary R K Singh: Family members of Kasab informed about the hanging through a letter sent by courier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17302700", "title": "Cheque bounce accused has right to adduce evidence: HC", "text": "NAGPUR: Quashing a trial court verdict, the Nagpur bench of Bombay high court has ruled that a person accused of not honouring a cheque deserves an opportunity to present evidence. \"An accused deserves an opportunity to adduce evidence in defence or to rebut statutory presumptions available in favour of the complainant in the trial under Section 138 of the Negotiable Instruments Act 1881,\" justice Ashok Bhangale ruled.The judge further noted that an accused has a right to fair trial and to defend himself as a part of his human as also fundamental right as enshrined under Article 21 of the Constitution of India. \"However, there cannot be any doubt whatsoever that the accused should not be allowed to unnecessarily protract the trial or summon witnesses whose evidence would not be at all relevant,\" the judge added.Orissa-based appellant Mayank Hirwani had moved the high court after he was charged under Section 138 of the act on a complaint by Shubham Lalwani, a resident of Dhantoli. Hirwani prayed for permission to consult an expert to determine how old the handwriting on the cheque issued by him was. According to him, he had originally issued a cheque of Rs 5 lakh with his signature. However, either the complainant or somebody on his behalf had allegedly inserted a figure of '1' before the figure to give the impression that the issued cheque was for Rs 15 lakh.After the complaint under Section 138 was filed against him, Hirwani filed an application before special sessions court hearing such cases. He sought permission to take expert opinion from the forensic science laboratory in the issue. But the court rejected his application stating that \"if at all figure \"1\" was inserted later on, that can be seen by naked eyes by any person\".The petitioner then approached the high court, contending that he was denied the opportunity to adduce evidence. Placing reliance on the apex court judgment and Article 21, he argued that if law has presumed guilt of accused, as in the offence of a cheque bouncing, accused should be given reasonable opportunity to discharge the guilt.Justice Bhangale observed that the controversy is not only as regards to age of the writing on the cheque but on seeking expert's opinion from government examiner or from director of forensic science in Hyderabad. \"In these circumstances, although opinion as regards to age of the writing on the cheque is not possible, the opinion regarding other points may be received,\" the judge said.The high court granted Hirwani six months to him to take expert opinion on the age of handwriting on the cheque and asked the special court to give an opportunity to him before disposing of the case.(With inputs from Lakshmi Dwivedi; names changed to protect identity)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17301116", "title": "DMK cadre held for obstructing CM convoy", "text": "CHENNAI: A DMK cadre was arrested on Tuesday for obstructing the chief minister's convoy. J Jayalalithaa was on her way to Siruthavur when a construction contractor, Sathya, 49, was told to stop as the convoy was on its way, but he refused to do so.The convoy was near Puzhithivakkam near Tambaram at around 3.30pm. Sathya, traveling in a car was drunk. He was charged with a slew of offences including drunk driving, criminal intimidation and obstructing a public servant from discharging his/her duty and rash and negiligent driving.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17300189", "title": "Joshna Chinappa keen on breaking into top 20", "text": "MUMBAI: It's been barely three days since the Indian women's squash team scripted history by securing a fifth-place finish -- their best ever -- at the World Team Championships in France, and Joshna Chinappa is already in action at the Bombay Gymkhana Maharashtra State Open, on Tuesday. After the team accomplishment, the 26-year-old now has her eyes set on the Hong Kong Open on November 25. \"It's the biggest year-ender and I need all the training I can get.\"Post a major dip in her World ranking -- thanks to an injury-related seven-month long hiatus -- Joshna is back into top 40s and is keen to better that. \"The injury cost me a lot of time and took me down a good couple of rungs. But, now I'm back to where I was. My next aim is to break into Top 20s,\" said the world No.32.Talking about her Worlds experience, Joshna explains the extensive preparation undertaken by both her and the team.\"Almost all the players we were to face belonged to the Top 20 and Top 10. So, naturally we had a tough fight ahead of us. We had a plan for ever player. We monitored them and strategised accordingly. Also, I trained with Ritwik (Bhattacharya) to work on a solid base game and strategies and fitness,\" she said.Speaking about her toughest contest she goes back to the first day of the tournament. \"We were playing against Ireland. Dipika won against World No.10 Madeline Perry and I lost to Aisling Blake. It was the toughest for me as there was a constant anticipation as to whether Anaka could win it for us.Ask her about the strength of the team and she says: \"Our team spirit was a major factor. All of us gel really well. I'm the senior-most here, and Dipika (Pallikal) is a seasoned player, the other two are making the transition to seniors and it's good fun teasing each other and creating a team atmosphere.\"Since we all compete at personal level as well as team level, we get to know each other's strengths and weaknesses and it helps in events like these,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17300751", "title": "Loved ones lost, familes of fishermen left all at sea", "text": "CHENNAI: It is World Fisheries Day on Wednesday, but fishermen in the state have little reason to celebrate this year, having braved cyclone Nilam, only to lose their boats and their livelihood, and the bullets of the Sri Lankan navy. Several fishermen remain locked up in jails in the island nation. But few in the community face as a fate as miserable as the families of fishermen lost at sea.Five families of Kasimedu fishermen, who died or went missing at sea, are in dire straits. They have not received compensation from the government as yet. Those whose relatives have not been confirmed dead cling to the hope that their loved ones may be alive despite overwhelming odds against the possibility. For these families, there has been no closure.For 55-year-old Arputham, it has been a long wait. Her son Jaikumar, 27, cast out to sea with other fishermen in 2005. While the group was fishing off the Andhra Pradesh coast, their boat collided head-on with another vessel, sparking a blaze. Five fishermen jumped into the sea and somehow managed to return to shore. Jaikumar's fate is not known. \"My son looked after me. Now I have to fend for myself,\" Arputham said, sobbing uncontrollably. \"The government should speed up the payment of compensation. Police refused to give me a copy of the status report on my son so I cannot apply for compensation.\"She removed a photograph of Jaikumar from a wall of the shack she stays in and dusted it with her saree. \"He was such a handsome and loving son,\" Arputham said. \"The hardest thing to deal with is that we don't know if he is alive or dead.\" Two other families in Kasimedu face a similar predicament. Fishermen Manikandan and Suresh went missing at sea in 2009 and their families do not know if they will see them again.Another family in the locality lost its breadwinner five years ago. Desam's husband, Sekar, died in a fire in a mechanised boat on March 30, 2005. Desam, 40, has two children. She does a small business, selling dry fish to eke out a living. \"We hope the government sees our plight. I have no clue what the future holds for my daughters and me,\" she said.\"Fishermen are the most deprived of all communities,\" said South Indian Fishermen Welfare Association president K Bharathi. He said the fishermen's families will meet the collector on Wednesday to submit their demands again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17292885", "title": "Aamir will promote film only at night", "text": "When it comes to Aamir Khan , expect unique marketing strategies each time his film is up for release.This time, Aamir has decided to promote his film Talaash only at night. In the film, the night almost plays a character and most parts have thus been shot from 11pm to 4am.Talaash shows the underbelly of Mumbai and has been shot in and around Grant Road, Parsi Colony in Dadar, Madh Fort and Kamatipura. Also, Aamir's character, Inspector Shekhawat, is a night owl, who cannot sleep and is glued to investigating the case on his hands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "17301233", "title": "Married man booked for raping 24-year-old", "text": "SIRSA: A rape case was registered by the Ding police after a 24-year-old woman accused a youth, Ramesh Kumar, of raping her for about eight months. Police have started an investigation into the matter. According to the case details, the accused seduced the woman on the pretext of marrying her and allegedly raped her for months. According to the complaint, the woman said, \"The accused is already married and he hid the relationship. from me. He (accused) already has three children. When I came to know about all this, I approached the police.\"Both the woman and the man are from Punjab and were living in Ding in a rented accommodation after fleeing from their homes. The woman is from a village in Talwandi Sabo, while the accused is resident of Sangha village. Sub-inspector Chand Singh said, \"The victim approached the police and we took her to general hospital, where rape was confirmed after a medical examination. We have booked the accused, Ramesh Kumar, and sarpanch Amal Singh of Sangha village, as on the victim's complaint as he had threatened to kill her. We are investigating the matter.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17302143", "title": "Rentals show a 20% jump in prime localities: Survey", "text": "HYDERABAD: Residential properties up for rent in the city seem to be fast losing its 'affordable' tag with prices of rented spaces seeing a steep 20% jump over the last six months which realtors across the city attribute to lack of new projects and consistent demand for houses.Topping this chart are the 'hi-tech' pockets of Gachibowli and Madhapur, closely followed by the plush apartments dotting Srinagar Colony, Banjara Hills or even Somajiguda, they say. Little wonder then that industry observers term the current market as less-friendly as new homes in Hyderabad continue to flaunt a cheap rate card. They, however, say demand for houses in the IT hub is consistently moving northward and the availability has hit stagnation with no big projects coming up.Also, within the central business district of the city too (that encompasses areas like Banjara Hills and Somajiguda) there is a serious dearth of vacant spaces. \"Unlike areas in and around Hi-Tec City, where a decent number of projects are under construction and are expected to be ready to occupy within the next few years, there is no land parcel available in localities such as Srinagar Colony to accommodate fresh ventures,\" said Sandip Patnaik, managing director (Hyderabad) of the global real estate consultant firm Jones Lang Lasalle.\"That is why you are seeing such significant jumps in rent,\" he said, adding:\"Predictably rentals here are only set to shoot up in the future owing to the rush of prospective occupants,\" he said.Also, playing a small yet crucial part in pushing up residential rents in the city is the low sentiment among denizens who still aren't sure about Hyderabad being a safe investment haven, say observers. Considering its tumultuous past - the recession, followed by Telangana crisis - that took a serious toll on the 'health' of the realty sector, people feel more comfortable moving in to leased houses than putting their money on a new home. \"Appreciation in property prices has not been impressive lately. People, especially from among the migrant population are therefore still skeptical in investing in this sector despite prices touching an all-time low. Things might look up in a couple of years,\" said a Hyderabad-based realtor on condition of anonymity. In fact, a recent survey conducted by Artha Yantra, an integrated personal finance service company, shows how the residential index value of the city has seen a 15% decline.The cheaper rate of properties on sale is attributed to this fall in the report. \"Our findings show that it makes better sense for those drawing a salary package of Rs 11 lakh and more per annum to buy a home instead of renting one, given the current market condition in the city,\" said Nitin Vyakaranam, founder and chief executive officer of Artha Yantra. He, however, added that the spiraling rentals were only limited to some pockets of Hyderabad. \"In areas such as Nizampet or even Kukatpally there is no impact because of surplus supply,\" Vyakaranam said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17300527", "title": "Cops seek 2 more days to examine Gopal Kanda aide", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Police on Tuesday sought two days more from a trial court to examine the statement of former Haryana Minister Gopal Kanda's aide Chanshivroop to see if he could be made an approver in Geetika Sharma suicide case.Police had said Chanshivroop, an assistant manager in MDLR, had gone to Dubai, where Geetika was working with Emirates Airlines, and told its officials that she had secured a job with MDLR on the basis of fake and forged documents. The prosecution had also alleged that he had sent fake e-mails to Geetika informing her about extradition proceedings against her in Dubai to pressure her to rejoin MDLR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17301752", "title": "'Overcome negativities for best result'", "text": "LUCKNOW: For all those seeking ways to enhance relationship with their children, there is a one-day workshop organized by at Parytan Bhawan on November 23 between 11 am and 3 pm. To be addressed by Pawan Sinha, the workshop will focus on concentration-meditation process for leading a better life. Later, he will also address a seminar to be held at Indira Gandhi Pratishthan from 5 pm to 8 pm on the same day.Sinha will give tips on how to increase concentration, for better and enthusiastic future, how to prevent negativities, and how to control anger and disease. Sinha believes that concentration is capable of changing a simple persona into an extraordinary one.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17302436", "title": "'National Disaster Response Force not utilized properly'", "text": "PATNA: The National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) was not utilized properly during the Monday's stampede in Adalat Ghat lane although 150 rescuers were deployed 24X7 since November 17 in the 30km stretch from Didarganj to Shahpur in Danapur covering nearly 100 ghats.The magnitude of the stampede could have been arrested had proper assistance been provided by professionally trained persons, said an official. \"Lakhs of rupees are spent on workshops and seminars on disaster management but it is totally missing when required the most, particularly during the time of extreme crisis,\" a senior official of the disaster management department said.The newly set up State Disaster Response Force (SDRF) is yet to be raised properly, the official said. \"Recently, around 80 persons were inducted. Around 450 ex-Navy, Army, homeguards jawans are shortlisted for undertaking professional training,\" he said.The NDRF is a unit created by the Centre for the purpose of specialized response to natural and man-made disasters. The NDRF works under the National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA) which lays down the policies, plans and guidelines for disaster management.On November 19 at 7.45pm when the NDRF team of Gandhi Ghat reached its camp at NIT-Patna, it was informed by the Emergency Control Room through the radio communication that about 12 persons had died near Adalat Ghat in some accident during Chhath puja. The commandant of NDRF 9 Battalion, Bihta, SS Guleria, contacted the ADM (relief), Patna , and enquired about the accident and offered the NDRF services at the place of the incident.\"I was conveyed that those who were injured and died in the accident had been taken by the local public to the PMCH. After contacting the officials of the disaster management department immediately, myself, along with AK Jha, deputy commandant, rushed to the spot. In the meantime, the NDRF ambulance was rushed to the PMCH along with 10 rescuers to donate blood to the injured, if required,\" Guleria told TOI. He, along with his officials, reached the spot and carried out the search operation.In fact, by that time there was no dead body/injured person left at the place of the incident. After inquiring the local people they came to know that the accident happened due to the narrow lane, he said. \"At about 8.45pm, after getting the directions from the principal secretary, disaster management and health department, Vyasji, I rushed to the PMCH but due to law and order problem at its gate, I could not go inside the hospital\", he said.At about 9pm, Guleria could enter the hospital and meet Vyasji. As per his directions, NDRF personnel went inside the hospital and found unclaimed/unidentified bodies of 4 children and one woman kept in one room. NDRF personnel arranged the shifting of the unidentified/unclaimed dead bodies to the mortuary after forcibly taking away the local people (touts) who were creating problems with mala fide intention.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17302877", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcPeople stare at us, pass comments\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "MUMBAI: Palghar residents Shaheen Dhada and Rinu Shrinivasan are in no mood to ever return to social networking after their arrests and subsequent bail over an innocuous post on Sunday's shutdown in Mumbai. The duo, traumatized after being paraded like anti-nationals by the cops, says local residents haven't been too kind either, staring and passing comments at them. They are keen to take a break and head out of town, but their bail conditions requires them to mark their attendance at the local police station every Thursday. The girls just want a swift end to the controversy now.\"What I expressed on the internet was my personal view. But I realized many people were hurt by it. The written apology I gave was for hurting people and not for posting my opinion,\" Shaheen told TOI. \"I don't have an inclination towards any political party. I just want peace and harmony.\"Both Rinu and Shaheen deactivated their Facebook accounts . But late on Monday, Shaheen discovered a fake account in her name which had 120 friends in an hour. \"I decided not to be on Facebook after my account got hacked,\" Shaheen said. \"If we return to the site, it will only fan the controversy ,\" said Rinu. \"I had an interview later this month for a course in sound engineering in Chennai. But with restrictions on moving out of the city, I don't know how I will appear for it,\" Rinu added.Incidentally, two of Rinu's friends had commented on the post which she shared from Shaheen's page. \"After Shaheen got into trouble over her comment on Sunday evening, a common friend called me up and advised I should immediately delete the post from my page. I thought he was joking, but deleted it anyway,\" Rinu said. Late on Sunday, when the two were summoned to the Palghar police station for tendering a written apology, they were never briefed about the possibility of an arrest.\"I had never seen the inside of a police station before. An unknown woman even slapped me twice,\" said Rinu. \"We haven't been given a copy of the apology we gave in writing,\" said Shaheen.\"We haven't yet decided whether we will pursue any legal action against the Sena for lodging a complaint against Shaheen over an innocuous post,\" said her uncle, Dr Abdul. Shaheen's mother Nazma said she wasn't very active on Facebook and was horrified at the arrest. \"I was keeping rozas for Muharram when the arrests happened. It was a big shock,\" she said. \"We only want justice,\" Rinu concluded.Nine questions for the policeLaw enforcers showed little regard for law when charging two young women in Palghar with great alacrity. The conduct of men in khaki has thrown up a number of serious questions:1. Despite the law being very clear that women can't be called to a police station between sunset and sunrise, except in exceptional circumstances , the police said they called Shaheen Dhada (21) and Rinu Shrinivasan (20), to the Palghar police station at 10pm on Sunday \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and that too over an innocuous internet post. The police then said they released the girls at midnight, though Dhada's family says the release was at 2.45am Monday. Why were the girls summoned and kept at the police station at night?2. In January 2012, the Bombay high court came down heavily on the police, saying filing FIRs was not a favour to the public. The court observation came after the police's repeated reluctance to file FIRs and instead only take down non-cognizable complaints, which helps reduce their workload and makes crime statistics look better. Yet, in the case of Dhada and Shrinivasan, the cops didn't delay in rushing to file an FIR. Why?3. While the police showed no delay in summoning the two girls to the police station on Sunday night and arresting them on Monday morning, they took their own sweet time to arrest the hoodlums who ransacked the Dhada hospital at 9.30pm on Sunday night. The arrests were made only on Tuesday and only after a public outcry. Furthermore, only 10 of the hooligans have been arrested? Why the delay in nabbing the rioters and why are the other 30 to 40 still absconding?4. The police applied Section 66A of the IT Act, however the Union minister of state Milind Deora himself said they acted in haste. Are the local police well-versed with the IT Act and did they take the opinion of the cyber crime cell or any other expert before applying a section of the act?5. The cops admitted that they wrongly applied Section 295(A), which involves hurting religious sentiments, against Shaheen Dhadha. They said they did so on the insistence of the hoodlums and without even reading the Facebook post themselves . After actually reading the post, they realised no statement to hurt religious sentiments had been made and they withdrew the section. Should the police be applying such stringent and sensitive sections without verifying the evidence? Section 295(A) is non-bailable and carries a three-year jail term as well as a fine", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17301920", "title": "Is Uttar Pradesh on brink of losing Maitreya project?", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uncertainty looms over the multi-million dollar Maitreya Project, in which world's tallest Buddha statue was to be constructed in Uttar Pradesh's Kushinagar district, as the state government has not been able to provide land for it. A week after a farmers' protest in Kushinagar, it is learnt that the project implementation trust has decided to move it out of the state, though officials at the state tourism department claim they have not been intimated in this regard.Officials unaware: \"We do not have any information in this regard,\" said Manoj Kumar Singh, director general UP tourism department, though he admitted that the state was unable to provide land for the project. Field officers confirmed that Maitreya project trust was strongly against acquiring land for the project by force, while the district administration was still negotiating with the farmers. \"It has been more than six years and the administration has not been able to convince the farmers,\" said an officer adding, \"There has to be a time frame.\" The observation is right considering the deadline set by the maitreya project trust. \"As per their plans, the project was to be completed by December 2009. But we have not even moved beyond phase one,\" he shared. Sources also revealed that director and chief executive officer for the maitreya project Peter Kedge has also been removed. Maitreya move out of UP would be a major jolt to state's plan to give a boost to Buddhist tourism, earn revenue thereby. The state was banking heavily on the Maitreya project to perk up its plans for the Buddhist tourism. Director of Kanshiram Institute for Tourism Studies Prof Manoj Dixit says the Maitreya Project has immense potential to boost tourist footfall in UP. \"Growth in number of tourists in a place adds to the revenue to the state coffers besides affecting the local economy ,\" he stated and regretted to note the prospect of Maitreya walking out of UP.Stumbling block: Officials say the mega project, launched in 2003, was stalled when farmers and the local administration failed to come to a consensus on the price of land. While the UP government agreed to pay Rs 710 per square metre, farmers were asking for Rs 1,500 per square metre. The disagreement despite efforts from the state tourism department is what may have compelled the Maitreya Project Trust to walk out of UP. Sources said the trust wrote to UP government in this regard in March 2012. The new government asked for a second chance and a fresh round of negotiations began. After the first meeting with farmers, government offered to pay at the rate of Rs 800 per square metre, while farmers quoted their rate at Rs 1,200 per square metre. Several meetings were held in April and May and both parties revised their rates. This time the government offered to pay Rs 850, while the farmers asked for Rs 975 per square metre of land, but the talks failed. The final round of dialogue began in the last week of July when the government offered a rate of Rs 930 per square metre. The farmers continued to stress their demand of Rs 975 per square metre. In a meeting in August, the government increased the price by Rs 10 taking the cost up to Rs 940 per square metre. After some consultation, the farmers quoted Rs 945 per square metre, which the government officials agreed. Incidentally, the rate of land finalised is same as what the government is paying to farmers for expansion of the Kushinagar airport. The farmers and their families were also assured that the project will include education and health care facilities for the local population. In the last week of October, sources said, a small group of 300 farmers backed out once again and resorted to protest. When asked to comment, Kushinagar district magistrate Rizgian Sampheal, said, \"We have not lost. We are trying to convince them.\"Advantage Bihar? According of available literature, seven different places in India are of religious significance to Buddhists. Uttar Pradesh is home to four such places. Sanjashya (Bareilly) where the Buddha descended from the tushita heaven is the first while Sarnath near Varanasi, site of the deer park where Buddha began teaching the Buddhist spiritual path is the second one. The eastern district of shravasti is the place where Buddha spent 25 rainy seasons and performed many miracles is the third spot. Kushinagar, where Buddha gave his last sermon and attained salvation is the fourth destination. The three other destinations are in the neighboring state of Bihar, including: Bodhgaya (the site of Buddhist enlightment), Rajgir (where the heart sutra was expounded at Vulture's Peak) and Nalanda (the centre of Buddhist learning). On the prospect of the site of Maitreya project being shifted to their state, certain officials in the Bihar government said, \"It was in the rightness of things to welcome any good chance.\"For the state which showcases the Buddha Circuit as its USP to woo both international and domestic tourists, the loss of Maitreya Project would be a big jolt. It was supposed to be UP's trophy project which could have put the state on the tourist map in a big way, but three successive governments failed to provide even adequate land for it. It's not only the loss of an international tourist destination for the state, but also projects a negative image about UP as a troubled land for starting new ventures. The Samajwadi Party government which had started its new innings with a promise to improve the outlook of the state, must act with urgency to ensure that such developments do not further tarnish its reputation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17302749", "title": "Tourism minister to inaugurate Kala Sangamam", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Tourism minister A P Anil Kumar will inaugurate the 'Kala Sangamam' of Calicut Cultural Centre at Town Hall on Friday. Minister for urban affairs Manjalamkuzhi Ali will present awards to U Pocker and U Adbul Khader on the occasion. A Pradeep Kumar, MLA will preside over the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17301748", "title": "Decision deferred on qualified candidates", "text": "LUCKNOW: Appointments of 72,825 primary school teachers is in a limbo after the state government on Tuesday deferred the matter of amendment in UP Basic Education (Teachers) Service Rules, 1981 following which a provision for temporary appointment was to be made possible.Confirming the amendment had been deferred by the state government, Sunil Kumar principal secretary basic education said, \"It has been deferred for some other day.'' He, however, refused to comment on the reasons which prevented the issue to be taken up at the cabinet.As per the proposed changes, a candidate holding a Bachelor of Education (BEd) degree who has qualified the Teacher Eligibility Test (TET) conducted either by the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) or the state government (UPTET) can be appointed as a trainee teacher in a primary school. After the appointment, the candidate will be provided six months training following which they will be given substantive appointment. This, as per education officials, will not only help in faster recruitments but also permanent appointments.Notably, appointments in primary schools in UP have not taken place for the past four years. Prior to this, any candidate who had a BEd degree and special BTC (Basic Teacher Certificate), a six months training, was appointed as a teacher in the basic schools. Before Mayawati came to power in 2006, two-year BTC was the criteria for appointment of teachers in primary schools. Due to widespread fraudulent practices and to speed up recruitment process, a temporary way was sorted out. After this, B Ed degree holders with special BTC were appointed as primary teachers.With the implementation of the Right to Education Act (RTE), 2009 which though came into effect in April 2010, it was decided that no untrained teacher will be appointed in primary and junior high schools across the country and also an authorised institution will have to set the qualification for the appointments. The Central government then chose National Council for Teachers' Education (NCTE) as a body to define minimum eligibility level which paved way for TET.After this, TET became the minimum qualification for any candidate seeking appointment in primary or junior high schools. For the first time, Uttar Pradesh conducted conducted TET in 2011but the exam was surrounded by severe anomalies. After a controversy, the SP government after coming to power in March 2012 declared TET an eligibility test meaning all those who qualified TET 2011 were eligible for being appointed as teachers in primary and junior high schools.Another amendment, this time for the appointment of teachers in aided junior high schools, presented in the cabinet for approval, was deferred on Tuesday. Amendment was to be made in the UP Junior High School Education (Teachers) Service Rules, 1978. According to the proposed changes, a provision of CTET/TET was to be incorporated so that appointments could begin in the aided junior high schools. This is after NCTE has made it mandatory to have qualified TET/CTET for appointment in junior high schools. Earlier, a B Ed degree holder was recruited in junior high schools, but mostly of the primary school teachers were promoted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17302036", "title": "Arsonists target two bikes", "text": "HYDERABAD: After temple burglaries, the Hyderabad police are now facing another challenge in the form of vehicle burnings. A day after bike-borne assailants torched six four-wheelers near the AP high court, three more vehicle burning incidents have been reported in the Old City and police are yet to achieve any breakthrough in these cases.On Monday at about 11 pm, unidentified miscreants torched two bikes parked on the road at Darabgunj Colony in Madannapet. Locals immediately put off the fire by spraying water, but seat covers of the vehicles were damaged.In another incident, at about 11.30 pm, a fire broke out in a CNG auto driven by one Fareed from Falaknuma near pillar number 84 of the PVNR Expressway at Langer Houz. The auto driver immediately stopped the vehicle and jumped out. With the help of locals, the fire was extinguished, but not before the top of the three-wheeler was completely burnt. As the news spread quickly, police and local MLA Afsar Khan visited the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17302834", "title": "It\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s still an unsafe journey for these kids", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The perilous ride of young children, who depend on school vehicles and private carriages for travelling to and from school, continues even after 'strict' directives issued by the government.A series of accidents were reported across the state in the past couple of weeks causing concern to the parents and public.Wayward driving by the drivers of private vehicles which carry children and the apathy on the part of the school authorities to ensure proper maintenance of school vehicles are posing a serious risk to the life and safety of children. Besides, the negligence from the part of parents, who willingly send their children in overcrowded vehicles is also a reason for the increase in the number of accidents.According to the statistics available with the police, majority of the accidents are caused by errant driving or by overcrowding of vehicles.Student carriers, especially auto rickshaws, turn turtle easily if they over crowd the vehicle, said the officials.Many of the vehicle drivers are unwilling to reduce the number of students they take in their vehicles, even after the tragic accident that claimed the life of four tiny tots at Channankara in Thiruvananthapuram in last year.The school authorities, who are responsible to monitor the vehicles to ensure safe journey to their students, also turn a blind eye, even after the directives issued at the beginning of the academic year by the police and the director of public instructions.Monitoring of the fitness of schools' own vehicles and the appointment of experienced drivers are other issues that remain unaddressed.\"During a regular inspection, we found that many of the yellow painted school buses plying in the city were stage carriages,\" said Kozhikode regional transport officer Rajeev Puthalath. \"Many of them did not have a valid fitness certificate,\" he said adding that the MVD cancelled the license of all such vehicles.The director of public instructions ( DPI) has told the schools to prepare a list of vehicles carrying school children and the names and details of kids travelling in each vehicle. However, not many schools maintain a proper record of the private vehicles and their drivers. According to officials with education department, many schools maintain a peripheral list of vehicles and drivers to avoid disciplinary action.The number of auto rickshaws engaged in ferrying children to school worsens the situation. According to a rough statistics available with auto drivers unions, over 2,000 autos carry school children in Kozhikode.\"While the law permits the auto rickshaws to carry only six students below the age of 12, many are carrying more than 12 children,\" said the police. \"The habit of hanging the school bags on the sides of the auto rickshaws also leads to accidents,\" they added.Meanwhile, the drivers want the number of children an auto can carry should be increased.\"It is difficult for us to continue school services if the number is not increased,\" said the office bearers of City Auto Coordination Committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17301806", "title": "Open court to hear govt plea on SC's CIC ruling", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Tuesday agreed to hear in open court the Union government's plea for reconsideration of its September 13 judgment directing appointment of retired apex court and high court judges as heads of Central Information Commission and State Information Commissions.Taking up the Centre's review petition, which was filed after vociferous protests from Right to Information activists against the judgment, a bench of Justices A K Patnaik and Swatanter Kumar acceded to the request for open court hearing.This is significant since a majority of review petitions are dismissed in chamber where the judges consider the plea for reconsideration of a judgment without the presence of lawyers. The Centre had argued that the judgment appeared to violate the Right to Information (RTI) Act and settled principles of law.The government said the court, while interpreting the nature and function of CIC and SICs as well as the qualifications needed for candidates heading them, had not considered the Centre's arguments or its written submissions on the issue.Mincing no words while pointing out the fallacies in the judgment in Namit Sharma's case, the government said it was settled principle that the court could not direct the legislature to amend the law, the RTI Act, except where the law was silent on a particular subject.\"That is not the case here. Section 12(5) and 15(5) of the Act clearly lays down the norms relating to the qualification of chief information commissioner and information commissioners at the Centre and the state level respectively. Various directions given by the Supreme Court in paragraph 106 of the judgment are contrary to the provisions of the RTI Act,\" the review petition prepared by advocate Anoopam N Prasad said.The September 13 judgment, delivered by Justices Patnaik and Kumar, had given a number of directions including asking the Centre and state governments to consult the Chief Justice of India or chief justice of the high courts concerned while selecting retired judges for information commissions as chairpersons or members.\"The directions issued by the Supreme Court in paragraph 106 of the judgment are directly in the teeth of certain provisions of the RTI Act, 2005, thus rendering the smooth functioning of the Act unworkable,\" the Centre said.In paragraph 106 of the judgment, authored for the bench by Justice Kumar, the court said, \"The chief information commissioner at the Centre or state level shall only be a person who is or has been a chief justice of the high court or a judge of the Supreme Court of India.\"The apex court had also directed that \"appointment of judicial members to any of these posts shall be made in consultation with the Chief Justice of India and chief justices of the high courts of respective states, as the case may be\".The Centre said the principle under RTI Act was of maximum disclosure and minimum exemptions and the role of principal information officer was to release the information. \"No educational qualification has been prescribed for the officer performing the role of PIO. The rule of law requires the authorities under the Act to take decisions in a just and judicious manner,\" it said.\"The functions of PIO, first appellate authority and the commissions are not of judicial nature, and the requirement is of knowledge regarding administrative working. None of the officers is required to possess a legal background. The decision whether to disclose the information sought under RTI Act is not judicial in the least and is taken according to the provisions of the Act,\" it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17302959", "title": "Dept gears up to meet increased power demand", "text": "JAIPUR: With an increase in the demand for power this Rabi season, the state's power department has initiated measures to ensure that the demands are met without the usual load shedding. Sources in the power department claim that with the state going to polls at the end of next year, the government has already issued directives to the officials to ensure that there are minimum power cuts - scheduled and non-scheduled. As a result, tenders have been invited for short-term purchase of power between January 1 and March 31, when the load is expected to be the maximum due to the Rabi crops.The power trading division of the state has invited tenders for 300 MW of twice a day for those three months, in order to ensure round-the-clock power supply. \"The demand for power is expected to be near 1,600 lakh units daily during that time and as there would a limit to what can be drawn from the Northern Grid, additional power will have to be purchased,'' said a senior official.The department is relying on the commissioning of the third power generating unit at Chhabra by March, which would be followed by another unit a couple of months from then. \"Generation of an additional 500 MW would help meet the demand after March when the demand in the agriculture sector would be pretty low,\" admitted an official. He added that next year being the election year, special efforts are being made to ensure that the demand is met and no power cuts have to be imposed. The state's power minister Jitendra Singh during the last budget session in the Rajasthan Assembly had ensured that the state would be self-dependent in the power sector by March 2013.The present demand for power is already touching 1,550 lakh units on an average. On November 9, the demand for power touched 1,610 lakh units, which has now come down to about 1,500 lakh units. On Diwali the demand was 1,544 lakh units with Jaipur region leading with a demand of 1 crore units, the average usually being 65 lakh daily. \"As compared to last year, this Diwali the power consumption was up by 110 lakh units in Jaipur region. However, because of the winter setting in, the demand was comparatively less in Ajmer and Jodhpur region,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17305539", "title": "Diwali bonanza for burglars", "text": "SURAT: The Diwali break for citizens has turned into a bonanza for burglars, who are striking at will in the diamond city.Seven houses in two societies of Punagam area were burgled on Sunday night. Families in all these houses were out on a vacation and the incident was reported to the police by neighbours.The burglaries happened a day after the police arrested a Nepalese gang. The burglars are throwing an open challenge to police who have actually increased night patrolling specifically keeping the festive season in mind.Total amount of valuables stolen from the houses is yet to be ascertained as the families have not returned from vacation. The residents of targeted houses have gone to their native places in Saurashtra. On Sunday, residents in Gajanand and nearby Pramukh Chhaya Societies were shocked to see broken locks of seven houses in their societies. On checking, they found that the house owners had not returned and the locks were opened either using duplicate key or broken.In Gajanan Society, four houses were burgled while three were targeted in Pramukh Chhaya.Police investigation revealed that majority of the locks were of same type and the miscreants were expert in opening them. The thieves escaped with valuables from the cupboards.Police believe that all the seven burglaries were carried out by same group as similar technique was adopted to open the locks. Despite employing watchmen, the burglars successfully carried out the crime.Police are now assessing the value of total stolen material. It is believed that the burglars struck during early morning hours. Till late night, the society residents were awake and did not see any suspicious people around.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17301998", "title": "CM urges Centre to release funds for cyclone relief", "text": "HYDERABAD: Chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy on Tuesday urged the Centre to ensure early release of funds in order take up relief operations in the cyclone Nilam-affected areas of the state. Addressing the joint meeting of the southern chief ministers and chief executives of public sector banks and financial institutions in Bengaluru, the CM said the loss caused by the cyclone had been assessed at about Rs 1550 crore. In all, crops in an extent of 20 lakh acres had been damaged in the cyclone.Thanking the Centre for increasing the crop loan target by Rs 1 lakh crore, the CM also urged it to help state farmers reschedule their crop loan repayment.\"Banks are reluctant to sanction bridge loans to the beneficiaries which is hampering the progress of the housing programmes in AP,\" Kiran Kumar Reddy said. Union finance minister P Chidambaram chaired Tuesday's session of the meeting of the council of chief ministers of south India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17301274", "title": "BASIC nations warn of freezing developed world from carbon markets", "text": "NEW DELHI: Days ahead of the Doha round of climate negotiations, the BASIC countries have slammed the developed world for taking on emission cuts even lower than the ones developing countries have voluntarily agreed to. Refusing to accept the shifting burden of responsibility, the four - Brazil, India, China and South Africa - have warned that developed countries which do not participate in Kyoto Protocol 2, starting 2013, will not be allowed access to the global carbon markets.The BASIC ministers met in Beijing to take a common position ahead of the Doha talks beginning on November 26.The meeting of the four economic giants of the developing world occurred against a backdrop of concern about Kyoto Protocol not being ratified in the coming year as had been promised last year. News percolating from EU quarters had suggested that formal ratification could be delayed with differences between the member states in European Union . India had warned that a formal ratification of Kyoto Protocol was necessary to ensure that work on other tracks continued.The BASIC countries reiterated the Indian position in Beijing, stating that the \"Kyoto Protocol was a key deliverable\" for Doha and \"the essential basis for ambition within the regime.\" In other words, the BASIC nations suggested that talks to increase ambition levels for reducing emissions between 2012-2020 would be conditional on EU and other Kyoto party countries legally operationalising its second phase starting 2013.While there have been a chasm between the G77 plus China group of developing countries on many counts, the BASIC statement now aligns all the groups - the Africa group, the small island states and the larger developing economies -- in unanimously asking for a clear decision on Kyoto Protocol at Doha.The BASIC meeting also stressed that any supplementary and complementary actions besides reducing carbon dioxide emissions should also be under the principles and rules of the convention. With this, the BASIC countered the attempt by the developed nations to push the world into first addressing short-lived climate gases, such as methane from agriculture, which would throw a greater burden on the developing world.The four BASIC countries also warned against EU taking any unilateral actions on sectors like shipping after having done so on emissions from the aviation sector and then backtracked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17302327", "title": "Top-rung rejig in industries department", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Tuesday reshuffled top officials of the industry department in an effort to send a positive signal to the investors and revive the pro-industry image of the government.While West Bengal Industrial Development Corporation (WBIDC) managing director Nandini Chakravorty has been replaced with West Bengal Power Development Corporation Ltd (WBPDCL) managing director Krishna Gupta, C M Bachhawat will take over as the industry secretary from Alapan Bandopadhyay.Chakravorty will remain in the information and culture department and Bandopadhyay will also continue to hold his municipal affairs secretary post. Sources said Chakravorty will now take a bigger responsibility in the cultural front.Bachhawat had been the finance secretary in the Trinamool government and had sought a transfer \"to a less daunting department\" a year ago. However, he has now been given added responsibility. He has also served as the director, industries and executive director, WBIDC. Gupta, on the other hand, has served in the Union ministry of commerce and industries.The move has failed to imbibe any sense of hope among the industrialists, who still remain speculative about the government's hands-off land acquisition policy and no-SEZ stance. \"We still don't know if industrialization is a priority with this government. What can officials do when there is no political will?\" wondered an industrialist.The Trinamool Congress, which completed one-and-a-half years in the government on Monday, has been in the eye of a storm over the way it handled the Haldia dock crisis that saw a cargo handler leaving the state. Since then, the chief minister has been on a damage-control mode - trying to formulate a new industrial policy based on the feedback from the chambers of commerce. She will also organize a business meet in Delhi on December 17 to woo captains of the industry.However, the chief minister's decision to remove Chakravorty and Bandopadhyay came as a surprise to IAS officials. The removal of Chakravorty particularly shocked everyone as she's considered to be the chief minister's blue-eyed officer, entrusted with two key roles - as information and culture principal secretary and the WBIDC managing director. The 1994-batch officer was the youngest MD of the organization. On Tuesday, she also became the shortest serving MD of the WBIDC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17306028", "title": "Ajmal Kasab's hanging the right step, says slain commando Sandeep Unnikrishnan's father", "text": "NEW DELHI: The father of Sandeep Unnikrishnan, a NSG commando slain in the 2008 Mumbai terror attack, Wednesday said Ajmal Amir Kasab's execution was a step in the right direction.\"It is not a late decision, and it is a step in the right direction. But a lot has to be done before perpetrators of the Mumbai attack are brought to justice (in Pakistan),\" K Unnikrishnan told IANS over phone.\"I am extremely satisfied with the government decision. It has brought a sense of relief to those who lost their near and dear ones in that attack,\" he said.Choking with emotion, Unnikrishnan refused to say anything more. \"I don't know what (more) to say.\"Sandeep Unnikrishnan, a major in the Indian Army, was attached to the Special Action Group of National Security Guard at the time of the Nov 26-29, 2008 attack in Mumbai.He was killed by terrorists at the Taj Hotel in Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17303204", "title": "Bank to start scheme to help girls' education", "text": "PUNE: The Mann Deshi Foundation of Satara, working for the empowerment of rural women, has come up with a scheme for girls to pursue education beyond Std VIII. Under the scheme, a girl can open a bank account on which the bank will add 5% interest as well as deposit 5% of the cumulative savings and interest earnings as its contribution.Each account will have to be opened in the Mann Deshi Mahila Cooperative Bank, part of the foundation. Parents of the beneficiary girl have to decide on a certain amount they will be depositing periodically.Since the income level of these families is low, amounts as small as Rs 50 will also be accepted by the bank. Any girl studying in std VIII can join the scheme, said founder of the bank, Chetna Gala Sinha.She added, \"Lack of funds for fees and other educational expenses prevents many girls in rural areas from pursuing an education. In many areas, junior and senior colleges are not available, so the students have to stay away from home to continue with their education. The amount collected in two years is expected to provide sufficient monetary support for further education of the girl.\"Once the girl clears the Secondary School Certificate (Std X) examination, she can withdraw money from the account for further education or the family can continue depositing the money and use it for her under-graduate studies, Sinha said.\"Some girls have already enrolled for the scheme and opened accounts. The foundation was already offering scholarships to bright girls from the rural areas of Satara, but with this scheme, more girls can get funds for further education,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17302442", "title": "Transport secretary gets court summons", "text": "KOLKATA: The Calcutta high court ordered state transport secretary B P Gopalika to be present personally in the court and explain why the court's order relating to the use of beacons in cars has not been carried out.The division bench of Justice A K Roy and Justice D Saha Ray, earlier passed an order directing the state government to publish a notification by way of an advertisement on the front pages of each newspaper from Kolkata regarding who are entitled to use beacons in their cars.On October 19, the court gave a one-month time limit for publishing such advertisement, i.e November 19.On Tuesday, the matter came up for hearing before the bench, when Debashis Ray, state public prosecutor submitted a report to the court stating that the government has taken a decision to give permission to some new persons to use beacons in their cars.The court observed that if the state has taken such a decision the court has nothing to say, but in the instant case, it had directed the state to publish an advertisement within November 19, which was not carried out. So, the court directed the transport secretary to be present in the court on November 21 and explain why the advertisement was not published.The court-appointed amicus curiae Jayanta Narayan Chatterjee pointed out to the court that only Kolkata Police had taken steps in only five cases in last one month, where it was found that persons using beacons were not entitled to use that. But the West Bengal Police failed to take any such step in last one month. \"Though it had spotted an IPS officer's car with illegal red light, he was released after identification,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17302781", "title": "Kelkar panel takes up taluka as devp unit issue", "text": "NAGPUR: The dispute between politically influential leaders of western Maharashtra and those from backward regions of Vidarbha and Marathwada on the issue of new indicators to measure developmental imbalance among is likely to escalate further.While those from already developed parts of the state want to consider taluka as a basic unit to assess development, leaders of Vidarbha and its statutory development board have strongly opposed the move and want to retain district as the base. They have written to governor K Sankaranarayanan on this.In a clear indication that state may seek a major change in indicators for measuring developmental imbalance among its various regions, Vijay Kelkar committee at its meeting held in Pune on Monday took up for discussion whether taluka could be taken up as unit. Expectedly members from western Maharashtra supported it and those from Vidarbha opposed it, sources in the committee told TOI.Last week, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan had said that there was a proposal to consider taluka as unit. VSDB expert member Madhukar Kimmatkar as well as BJP BLA Devendra Fadnavis had raised an objection and stated that it was unfair of Chavan to raise the issue when Kelkar committee appointed by the governor to take a fresh look at developmental backlog was completing its exercise.According to Vinayak Deshpande, a committee member from Vidarbha, the Kelkar panel's recommendation in this regard would be final and the indicator finalized by it would be used for budgetary allocations from year 2013 onwards. The Kelkar report, if accepted by the government, would overrule all other indicators in Dandekar and the Indicators and Backlog Committee prevalent till now. Both the committees were firm on district as developmental unit especially for sectors like irrigation. The Kelkar committee has time till March 31 next to submit its report. It has already toured all seven divisions of the state and through subcommittees studied the situation in various sectors. The work of compiling a draft report would be assigned to YASHADA of Pune, it is learnt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17301219", "title": "Was Ajmal Kasab secretly shifted to Yerwada jail?", "text": "MUMBAI: Pakistan national Ajmal Kasab , sentenced to death for the November 26 2008 terror attack, may have very quietly been shifted from Mumbai's Arthur Road jail to Pune's Yerwada jail. However, there was no official confirmation till the time of going to press.Kasab (25) was kept in Arthur Road jail from January 2008 till the second week of November this year. \"It's highly confidential and sensitive information. We don't want to talk about it,\" was the refrain of most senior police officials TOI spoke to. However, certain members of the security establishment indicated, on condition of anonymity, that Kasab had been transferred saying Yerwada was meant for keeping convicts while Arthur Road was for undertrials. The 1993 Mumbai serial bomb blasts convicts are also been lodged at Yerwada.Kasab's death sentence has been confirmed by the Supreme Court and his clemency petition is pending with the President's office.Kasab was kept in a specially designed multi-layer security cell in the Mumbai jail. Besides Mumbai police, ITBP and SRPF personnel were deployed to protect Kasab. The total cost of protecting Kasab in the last four years is estimated to be in excess of Rs 40 crore.Kasab was arrested on November 27, 2008 for attacking civillians and policemen. In the 26/11 terror attack 166 people, including 18 foreigners, were killed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17300389", "title": "4 arrested in Ponty Chadha shootout case", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even as the farmhouse shootout that felled the Chadha brothers, Ponty and Hardeep, continues to puzzle investigators, they are moving quickly to solve the cases related to the acts of trespass and assault at the Chadhas' two farmhouses that reportedly pitted the brothers against each other on Saturday.On Tuesday, four men from the Ponty Chadha camp were arrested for their suspected involvement in the Saturday morning raid at the Chhattarpur farmhouse, where the tragic shootout occurred hours later. The accused include Ponty's protocol manager who was allegedly leading the band of goons, the personal security officers of Ponty and his daughter, and the driver of a Scorpio that was found at the crime scene. The FIR in the case was recorded on the complaint of Hardeep Chadha's driver Nand Lal Sharma.The four \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Bhupender Singh, resident of Friends Colony, Uday Raj Singh alias Anna from Meerut, Rajpal Singh from UP and Anand Singh Bisht from Almora, Uttarakhand \u00e2\u20ac\u201d have been charged with criminal conspiracy, attempt to murder, dacoity, assault, unlawful trespass, illegal confinement and kidnapping, and remanded to five days' police custody. Licensed pistols have been seized from the first three.These are the first arrests in the Chhattarpur farmhouse case although two men, Vijay alias Malik and Madan Rana, were arrested on Monday for trespass at the Chadha's farmhouse in Bijwasan (G-19). They have been remanded to two days' police custody.Police sought five days' remand for the Chhattarpur case accused saying other suspects are yet to be arrested and the four need to be confronted with the articles seized from the farmhouse. However, the defence counsel opposed the police's demand, arguing that the accused were unlikely to have trespassed as the farmhouse belonged to Ponty.Police are going over whatever little CCTV footage they have found at the farmhouses, and have not given a clean chit to anyone, including Ponty's friend Sukhdev Singh Namdhari \u00e2\u20ac\u201d sacked chief of Uttarakhand's minorities commission \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and his security officer who allegedly shot Hardeep. Sources said police are not attaching special significance to Namdhari's statement although he witnessed the shootout as there are inconsistencies in his account. He will be questioned about his purpose in accompanying Chadha to the farmhouse, said a senior officer.\"We are questioning Namdhari to verify his statement that Hardeep's PSOs also fired when others have denied this. He has stated that his PSO, Sachin Tyagi, shot dead Hardeep, and also that Hardeep walked inside the farmhouse after shooting Ponty. These are conflicting statements. We want to know how Namdhari and his PSO escaped unscathed from Hardeep's gunfire\" a source said.Namdhari's history of suspected involvement in heinous crimes also goes against him, said the source, adding, his statements will be tallied with those of his PSO and the injured security manager, Narender.Meanwhile, the shootout case remains a mystery. Police have still not confirmed the exact number of weapons recovered from the spot or the make of bullets used and recovered. Questions about Ponty's Land Cruiser getting hit from behind when Hardeep was allegedly shooting from the front remain unanswered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17305375", "title": "Saina Nehwal enters second round of Hong Kong Open", "text": "NEW DELHI: London Olympics bronze medallist shuttler Saina Nehwal opened her campaign at the Hong Kong Super Series on a positive note, prevailing over Aprilla Yuswandari of Indonesia in straight games to reach the second round of women's singles event on Wednesday.The world number three Saina took time to get into the groove but went from strength to strength as the match progressed to notch up a 22-20, 21-8 win over Aprilla at the Hong Kong Coliseum in Kowloon.Pranaav Chopra and Siki Reddy N also reached the second round with a 21-19, 21-15 victory over Phillip Chew and Jamie Subandhi of the USA in the mixed doubles competition.Returing to action after skipping the China Open, Saina was equally good with her smashes and net play as the Indian registered as many as 15 smash winners and equal number of net winners in the 33-minute contest.After gaining a narrow 3-1 lead early on, Saina lost the lead for a brief time when Aprilla went 8-6 ahead. However, the Indian restored her lead, moving to 14-10, before the Indonesian clawed back at 20-20.But Saina didn't give any chance to Aprilla after that and closed the opening game in her favour with two consecutive points.In the second game, the third seeded Indian was lagging 1-4 initially but came back in style, registering eight straight points to move to 9-4. She then reeled off another 10 points and in a jiffy she was 19-6 ahead. She closed the issue in her favour comfortably after that.In another match, Tarun Kona and Ashwini Ponnappa lost their opening match against top seed Chinese pair of Chen XU and Jin MA 21-15, 21-16 in the mixed doubles competition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "10841125", "title": "Say no to water between meals", "text": "Glugging water during meals severely hampers your stomach's digestive powers and causes insulin levels to fluctuate significantly, warns Microboitic counsellor Shonali SabherwalTo know if you're drinking enough water, it is often said, just check if you are feeling thirsty. If you aren't, your fluid intake is likely to be just about right. But downing glasses of water along with your meals may not be the best time to quench your thirst.Macrobiotic counsellor Shonali Sabherwal explains why you should not drink water during your meal. \"Most Indians have water along with their meals. The usual theory is washing down the food while eating. People have no idea how wrong this practice is and how difficult this can be for their digestion. For those suffering with digestion problems, the ramifications are manifold. Our stomachs have a knack of knowing when you will eat and starts releasing digestive juices immediately. If you start drinking water at the same time, what you are actually doing is diluting the digestive juices being released to digest your food, thereby hindering them from breaking down food.\"Research shows that sipping a little water during meals isn't a cause for concern but drinking a glass or two may interfere with digestion. It is best to drink fluids before and two hours after meals as this helps in absorption of nutrients, researchers have found.Elaborating on what exactly happens inside you when you glug water during meals, Sabherwal says that it gets absorbed by the intestinal walls of the stomach. \"This absorption continues till it becomes concentrated enough for the digestive juices to begin digesting your food. However, due to it getting mixed with water, this concentrated substance is now thicker than the food contents present in your stomach. So less gastric juice will be secreted to digest your food. The result is, undigested food leaks into your system as it gets absorbed through the stomach walls. This will also lead to acid reflux and heart burn.\" Drinking water with meals can also cause a surge in your insulin levels, almost like the way high glycemic food would affect you, Sabherwal cautions. \"The more insulin is released in to your blood stream, the higher the chances of you storing fat in your body.\"To avoid watering down your meals, Sabherwal suggests a few don'ts. \"Make sure your food is not too salty as that would aggravate your thirst and trigger your need to down more water. Besides, eating in a hurry will cause you to gulp your food down. Most likely, you would feel the need to wash it down with water while you are at it. Instead, chew, chew and then chew some more. We secrete a lot of digestive juices (enzymes) while chewing, which makes our stomach's job easier.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17302730", "title": "Three confess to 10 unreported thefts", "text": "AHMEDABAD: City police arrested three youths working as domestic servants who have confessed to 10 thefts, in which they stole cash and valuables worth more than Rs 14 lakh. Interestingly, none of the thefts had been reported to the police in the last year.The burglars, who would pose as domestic servants for their operations, confessed to their thefts. This is how the city police now know about these unreported thefts at various parts of the city. Police investigators believe the burglars targeted people from the upper strata of the society who did not report the cases to \"avoid police harassment\".Neeraj Badgujar, deputy commissioner of police, Zone I, said: \"We will approach the victims and ask them why they did not register complaints. This gang was on the loose for a year. Had the thefts been reported, we could have caught them much earlier.\"On Monday, Anandnagar police arrested three youths \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Manilal Patel (Marwadi), 25, Dinesh Patel (Marwadi), 22, and Gyaniprasad Ahirwal, 25, all residents of Khodiarnagar chhapra, Ghatlodia. While the first two are natives of Dungarpur, Rajasthan, the third is from Sagar, Madhya Pradesh. They were nabbed in connection with a string of thefts from western parts of the city. The trio used to pose as domestic help to gain access to homes and steal valuables, said investigators.According to Anandnagar police, a team was on vigil near Bileshwar Mahadev crossroads in Satellite on Monday evening on the basis of a tip-off. Cops flagged down a bike with a Rajasthan registration number being ridden by three youths. On being searched, police found a crowbar used to break locks. The trio was taken to the police station and questioned.J H Jalu, inspector of Anandnagar police station, said: \"We are now taking the suspects to various locations in the city to find out where they stole all the valuables from and why these crimes were never reported.\"Badgujar said, \"Dinesh is the leader. He and Manilal came to the city a year ago in search of jobs and stayed at Rajeevnagar in Satellite. The duo then came up with the idea of stealing valuables by posing as domestic help. They started working in areas such as Anandnagar, Satellite and Vastrapur.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17302806", "title": "Waste water mgmt a new challenge for urban India", "text": "NAGPUR: Despite rapid economic growth most of the Asian countries are lagging behind in providing good sanitation in the urban areas. Most of the cities are facing a crisis regarding management of waste, especially waste water.Decentralized Water Treatment System (DEWATS) has emerged as a good, low cost solution to all these problems. Experts from all over the world will gather in the city over the next two days to discuss the various aspects of this technology. The occasion would be an international conference organized by International Water Association (IWA) on November 20 and 21. Several other organizations like Germany-based BORDA, Consortium for DEWATS Dissemination Society (CDD), NEERI are co-organizing the event that is being supported by German Federal Ministry for economic cooperation and development, Indian Water Works Association and Union Ministry of Urban Development.Regional director for Asia-Pacific of IWA Ryan Yieu said that this was the fourth such conference in Asia. \"We wanted to create a platform to discuss local problems and debate about the most efficient ways to solve them. Other than delegates from the Asian countries, we will have participants from European and African countries too,\" he said.Maren Heuvels from BORDA said that 5.5 million people in the world do not have access to sanitation in the developing world. \"Many children are dying only because their surroundings are dirty. If water is life, dignity can be added to it only by means of sanitation,\" she said.Agreed Sushmita Sinha of CDD. \"The current epidemic of dengue in the country is a case in point that underlines the importance of sanitation. The sheer size of our country makes it difficult for us to provide the right solution to this problem because population growth surpasses growth in any other field,\" Sinha said.She added that India, Pakistan, Bangladesh and China fared badly because of several local problems when it came to sanitation.NEERI scientist Pawan Labshetwar said that India is taking steps to rectify this problem. \"Even the Ministry of Environment and Forestry (MoEF) recently directed all settlements with more than 50 houses to make use of decentralized waste water treatment,\" he said.Talking about the problems specific to Nagpur, president of city branch of IWWA Narendra Bangre said that with expansion and development of the city, more and more water is being discharged into Nag river. \"This is turning a river into a stinking nullah. The only water treatment plant in the city at Bhandewadi also has a very small capacity. This makes it all the more important to employ techniques like DEWATS in our city,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17301422", "title": "Vyasarpadi was home to goons for decades", "text": "Vyasarpadi earned its reputation as a hub of crime because some of the most notorious gangsters of the 1990s called it home.Many of them came out of the colonies that were created to house Burmese repatriates who moved to Chennai in the 1960s after the military junta took control of Myanmar . From 1965, Burmese repatriates were allowed to settle in Vyasarpadi, on the banks of the lake, which was then about 700 acres. The settlement was named after the then chief minister M Bhaktavatsalam. Similar settlements were formed in Sivagami Nagar near Ennore.Over time, residents of Bhaktavatsalam Colony in Vyasarpadi turned to crime as jobs were hard to come by and living conditions difficult. Rowdyism mushroomed in the city, spilling out of Vyasarpadi and giving police a hard time. The gang wars began with two repatriates, Subbaiah and Benjamin.A senior police officer said, \"Subbaiah had an iron ore business but also ran kangaroo courts. Benjamin condemned Subbaiah's illegal activities, and their fight eventually turned into a Hindu-Christian conflict. They formed gangs and attacked each other often. Benjamin was also a DYFI member and was quite popular.\" Subbaiah's nephew Chera, alias Rajendran, a policeman who was dismissed from service, was his right hand man. Benjamin roped in 'Vellai' Ravi as his aide. They held sway over Vyasarpadi and were involved in extortion, kidnapping and murder.Benjamin and Ravi's gang killed Subbaiah in 1991. Chera's gang killed Benjamin a year later with the help of another rowdy, Asaithambi, who eventually formed his own gang. Another gangster who would grow to become a feared name, Kabilan joined Chera's gang and they killed more than 14 people to take revenge for Subbaiah's murder. One of the murders took place inside the Egmore court in the early 2000s when Chera's gang killed Ravi's aide Vijayakumar alias Viji.Police cracked down on the gangsters, and by 2003, most of them had been jailed or killed in encounters. Due to the police action, many gangsters shifted base to Sevvapet near Tiruvallur, Ennore and Kancheepuram district. A few like Appu and Gate Rajendran moved to posh localities in Thiruvanmiyur and Adyar, and operate out of houses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17301823", "title": "Sangma seeks trial in presidential poll case", "text": "NEW DELHI: Defeated presidential candidate Purno Sangma's counsel on Tuesday urged the Supreme Court to order trial on his election petition questioning the veracity of President Pranab Mukherjee's assertion that he had quit alleged offices of profit before filing nomination for the president's post.Appearing for Sangma, senior advocate Ram Jethmalani argued before a bench of Chief Justice Altamas Kabir and Justices P Sathasivam, S S Nijjar, J Chelameswar and Ranjan Gogoi that the nature of the documents associated with Mukherjee's resignation from the posts of leader of Congress party in Lok Sabha and chairman of Indian Statistical Institute was such that they needed examination.This was stoutly resisted by Mukherjee's counsel, senior advocate Harish Salve, who countered Sangma's argument for trial by drawing the court's attention to the Supreme Court Rules which warranted preliminary scrutiny of petitions challenging election of president and vice-president by a five-judge bench to identify whether it disclosed substantial facts and evidence to order trial.If Jethmalani was insistent on a trial and even said in a lighter vein that he would not \"cross-examine\" Mukherjee for long, Salve was critical of any casual approach in matters involving the \"highest office of the land\".Jethmalani said the post of leader of Congress party in Lok Sabha was a constitutional one and resignation from it required intimation to the Speaker. But here, Mukherjee tendered his resignation to the party president without any intimation to the Speaker. \"This surely requires examination of the respondent,\" he said.Salve said the post of leader of Congress party in Lok Sabha accrued to Mukherjee because he was a Cabinet minister and that the prime minister was a member of Rajya Sabha. \"The post provided no perk or perquisite to Mukherjee. Once he resigned from the Union Cabinet and the Congress, he automatically ceased to be the leader of the party in Lok Sabha,\" he added.Salve also drew the court's attention to the rules governing the chairman of Indian Statistical Institute, Kolkata, which he said categorically mentioned that it was an honorary post carrying no salary, perks or perquisites. Arguments on the issue will continue on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17303112", "title": "'Need to protect inland water fisheries'", "text": "PUNE: Urgent steps should be taken for protection of inland water fisheries as millions of people are dependent on them, citizen's groups and individuals wrote to the Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) and its expert appraisal committee on river valley and hydro-power projects.On the eve of World Fisheries Day, observed on November 21, over 20 citizens' groups and individuals wrote a letter to the ministry and its expert appraisal committee, urging them to take necessary steps for protection of the riverine fisheries and dependent fisherfolks. The letter urged the government to pay attention to in situ conservation of rivers and fish and declare one river per state as protected, besides marking 'no go' zones for dams and hydropower projects to conserve fish biodiversity.The individuals who have endorsed the letter include A J T Johnsingh (member of the National Board of Wildlife), Nilesh Kamalkishore Heda (an ecologist working on the river of Wainganga basin), Sunil Chaudhary (from the Vikramshila Gangetic Dolphin Sanctuary in Bihar ), Prakash Nautiyal Garhwal (University of Uttarkhand), Manish Rajankar (Bhandara Nisarg Mandal, Vidharba) and Parineeta Dandekar (the South Asian Network on Dams, Rivers and People, Pune), among several others.The letter says that research on 'fish passes and ladders' appropriate for Indian conditions and fish species must be undertaken urgently by the MoEF and organisations like the Central Inland Fisheries Research Institute (CIFRI). Appropriately designed fish ladders and passes must be fitted to barrages and dams wherever possible. (Fish ladders or fishways enable fish to pass around the barriers (dams and locks) by swimming and leaping up a series of relatively low steps into the waters on the other side.)The letter also says that environmental flows norms should be stringent and river and species specific. Besides, environmental flows releases should happen preferably through fish passes and ladders, certainly not through additional turbines. (Environmental flows describe the quantity, timing, and quality of water flows required to sustain freshwater and estuarine ecosystems.)\"Free flowing distance of a river between two dams in a cascade should be minimum 5 km, instead of the current one or less than one km. In addition, the environmental impact assessment (EIA) notification 2006 should be amended so that dams for drinking water, industrial supply, embankments and hydro power above 1 MW would need clearance. Strong punitive action should be taken against shoddy EIA consultants submitting false reports,'' the letter says.The other requests include assessment of fish diversity in various rivers, impact of dams on fish and livelihoods and reliable inland fish production statistics. The citizens' groups have also called for bringing out a white paper on the effectiveness of hatcheries, including their impacts on riverine fish diversity and livelihoods and how the money allocated for hatcheries is spent.\"We urge the MoEF to ensure that fishermen affected by dams are included in social impact assessments and adequately compensated, including fishing rights in reservoirs. Consider the rivers from an ecosystem perspective rather than just as a source of water or just considering a particular stretch of river. There is a need for a 'comprehensive national inland fisheries act' for protection of fisherfolk and fisheries,'' the letter says.The groups have highlighted that the inland waters were biodiversity rich supporting millions in terms of fisheries-based livelihoods, but this environment was constantly under threat of depletion and degradation due to changed land and water use pattern in the name of development. The major culprit, as shown by increasing number of studies, reports and local experience, are over 5,100 large dams of India which hamper water cycle by drying up rivers, changing hydrology, increasing sedimentation, concentrating pollution or pollutants. The fisherfolks are not even considered for rehabilitation or compensation when they get affected by dams, hydropower, diversion and other such projects and are left to fend for themselves, they say.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "brs nagar", "code": "17305829", "title": "Welcome to the jungle", "text": "BRS NAGAR: Dressed as various animals of the jungle kingdom, the toddlers of Cherrylane Playschool learned that a tiger roars, a cow moos, a dog barks and a cat mews, during the \" Know Your Animal Day\" at the school, on Tuesday. The school premises appeared a mini-jungle with animals and birds of all kinds running around and the campus decorated with coloured cardboard cutouts and soft toys of jungle animals and birds.The kids were shown a video that introduced and explained the traits of various animals and birds, like their favourite food, habitat, life style and their sounds. The presentation round was followed by a question round were the kids were asked to identify the animals. The toddlers got hand-made certificates of participation with a photograph of them performing on stage pasted on it.Teachers explained the children through stories and rhymes that animals and birds should be treated with love and kindness. While some enjoyed the day where they could enact animals, make weird noises and play in their make-shift jungle, a few others seemed not too happy with the whole jungle set-up.The toddlers chose their favourite animals when they had to dress up like one. Soham Jain came dressed as an octopus, Manya Jain as honeybee, Ranbeer Sharma, Sargam Kalia and Saksham as rabbits, Andi as a peacock, Sukhsahib Singh as a tiger, Gurkirat as a tortoise and Taruni came dressed as an alligator.Principal Charul Chowdhary said, \"The playschools are meant to make these toddlers learn while they have fun. The concept behind celebrating this day was just to help kids identify animals and birds around them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17302024", "title": "Water Board-Transco spat delays power supply to Godavari project", "text": "HYDERABAD: Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) and AP Transco officials are at loggerheads over independent power lines for the prestigious Godavari drinking water supply project (Maulana Abul Kalam Hyderabad Srujala Sravanthi Scheme). Water Board officials want the power supply as early as possible, while their Transco counterparts want the HMWS&SB; to clear outstanding dues of Rs 3.50 crore.The drinking water project aims to bring 172 million gallons per day (MGD) from the Yellampally barrage in Karimnagar district to meet the city's demand.\"The Water Board needs 36 megawatt (MW) for the drinking water project. Even before taking up the water supply project, we approached Transco with a request to provide 220 KV power supply to pumping stations proposed at Murmur, Bommakal, Mallaram and Kondapaka by building separate sub-stations,\" a senior HMWS&SB; official told TOI.The Water Board also sent a requisition to the Transco that each intermediate pumping station would require dedicated power lines. At sub-stations, the Transco has to install transformers and required equipment. \"Though we have been sending reminders to them, so far there was no response from them,\" he said.When contacted, Transco, director (Transmission) Ch Chenna Reddy said, \"We have sent an official communique to the Water Board to pay Rs 15.50 crore supervisory charges. After several reminders, the agency paid Rs 12 crore. Transco has been intimating the Water Board to clear the pending amount, but so far there was no response.\"\"Transco is ready to provide 220 KV power lines to the pumping stations at Murmur, Bommakal, Mallaram and Kondapaka if they clear the dues,\" he added.Water Board general manager, Electrical Division, M Rajan said, \"We have made all necessary arrangements for 220 KV lines from Transco point of supply to various pumping station sites, but the power utility was delaying procurement of equipment.\" On the other hand, laying pipeline work has been up done up to 100 kms of 186 kms. However, the government wants to complete the drinking water supply project by the end of 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17302286", "title": "Bharathidasan University goofs up question paper, exam cancelled", "text": "TRICHY: The mycology and virology exam scheduled for second year microbiology students in Bharathidasan University (BDU) had to be cancelled in several affiliated colleges as the question papers were wrongly set.The controller of examinations of BDU, A Selvam, told TOI that about 800 students in over 25 colleges were affected and could not sit for their exam. \"Though the subject code and the title of the subject remained the same, the questions were totally irrelevant to the subject. Even the chairman of the examinations endorsed the question papers,\" he said. In fact, two sets of question papers are prepared for each subject, and should there be aberrations in one set, the second would be opened. To make matters worse, the second set of question papers too was out of the syllabus.Since the regular exam schedule of the third semester runs up to December 21, Tuesday's exam is now scheduled for December 22, Selvam said. \"It is a serious blunder on the part of the setter and endorsing the same by the chairman of exams is even more serious. Appropriate disciplinary action would be taken against them,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17302662", "title": "HC rejects plea against IPS officer", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat high court on Tuesday disposed off a petition demanding action against senior IPS officer H P Singh, stating that it could not intervene in the issue of alleged illegal construction in Vastrapur, as the matter is pending before a lower court.In response to the petition seeking direction to police authorities to act against the Rajkot's police chief, Justice R R Tripathi observed that the FIR is required to be lodged in a proper manner and if needed, there should be investigation into the allegations that the senior cop issued threats and caused harassment.The high court made an oral observation that the allegation of a threat by a senior cop cannot be taken lightly. This happened during proceedings over the petition by Singh's neighbour, Harinderpal Singh Virk.Virk claims that Singh has been putting up an illegal construction in the servants' quarters. This fact was admitted by Singh's counsel, but Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation claimed that it was completely unaware of the development. The high court disposed off the case by asking the petitioner to move the civic body to decide on whether the construction be treated as illegal or not. Besides, a civil court in Mirzapur has ordered status quo in this case till November 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17302692", "title": "Don\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t gamble with contraception, abortion, warn doctors", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The infamous case of the death of 31-year-old Savita Halappanavar in Ireland, which follows the policy of a blanket ban on abortion has led city doctors to emphasize the need for safe abortions and awareness regarding contraceptive and abortion techniques.Clinical assessment shows that women here go for repeated abortions by popping in emergency pills, but shy away from taking contraceptive measures. This can rupture the fallopian tubes, jeopardizing further pregnancies, say doctors.City-based gynecologist, Ritambra Bhalla, who has been counselling students in the aftermath of the incident in Ireland, said it was not clear why Savita did not survive. But she underlined the need for women to understand the consequences of repeated abortions. According to her, repeated abortions harm the uterus and result in hormonal imbalances.The level of ignorance among women regarding the use of abortion and contraceptive pills is such that even literate women often do not know what contraceptives are meant for. Dr Anupam Singh, a Sector 20-based gynaecologist cited the example of a patient suffering from polycystic ovaries to corroborate this claim. \"The patient had irregular cycles and was prescribed these medicines, which are contraceptives. They regularize the monthly cycle.However, she was not told that she would not be able to conceive as long as she was taking the pills. The patient came to us as she was keen to become a mother,\" said the doctor.Contrary to the scenario in Ireland, abortion and emergency contraceptive pills are easily available over the counter in India. \"We do not advise patients to go for such pills be it for abortion or contraception. After abortion, an ultrasound has to be taken to rule out the possibility of an ectopic pregnancy. This can burst the tubes and result in infertility,\" Dr Umesh Jindal, an IVF specialist warned.Contraceptive pills do not allow egg formation, while abortion pills prevent implantation when eggs are formed in the absence of a contraceptive. \"However, we don't advise anyone to go for emergency contraceptives. These are not meant for regular use,\" said Dr Ritambra Bhalla. With myths of irregular cycles associated with contraceptives, most women prefer abortion over contraception, which is a serious health risk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17301906", "title": "Bus hits traffic cop in VIP area", "text": "LUCKNOW: A traffic constable was admitted to the Trauma Centre in a serious condition after he was hit by a UPSRTC bus on Tuesday morning. The injured constable, Sanjay Singh, was hit by the bus near 5 Kalidas Marg, the official residence of chief minister Akhilesh Yadav . Singh was in the area to find out his day's routine from the Lucknow traffic office.Singh, who was transferred from Bahraich to the city a month back, started bleeding profusely after the accident. The police officials rushed him to Civil Hospital from where doctors referred him to the Trauma Centre. But since the ambulance driver was not present, the police had to dial up 108 ambulance service, sources said. Doctors said the constable will be under observation for at least 48 hours. The driver of the bus fled the scene but the police have seized the bus and have filed a complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17302906", "title": "Tension in Belgaum as procession brickbated", "text": "BELGAUM: Tension gripped the Chennamma Circle area here on Tuesday after unidentified persons stoned a procession.The miscreants threw stones at the procession, being taken out as part of Tipu Sultan birth anniversary celebrations, when it was approaching Chennamma Circle from Fort Road. They fled towards the City Civil Hospital. Police resorted to a mild lathicharge to disperse a restive crowd.\"We are on the lookout for the accused and are confident of nabbing them soon. The situation is normal. As a precautionary measure, we have deployed more personnel in the city. One of the accused, Gauz Abdul Sab Makandar, is undergoing treatment at the City Civil Hospital. We are confident of arresting the other accused. We have filed four FIRs,\" Belgaum police superintendent Sandeep Patil said.Mohammad Nayeem and Naushad Mohammad Rafique Manjre were treated as outpatients and sent home.MLA Firoz Sait visited the hospital and spoke to Makandar, who has not been formally arrested yet.Hundreds of people took part in the procession. The participants hailed Tipu's contributions to India's freedom struggle. Police had made elaborate security arrangements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17306018", "title": "Tharoor\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s book Pax Indica released in UAE", "text": "Minister of State for Human Resource Development Dr Shashi Tharoor's new book, Pax Indica , has been released in the UAE.The new book, that has already been well-received in India, was released by Shaikh Abdullah Bin Zayed Al Nahyan , UAE minister of foreign affairs.Unveiling the book Shaikh Nahyan hailed the strong friendship between the two countries and the personal friendship they share with Dr Tharoor , Gulf News reports.According to the report, among the topics he surveys in the book are India's major international relationships, the country's soft power and its global responsibilities, workings of the Ministry of External Affairs and the role of parliament and public opinion in the shaping of policy.One of the special relationships he explores is that of India and UAE, which is why he said he chose Dubai for the Middle East release of the book, the report said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17300899", "title": "90% of mechanical meters are yet to be recalibrated", "text": "MUMBAI: Just six days left for the November 25 deadline to recalibrate meters in taxis and autos, but most of the meters recalibrated so far are mainly the existing electronic meters. This means that 90% mechanical meters in Mumbai are yet to be recalibrated. And that is where the problem lies, as commuters allege that most of the old mechanical meters are rigged.Sources indicated that nearly 55,000 mechanical meters in autos and 12,000 in taxis were pending for recalibration. If this is not done before Sunday, commuters will continue to face problems travelling in these vehicles.Said consumer activist Sunil Mone, \"The transport department should have given priority to autos and taxis fitted with mechanical meters. They could have set up special counters for recalibrating or replacing these meters with e-meters. The union leaders (Sharad Rao and A L Quadros) had appealed to all drivers to dump all mechanical meters for e-meters. But sadly, most vehicles fitted with mechanical meters have not turned up for recalibration so far.\"The RTO, too, has left it on the drivers to decide when to come for the recalibration. With the deadline round the corner, it is not clear what action the government would take against those vehicles (with mechanical meters) which have not been recalibrated.State transport commissioner V N More had announced in the past that those who failed to recalibrate meters will not be allowed to charge the new fares. \"Commuters should pay these drivers as per the old fares,\" he had stated. But this could lead to more fights between commuters and drivers.Besides, it will not be practically possible for the RTO to take action (or issue showcause notices) against such a huge number of autos and taxis for failing to recalibrate.When contacted, Quadros said the government should take an urgent decision on extending the deadline. \"We will petition the transport department that we lost eight days\u00e2\u20ac\u201dtwo for Divali, two for the Shiv Sena bandh and four other days when the taxis could not go to RTO for recalibration. We should at least get an extension of eight days,\" he said. Another union leader said that the extension should be for a month (till December 31).Sources said the state government planned to give an extension at the eleventh hour. This is likely to be announced through a notification by the weekend, sources stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17318387", "title": "Facebook face-off sparks rebellion on social media", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Soon after the harrowing experience of two Mumbai girls who expressed their opinion on Mumbai bandh on Facebook came to light, young poet Meena Kandasamy wrote on Twitter: \"Indian police can convert nation into an open prison bcoz lots of us hate a man who adored Hitler #Arrest Me.\" Following this tweet , Meena posted several thoughts, venting her anger on the system. The last in the series of tweets said she felt sorry for the Indian tricolour.Meena was one among thousands of angry youngsters who were seen waging a war for freedom of speech on the internet on Tuesday. If Shaheen Dhada was arrested for criticizing the bandh observed in Mumbai following the death of Bal Thackeray , several active users of social networking sites in Kerala committed graver crimes by the scale of Mumbai police. Comments cheering the death of Thackeray and portraying him as a merchant of hatred are still being shared actively by Malayali youth.Take for example, the post by K N Ashok on Facebook: \"Certain deaths will bring hope to people; hope of a better world. Good bye Thackeray and Pondi Chadda. Never come back.\" Another one by Sebin Abraham on FB said: \"Go prophet of hatred. Never come back. Go away from our damned memories.\" A post by T C Rajesh was titled, 'Hindu Terrorist attained samadhi'. While Ashok's post got 26 likes and seven shares, Sebin's post got 173 likes and 123 shares till Tuesday evening.\"If I can speak my opinion about someone beside a public road, I can do the same on Facebook too. If I abuse someone at a public place, the police can initiate action against me. I think it should be the same way to deal with FB posts too. Regarding my post, I don't think I said anything abusive,\" said Sebin Jacob.IT expert and columnist V K Adarsh supported Sebin's opinion and added that there were indeed draconian clauses in the present IT act. \"The controversial clause 66 (A) was added when the act was amended in 2008. The amendment was passed without any debate in the Parliament as the proceedings had been stalled then owing to some other issues. As a result, the new amendments were pro-government in nature,\" said Adarsh. He also said incidents like that in Mumbai would help the citizen's media to mature. \"It's a medium that guarantees free speech for common man. The ultimate victory will be of social media as it represents people's power,\" said Adarsh.Cyber crime investigator Dhanya Menon said it was the duty of every user of social networking sites to abide by the law of the land. \"The debate on whether the rule compromises one's freedom of speech is different. The current rules demand great caution from users. There are still people who think that they can remain untraceable after posting something on FB,\" she said. According to Dhanya, the 66(a) clause had already been used by many aggrieved persons in Kerala. \"Those complaints didn't become news as the complainants are common people,\" she said.There are experts who are of the view that such incidents will only help to refine the IT act and the social networking medium. \"The print media has established its privilege to speak the truth through long and continuous fights. The girls in Mumbai didn't do anything more than what justice Markanteya Katju did through his article on the same subject in a newspaper. But, nobody seems to question the newspaper article or the author,\" said Sebastian Paul , veteran journalist, lawyer and former press council member. \"Any law in the country should be in sync with Article 19 (1) (a) which guarantees freedom of speech. I don't think the controversial provision in the IT act correlates with Article 19 (1) (a),\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17302203", "title": "Andhra Pradesh's Republic Day tableau rejected again", "text": "HYDERABAD: For the fourth consecutive year, the Andhra Pradesh tableau will not be seen in the colorful Republic Day parade at Rajpath in Delhi on January 26, 2013. Despite the efforts of the state government to present an offbeat theme on palaces and rocks of Hyderabad, the selection committee under the Union defence ministry rejected AP's proposals. What is interesting is that the themes were rejected at the fourth stage of consideration of themes of various states, which many deemed as unusual.With this, AP has missed the opportunity to display its grandeur at the Republic Day parade this year in which Sultan of Oman Qaboos bin Said Al Said is scheduled to be the chief guest.Aghast at the process of selections, the state government has reportedly brought the anomaly to the notice of officials of the defence ministry. In fact, in the previous three years, the state's attempts to have its theme represented in the tableau did not meet with any success despite Union minister of state for defence M M Pallam Raju, who hails from AP, being in-charge minister for ceremonies. Last year too, chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy intervened, but in vain.For the 2013 Republic Day parade, the state submitted five themes which included palaces and rocks of Hyderabad, Lepakshi temple and the world famous Kondapalli toys. Of the five themes, these three were selected at the first meeting of the selection committee and in the second stage, the Lepakshi temple theme was finalised. In the third meeting, the state was asked to present the 3-D model of the Lepakshi tableau. However, there was no call for the fourth meeting from the selection committee, implying that AP's theme did not make it further in the selection.While some accuse the information and public relations department of having a casual approach towards ensuring AP's representation in the R-Day tableau, others attribute the North-South divide and the lobbying by builders of the tableau for disqualification. \"The information department did not depute any expert on the themes to be presented before the 13-member committee. And those who presented it, the I&PR; officials, were not articulate and forceful leading to the state getting eliminated,\" a member associated with the process told TOI.Lobbying blamed for tableau rejectionBut the department officials have a different story to tell. They attribute the rejection of the AP theme to the high level lobbying in Delhi. \"Some tableau builders have got great influence on the selection panel. If you award the tableau contract to the builders, they manage the entry. AP has never routed its tableau presentation through builders,\" sources in the department said.Expressing his disappointment at the state losing out yet again, information commissioner RV Chandravadan said: \"We brought the injustice meted out to Andhra Pradesh to the notice of the defence officials. In addition to the traditional themes, this time around, we wanted to introduce the unique culture of Hyderabad to the whole nation through the palaces along with picturesque rock formations which are unique to Hyderabad. Still, we were eliminated mid-way through the process,\" Chandravadan said.Hopeful at getting a special chance, the commissioner said he has sent a theme on biodiversity for consideration as a special case. However, the chances of AP making it to the tableau at this stage is very unlikely, the sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17304374", "title": "Sanjay Gupta lashes out at 'Talaash' director", "text": "Sanjay Gupta lashes out at the Talaash director accusing her of settling old personal scores since she now has Aamir Khan by her sideSanjay Gupta, during a film award ceremony had voiced his concern about Reema Kagti getting an award for the story of Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara (ZNMD) because he found it an exact copy of the Kevin Costner film Fandango (1985).Kagti, now ready with her next directorial Talaash, settled the score in a recent interview by saying, \"I think a person like Sanjay, who does not have a single original frame in his seven films, should not be talking about originality.\"A few hours after Kagti's interview to a newspaper reached him, Sanjay hit out at her saying his name was used for publicity. \"She has shamelessly used my name to peddle her film. She has called me a plagiarist but I would advise everybody to get a DVD of Fandango. After watching that you will know if ZNMD was a copy. I genuinely raised my concern as a jury member and in the end nobody got the award,\" said Sanjay to TOI.The filmmaker posted a series of tweets that suggested Reema lobbies for awards. \"I have posted those tweets and I am man enough to admit it. I'm hurt by the way she has chosen to selectively target me because she feels I denied her an award. The truth is she never deserved it. Because she was so hungry for an award, she carefully chose to keep quiet about the issue then. Now that she has Aamir Khan to back her up, she is settling personal scores. This is not only unprofessional but a blatant personal attack,\" said Sanjay.Incidentally, Aamir isn't too pleased with Gupta and Kagti's virtual pow-wow either. According to sources, he has swung into action to contain the damage that has been created. \"Aamir has asked Reema to keep quiet about the entire fiasco and not carry it forward in any way. He doesn't want this to become a full blown controversy. He has asked Reema to calm down and not make any more comments. The comments in the interview were made without Aamir's knowledge,\" said a source from the actor's production house.On the other hand, Sanjay is ready to take the debate forward. \"If she has the guts she should face me at a public platform. I am man enough to admit other films have inspired me. Why is she shying away from the fact that she too copied from films? I am sure everybody in the film industry is watching what she is doing,\" Sanjay added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17301850", "title": "Court denies bail to ex-minister", "text": "LUCKNOW: The sessions judge KK Sharma on Tuesday rejected bail pleas of former UP minister Badshah Singh and another key accused in connection with LACCFED scam. The court said there was ample evidence against them and the matter was of serious concern.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "17302066", "title": "Class IX girl commits suicide in Sirsa", "text": "SIRSA: A 14-year-old Class IX student of Government Girls Senior Secondary School hanged herself at her house on Monday night. Cops took custody of the body and the victim was identified as Nisha Rani. Her father Bhagwan Dass, a labourer by profession, said: \"My daughter was suffering from severe pain in the abdomen for almost a year. She could have committed suicide out of frustration.\"Girl's mother Veena Devi first spotted her body when she found her daughter hanging from the ceiling. The girl was rushed to the general hospital and the doctors there declared her brought dead.ASI Raj Kumar of sabzi mandi police post said, \"We have started proceedings under Section 174 of CrPC. Further action would be taken after autopsy report.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "17301682", "title": "343-passenger ship cruises into Mormugao port", "text": "VASCO: The first cruise ship this season carrying 343 passenger tourists from New Zealand, Australia, England and other countries and a 170-member crew, arrived at the Mormugao port on Tuesday afternoon.The length of the ship, 'Aegan Odyssey', is 115m with a speed of 16 knots. The cruise ship is expected to sail Colombo via Kochi. MPT chairman P Mara Pandiyan welcomed the passengers. The tourism department displayed handicrafts at a few stalls and traditional folk dances were performed. A sightseeing tour was also arranged.Around 15 cruise ships are expected to touch Mormugao port by March 2013. MPT is expecting 'Clipper Odyssey' and 'Aida Diva' on Thursday and Friday respectively, carrying 1,874 tourists. The 'Aegan Odyssey' left the port on Tuesday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17300958", "title": "'Cop reached in 7-8 minutes, didn\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t speak to anybody'", "text": "NEW DELHI: Initial investigations show that Ponty Chadha's men were perhaps dispossessing his brother Hardeep's employees on Saturday when a police officer went to the Chhattarpur farmhouse around 12.30pm after receiving a PCR van call about a brawl around 11.50am but \"did not find anything disturbing there and returned\".Though the officer reached the farmhouse within seven-eight minutes, as claimed by joint commissioner of police (southwest) Vivek Gogia on Tuesday, he failed to verify about the brawl. Cops have not been able to explain why the officer had returned so quickly without speaking to people present there. Ponty Chadha's armed men were perhaps present there from 10am. Minutes later, around 12.30pm, Hardeep allegedly reached the farmhouse from Noida with his men and fired at Ponty close to the gate.Gogia on Tuesday acknowledged that between 11 and 11.30am, the gunshots were fired, workers were thrashed and evicted, their mobile phones were snatched and one of them was even abducted by Ponty's men at two farmhouses \u00e2\u20ac\u201d 42 Central Drive at Chhattarpur and G-19 at Bijwasan \u00e2\u20ac\u201d on Saturday. He said there was firing in air at 42, Central Drive, by Ponty's men between 11 to 11.30 am. The Mandi police post is few hundred metres away from the Central Drive farmhouse.There was a gap of 40 minutes between the initial and the fatal firings and there was a police call as well in between, but Delhi Police claims that it did not find anything amiss. Gogia skirted the question on whether a proper response to the first call could have averted the murders. He said the PCR van had reported back that it was a call about a scuffle and did not mention any firing. The officer also refrained from commenting on a question about the number of bullets fired and the number of people present at 42, Central Drive, during the incident.Gogia had claimed on Monday that tension was brewing between Ponty and Hardeep for a couple of days before their killing and community elders and family members were trying to sort out the issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17302334", "title": "Load men fleece customers", "text": "MADURAI: Reports of load men fleecing customers at the Madurai Junction railway station are pouring in lately with the public complaining that these men are charging more than double the stipulated amount for transportation of two-wheelers to various destinations.While the railway department has fixed Rs 210 to transport a two-wheeler from Madurai to Chennai by Vaigai Express and Rs 600 for the same destination in Pandian Express, the load men instead act as middleman and collect Rs 700 for Vaigai Express and Rs 1,200 for Pandian Express, respectively from the public.Rajavel, a customer said, \"I questioned the load men with regard to the exorbitant charges. They told me that the charge is collected for packing and loading the vehicle in the train.\"All that is required to pack the two-wheeler are some bits of gunny bags and pieces of rope, said Rajavel. When he told the load men that he would himself pack the two-wheeler, they had told him that it was not the practice at the station.Manickam, another customer, who transported his two-wheeler from Sengottai to Madurai Junction, said that transportation charges he paid to the railway department was only Rs 115, whereas he spent Rs 300 for the load men for packing and loading in Sengottai railway station and delivery at the Madurai station, he said.One has to spend an additional Rs 30 to the railway police personnel at the exit gate of the parcel office after the delivery. The practice of paying both the load man and the railway police has become an unwritten law at the junction, Manickam charged.Sources from Dakshin Railway Employees Union (DREU) said that it is an effect of the contract system of loading and unloading the parcels. The parcels were handled by the railway porters until 10 years back before the contract system was not introduced. There were around 40 porters working in the parcel section. Now, there are only five people and they cannot handle all the parcels.About 15 two-wheelers are transported from Madurai to other destinations while 15 such vehicles from various other destinations reach Madurai Junction. All the customers undergo the same problem. Even the higher officials are helpless in the issue, sources said.When contacted, A K Rastogi, divisional railway manager, said customers should not encourage such touts. \"Customers should approach the right person at the parcel office. If there is any discrepancy in charging money, he can be contacted for complaints,\" Rastogi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17301187", "title": "ATM card in pocket, 2 kids found murdered", "text": "MUMBAI: The bodies of two minor children were found abandoned near the Kasara ghat on the Mumbai- Nashik highway on Tuesday morning. The Thane rural police suspect that Janvi Shah, 12, and her brother Parag, 10, were murdered. Their father Nitin is missing and police are searching for him. The family resides in Panvel, about 80 kms from where the bodies were discovered on Tuesday at around 8.30 am. A passerby Ajay Malavkar noticed the bodies and immediately informed Kasara police.Police said they found an ATM card from pocket of one of deceased. There were injury marks on necks of both the children, which may point at strangulation. Police later registered a murder case against unknown person and sent the bodies for post mortem to the Civil hospital in Thane.The case was handed over to Deputy Superintendent of Police Prakash Wagunde.\"The recovery of the ATM card led us to the bank from where we procured the address of the victim in Panvel\" said police sources.A police team visited the house where they found the mother Sonam and took her to the hospital where she identified her kids.Sonam told the police that she just knew that both the children had gone to visit a relative with her husband and hadn't returned home.Police said she has not been able to give enough details. Police also found that her husband Nitin works as salesman and cashier at Garment shop in Panvel. He did not report to work on Tuesday.The police also found that victim's father had not filed any missing complaint at the local police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17305982", "title": "Dancing helps to overcome low spirits, stress", "text": "Dancing helps girls overcome low spirits, stress , fatigues and headaches, besides contributing to their mental health and self esteem, says a study.According to the study, dancing also brings greater poise and capacity to deal with daily problems.Anna Duberg, physical therapist at Orebro University Hospital and a doctoral candidate at Orebro University, Sweden, conducted the study.The study included 112 Swedish girls aged between 13 to 19 years. On multiple occasions, these girls had gone to see the school nurse for symptoms such as anxiety and depression , fatigue, headaches, and back, neck, and shoulder pain, according to an Orebro statement.In the study, 59 of the girls were randomized to a group that regularly danced together two days a week and 53 girls to a control group where the girls did not change their living habits.The results indicated that the girls in the dance group, despite all the challenges entailed by being a teenage girl, increased their self-esteem compared with the control group.The positive effect persisted at follow-ups four and eight months after the dance training ended. Ninety one percent of the girls in the dance group felt that the dance study had been a positive experience.In the long run this may also lead to a more healthy lifestyle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17303266", "title": "Minor boy sets six huts on fire, held", "text": "COIMBATORE: Irked after his neighbours complained about his behaviour to his father, a 15-year-old boy took revenge by setting six huts on fire on three consecutive days in Annur. He was arrested by the police on Monday.According to police, the minor boy, a resident of Gandhinagar in Salaiyur near Annur, was mischievous and always fought with other boys who played with him. He used to beat them up often. The minor boy's father Uthaman, a daily wage labourer, was upset as parents of other children complained to him about his son's behaviour. On November 13, Uthaman beat his son severely. Frustrated, the boy decided to take revenge on his neighbours. On the nights of November 14, 15 and 16, they boy set six huts in the locality on fire, police said.To avoid being caught, he immediately alerted the residents and joined with them to douse the fire. The residents were clueless about the incident and lodged a complaint with the Annur police.Meanwhile, residents in the locality started night patrolling in the area to find out the culprit. The minor boy also joined with them during the night patrols.\"The boy had alerted the neighbours after all the fire incidents. We suspected him and conducted an inquiry with him after which he confessed to the crime,\" said VSS Ananda Arokiyaraj, inspector, Annur police station.He told police that the residents of the area had used him as errand on many a times. But he was peeved at after they complained to his father about him, the inspector said. He has been lodged at observation home for juveniles at Lakshmi Mill Junction in the city.A 15-year-old boy was arrested on Monday for setting fire to huts at Annur in the district.The minor boy, a resident of Gandhinagar in Salaiyur near Annur, had set fire to more six huts one by one over on November 14,15 and 16 to revenge his neighbours, who complained bad on him to his father.Police said the boy had spent his time to playing with other children in the area. He did not go to school. He used to beat other children while he was playing with them. The victim children used to complaint to their parents against the minor boy.The parents of the children approached the minor boy's father Uthaman, a daily wage labourer and complained about his son's activities. The minor boy was severely beaten up by his father Uthaman for misbehaving with other children.Frustrated minor boy decided to take revenge and set fire on six huts using matchbox during night time in his neighbourhood. Immediately, he alerted the residents and joined with them to douse the fire. The residents were clueless about the incident and lodged a complaint with Annur police.Meanwhile, the residents started night patrolling in the area to find out the culprit who set fire on the huts. The minor boy also joined along with the residents and they did not suspect on him.\"The boy alerted the neighbours after all the fire incidents happened. We suspected him and conducted inquiry with him who confessed the offence,\" said VSS Ananda Arokiyaraj, inspector, Annur police station.He told police that the residents of the area usually asked him to do all their house works and lodged complaint against him with his father. So, he got angry and took revenge. He has been lodged in Observation Home for juveniles at Lakshmi Mill Junction in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17300910", "title": "Waiter attacks hotel manager", "text": "MUMBAI: The police on Tuesday arrested a waiter of a Matunga hotel for allegedly attacking his manager with a knife.The hotel manager was taken to a hospital and is out of danger. According to the police, the accused, Chinna Keshav (29), a Kerala native, was suffering from a spinal cord ailment. He wanted leave to go to his native place for treatment.However, the victim, Rohit Gala (41), refused to grant leave, saying that treatment could be taken in Mumbai too. An angry Keshav turned up outside Gala's house on Tuesday and stabbed him in the chest with a knife.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17306050", "title": "Kristen Stewart keen to work with Hrithik Roshan", "text": "Hollywood actress Kristen Stewart has expressed a desire to work in a Bollywood film with Hrithik Roshan.\"If someone offers me a good script, I would love to work in a Bollywood film. I would love to work with Hrithik Roshan. He is such a wonderful actor and so good-looking,\" Stewart said in a statement here.\"In fact, if I have a boy, I would want him to look like Hrithik Roshan , but with Rob's (her real-life boyfriend and on-screen husband) eyes,\" she said.There was a buzz in B-town some two years back that filmmaker Shekhar Kapur wanted to cast 'Twilight' in his ambitious project 'Paani' opposite Hrithik.Kristen, who shot to fame playing Bella Swan in Twilight and its sequel 'The Twilight Saga: New Moon' , ' The Twilight Saga: Eclipse', 'The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn - Part 1' is looking forward to the release of 'The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn - Part 2'.\"Bella as a character has received a lot of criticism for being a throwback heroine, because she sacrifices so much for her man. I strongly disagree. In fact, you have someone who is stronger than the guy she is with, emotionally,\" she said.On playing an 18-year-old mother to a six-year-old child in 'The Twilight Saga', she said, \"That is something I'm going to miss the most. I did not realise I had such a strong maternal instinct until I played mother to Mackenzie (Renesme). It was surreal.\"Ask her when she realised that 'Twilight' series has changed her life, Kristen says, \" 'Twilight' changed my daily life instantly. I was no one (before the film released). I was a kid. I had just turned 18. The day the movie came out in the tabloids, the next day there were images of me.\"Directed by Bill Condon 'Breaking Dawn 2' stars Kristen Stewart, Robert Pattinson and Taylor Lautner in the lead roles. The film releases on November 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17302439", "title": "How Wipro rose to become world's No. 1 environment-friendly electronics company", "text": "BANGALORE: Just seven years ago, Greenpeace activists protested outside Wipro's Sarjapur Road campus for the company's use of hazardous substances in its hardware products and the absence of a take-back policy. This week, the environment activist group released a report that ranked Wipro No. 1 -- above HP, Apple and Dell -- in a list of the greenest electronics companies in the world.Greenpeace's Guide to Greener Electronics is into its 18th edition and benchmarks the best practices of electronics companies on three parameters - energy, climate products and sustainable operations. Wipro has an overall score of 7.1 on a scale of 10, the highest among the 16 companies surveyed. HP dropped from the top spot in last year's edition to second this year. Nokia moved up from No. 4 to No. 3, and Apple dropped from 5 to 6. HCL Infosystems is the only other Indian company on the list, and shares the 13th position with Japanese electronics maker Sharp.Raghavendra Prakash S, head of Wipro's systems &amp; technology business, said the company had defined quantifiable metrics to ensure that its products were environment-friendly.Wipro won points for its commitment to reduce its greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions by 44% by 2015. The company outperformed its 2010 target of 9% reduction in GHG, and achieved 11%.About 85% of emission reduction is planned to be achieved through use of renewable energy. The company increased its renewable energy target from 5 million units in 2010-11 to 56.6 million units in 2011-12 through a combination of renewable energy purchases and its own generation, accounting for 17% of total office energy consumption.The company has put in place systems for the traceability of components and products for desktops, laptops and notebooks by assigning them with barcodes and serial numbers. \"The database helps us to track the life of a product. This also enables us to implement an effective take-back policy,\" Prakash said. A policy to take back products from customers once they are keen to dispose of them enables proper recycling of products.The company provides take-back service to its customers through collection centres across the country. \"We collected 49 tonnes of waste in 2008; that rose to 230 tonnes last year,\" Prakash said.Today, 80% of Wipro's IT products are free of polyvinyl chloride plastic (PVC) and brominated flame retardants. Phasing out of products that have PVC and brominated flame retardants has been a major Greenpeace demand. PVC is found is a range of consumer products from cables to credit cards and window blinds, and ends up in landfills. \"We launched a protest asking Wipro to clear up products containing PVC as it produces one of the most harmful chemicals, including dioxin. These products can leak harmful additives during use and when they are burned,\" said Abhishek Pratap, senior campaigner in Greenpeace India.All of Wipro's products are compliant with Energy Star (ES) requirements, and 52% of them exceed ES 5 standards. Energy Star is a US government initiative to improve the energy efficiency of products.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "17305130", "title": "Wisconsin gurdwara shooter acted alone: FBI", "text": "NEW YORK: The FBI has said it has concluded its probe into the August shooting incident at a gurdwara in Wisconsin, and found there is no evidence that the attack was part of any ongoing threat to the Sikh community.\"There is no evidence to suggest the attack was part of any ongoing threat to the Sikh community,\" Special Agent in Charge of FBI's Milwaukee Division Teresa Carlson said while announcing conclusion of the investigation yesterday.The probe indicated that gunman Wade Michael Page, a white supremacist, acted alone and was not assisted by anyone in committing the violent crime.Carlson added that no evidence was found to conclude that the attack was directed or facilitated by any white supremacist group.\"We join the Sikh community in grieving the loss of their loved ones. We continue to work with temple leaders and all of our law enforcement partners in an effort to keep the community safe,\" he said.The FBI had briefed the victims and family members of the deceased on the results of the investigation last week at the FBI Milwaukee Division.During the course of the investigation, the bureau generated 200 investigative leads, conducted 300 interviews and collected more than 200 pieces of evidence, with 30 agencies, including 27 local, one state and two federal responding to the incident.On the morning of August 5, Page had gone on a shooting spree at the gurdwara during Sunday morning prayers, killing six Sikh worshippers and critically injuring four others.Page also opened fire on two Oak Creek police officers, seriously wounding one, before being shot by another officer.The incident had sent shock waves among the large Indian community in the US, with President Barack Obama expressing condolences to the victims and their families.First Lady Michelle Obama had visited the gurdwara and met with members of the community to express concern over the shootout and convey her solidarity to the families.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17301099", "title": "Jolt for Kingfisher over payment to staff", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "karnal", "code": "17302081", "title": "Agriculture inspector held for rape", "text": "KARNAL: District police on Tuesday arrested agriculture inspector Hari Singh for raping a 55-year-old daily wager in his office on the station complex. The accused is posted in Uchani regional research station of Chaudhary Charan Singh Haryana Agricultural University, Hisar. The woman was working as a domestic help at his place for the past two years.A father of five, Hari Singh, 50, was arrested after a medical examination was conducted on him. He has been booked under sections 376 (rape) and 506 (criminal intimidation) of the IPC. The woman's medical report is awaited.According to Karnal SP Shashank Anand, a complaint was filed by the woman's daughter who alleged that the accused called her mother on November 18 and committed the crime. The woman reportedly narrated the incident to her daughter on returning home who informed the police, SP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17305422", "title": "Ajmal Kasab hanged and buried in Pune's Yerwada Jail", "text": "PUNE: After nearly four years, Ajmal Kasab , the sole surviving Pakistani gunman involved in the Mumbai attacks, was hanged to death at the Yerawada central prison here this morning in a top-secret operation.Kasab was buried inside the premises of Pune's Yerawada Central Jail shortly after he was hanged, Maharashtra chief minister Prithviraj Chavan said.\"Ajmal Kasab was hanged at 7.30am,\" Maharashtra home minister R R Patil said in Mumbai shortly after the hanging. Pakistan government was kept informed about the execution.The execution in the Mumbai attack trial brought closure to many in the audacious strike by 10 terrorists of Pakistan-based terror outfit Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) in which 166 people were killed. Nine LeT men were killed during the 60-hour siege which began on the night of November 26, 2008.The prison authorities remained tight-lipped about the details of hanging performed in a well-guarded secret operation amid reports that Kasab did not have any death wish.Kasab was executed after he exhausted all legal remedies available to escape the noose with President Pranab Mukherjee rejecting his mercy plea following the advice of the Union home ministry.Inspector general of Prisons (Maharashtra) Meeran Borwankar refused to respond media queries on the execution of Kasab.There was, however, no official word or briefing by the jail authorities on the last rites of the hanged convict.Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde said Pakistan was informed about the execution of Kasab.\"With the execution of Kasab, we have completed the judicial procedure of 26/11 case.\" Shinde said in Delhi.The Indian High Commission in Islamabad informed Pakistan government about Kasab's hanging through letter, he said, adding Pakistan refused to take the letter, which was then sent through fax.External affairs minister Salman Khurshid said the obligation of keeping Pakistan informed about the hanging was fulfilled.Special Public Prosecutor Ujjwal Nikam, who appeared for police in the case said the hanging is a \"victory\" for the country.\"Due process of law has been followed,\" Patil said, adding that hanging was carried out after President Mukherjee rejected Kasab's mercy petition on November 8. He said Kasab did not have any death wish.\"This is a true homage to the innocent victims, including policemen and security personnel, who laid down their lives,\" he said.\"Attack on Mumbai was an attack on the entire country,\" Patil said.\"I do not think there will be any trouble (if Kasab is buried in India) because India has suffered too much and everyone.... and this country has seen the tragedy. 166 people were killed after there days fight against humanity,\" he said.Khurshid said India did not get any request from Pakistan for handing over the body of Kasab.Nikam said by hanging Kasab the country has paid homage to all those policemen and innocent persons who lost their lives.\"By Kasab's conviction and death penalty, we have proved how the entire conspiracy was hatched in Pakistan. We have set an example that India will not tolerate such attacks and the accused will be brought to justice,\" Nikam told reporters in Mumbai.Nikam appeared for the prosecution in the sessions court and High Court and assisted senior counsel Gopal Subramanium in the apex court.A group of Shiv Sena workers raised slogans 'Vande Mataram' slogans outside the Yerawada jail hailing the hanging of Kasab and demanded that simialr justice be meted out to Parliament attack case death row convict Afzal Guru .Kasab had been lodged in the Arthur Jail Road in Mumbai ever since he was arrested immediately after the attack in 2008. He was convicted and given capital punishment by the trial court on May 6, 2010 which was upheld by the Bombay High Court on February 21, 2011.The Supreme Court subsequently upheld the sentence on August 29 this year.Kasab and the other gunmen entered Mumbai by boat on November 26, 2008. Carrying mobile phones, hand grenades and automatic weapons, they fanned out across Mumbai targeting luxury hotels Taj Mahal and Oberoi Trident, a Jewish centre Chabad House and the city's main train station Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus(CST). ( With inputs from PTI )", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17302621", "title": "Chill evades days", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The winter season has already set in, but has failed to make people shiver, especially during the daytime. However, Chandigarh Meteorological Centre data shows that this year's temperature is lower than the last two years'.From November 15 to 20, 2010 had recorded the maximum temperature between 26 degrees celsius and 29.1 degrees C; 2011 between 26 degrees C and 28.6 degrees C and 2012 from 25.7 degrees C to 28.1 degrees C. And the minimum temperature during the period hovered around 12 degrees celsius to 16.6 degree C in 2010; 10.6 degrees C to 13.8 degrees C in 2011 and 10.2 degrees C to 11.2 degrees C in 2012.Residents, however, say it is only the mornings and evenings that remind them of winter, as days continue to remain bright and warm. Soumya Singh, a resident of Sector 41, says, \"Last year around this time, I had started wearing woolens during the daytime. But this year, the bright Sun hardly makes you feel cold.\"\"You can feel the chill only in mornings and evenings, as days are quite warm,\" says Abhay Longia, a resident of Sector 23. Some say weather conditions are changing every year. \"Earlier, it used to get cold in October. But nowadays, it is hardly the case,\" says Kuldeep Shah of Sector 34.Officials at the met department say, \"Weather changes are the result of western disturbances. These are, however, not very unusual. The days are warm, as it has been a dry winter, with the sun shinning brightly. But, the temperature is lower than the last year. It will get colder if it rains like last year.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17301889", "title": "Ports dept chants safety mantra", "text": "KOCHI: To ensure that boats operating in city waters use their own safety equipment, the department of ports is planning to make it mandatory for all boats to give details of life jackets and life buoys.The department has decided to act tough as many private boat operators are borrowing life jackets, which are mandatory, when they bring boats for inspection.Boats will have to provide life jackets for all passengers apart from deploying life buoys. Life jackets approved by the Mercantile Marine Department (MMD) costs over Rs 1,000, according to port officials.Over 400 boats, including tourist and passenger boats, operate in city waters.\"If the name and details of boats are printed on life jackets, it will become difficult to loan them to others during inspection,\" said K R Vinothu, chief surveyor, department of ports. He added that the department was now in the process of making it mandatory for boats operating in Alappuzha.However, private tourist boat operators claimed that all boats operating in the backwaters have enough life jackets for passengers.\"All tourist boats operating here have life jackets for specified passenger capacity. We have been providing them and compelling tourists to wear them. But many of them refuse to use them saying that they have been worn by others. It is not practical to provide new life jackets each time to passengers as they cost over Rs 1,000 a piece,\" said, Dharmajan K V, joint secretary, Private Tourist Boats' Association.Meanwhile, a chief surveyor and a surveyor recently joined the ports department, which was facing staff shortage. This would help the department to strictly enforce safety equipment rules in boats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17303261", "title": "Narendra Hirwani backs MS Dhoni's spin call", "text": "JAIPUR:After winning the first Test in Ahmedabad on Monday, captain MS Dhoni said he wanted absolute turners - where the ball would turn from Day One - for the remaining three Tests in the series. His comments have generated controversy but he at least has one strong backer in former India spinner and selector Narendra Hirwani.Justifying Dhoni's call for rank turners, Hirwani said, \"During the England tour, we were offered green tops, and now that they are here, we should plan according to our strengths. Spin is our strength, and we should use it to the fullest.\"Hirwani, in fact, wants India to bring in Harbhajan Singh too, apart from Pragyan Ojha and Ravichandran Ashwin , and play with three spinners.The former national selector feels MS Dhoni should bring in the offie as the third spinner and put more pressure on a struggling England. \"England are under pressure, and it's time to go for the kill. Dhoni must bring in Harbhajan in Mumbai,\" Hirwani told TOI.Hirwani feels that the inclusion of Harbhajan will push England to the wall. \"On a spinning track, there's no point fielding too many seamers. And if Harbhajan is included in the side, it will give India more options,\" Hirwani said. \"It will also develop a healthy competition in the team, which is essential.\"The former cricketer, however, feels that it was lack of confidence that cost England dear. \"English batsmen were afraid of Indian spinners, and that's how they lost the battle quite early. They were too cautious initially and that hurt them,\" he said. \"But now that Cook has settled down a bit, they will try to put up a better show in Mumbai.\"Hirwani also feels that Ashwin's below-par performance in the second innings would motivate him. \"It's a blessing in disguise for Ashwin. Now that he has not done that well in the second innings, he will be hungry for wickets,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "valsad", "code": "17304976", "title": "Several wannabe netas left out of voters' list", "text": "VALSAD: Manoj Dhody, a young tribal who recently completed his postgraduate studies, is keen to contest the upcoming assembly elections from Umbergaon seat in Valsad district. His name was included in the voters' list after he registered during the continuous correction programme initiated by the state election commission to revise the electoral rolls.However, his fate hangs in balance as the election commission is yet to publish the revised official voters' list. The list is not out despite the EC issuing the notification for the first phase of polls scheduled December 13.\"What proof do I have that I am a registered voter? I cannot file my candidature till the returning officer does finds my name in the voters' list,\" said Dhody, who wants to contest as an independent candidate.The EC published the last official voters' list on August 31 and later took up the revision of electoral rolls which continued till November 16 the date when the notification was issued. The last date for filing nominations is November 24.Once the list is published, it is sent to respective district election officers for stamping.As per the list published on August 31, there were 10,39,005 voters registered in five constituencies of Valsad. After revision, nearly 25,000 more were added.Narendra Patel, who belongs to other backward classes (OBC) also wants to contest from Valsad seat as an independent candidate. \"I went to the Valsad assistant returning officer's office twice. But the list with my registered name as a voter is still to be received,\" said Patel.\"We have uploaded the data received from various returning officers on the evening of November 16. The data was to be then converted into a prescribed format, which took two more days and now it is in the process of printing with an agency fixed by the state EC,\" said JB Solanki, deputy collector (election department), Valsad.A top state election commission official confirmed to TOI that several districts across Gujarat are facing the problem as the returning officers have not yet received the revised final list of voters in their respective areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17302009", "title": "TDP MLA denies plan to join YSR Congress", "text": "HYDERABAD: An emotional Payyavula Keshav, Telugu Desam Party (TDP) legislator from Uravakonda in Anantapur, denied on Tuesday that he was deserting the party for the YSR Congress.Addressing a press conference here, Keshav broke down while explaining that the media reports that he was joining the YSR Congress was false. \"The YSR Congress is playing a mind game. It is the TDP that made me what I am today. I have worked hard to come up and build my image in the TDP. In just one day, they have tarnished my reputation which I have built over the years\" he said.The TDP MLA challenged the YSR Congress leaders to take an oath in front of Lord Ganesha of Kanipakam temple in Chittoor district and swear that they were not spreading rumours about him.On Monday, two suspended TDP MLAs, T Amarnath Reddy and Praveen Kumar Reddy, who joined hands with Jaganmohan Reddy, said that Keshav and a few other TDP leaders were likely to join YSR Congress.Reacting to the statement, Keshav held a press conference on Tuesday to dismiss the rumours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17300922", "title": "Supreme Court calls for a relook at norms on death penalty", "text": "NEW DELHI: More than 32 years after it devised the \"rarest of rare\" criterion to restrict imposition of death penalty to exceptionally heinous and cold-blooded murder cases, the Supreme Court on Tuesday said the standard was being applied differently by different judges and needed to be looked at afresh.Referring to the landmark Bachan Singh case in 1980 when the \"rarest of rare\" category was devised and the subsequent important decisions on death sentence, a bench of Justices K S Radhakrishnan and Madan B Lokur said there was \"little or no uniformity in the application\" of this principle. In fact, the bench seemed to even concede that categorizing crimes -- the basis for ranking them and assessing which all meet the \"rarest of rare\" standard -- might be difficult. In short, the court suggested that the present system was not working.\"In the sentencing process, both the crime and criminal are equally important. We have, unfortunately, not taken the sentencing process as seriously as it should be with the result that in capital offences, it has become judge-centric sentencing rather than principled sentencing,\" Justice Lokur, who authored the judgment for the bench, said.Importantly, the bench barred governments from granting mass remission of sentence to convicts for their release on Independence Day, Republic Day or birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi: a power which governments have often used in controversial ways.The court had in 1980 classified the nature of cases to carve out the \"rarest of rare\" category, while identifying mitigating circumstances which it held should enable a judge to consider awarding life sentence even in convictions warranting imposition of death penalty.Justices Radhakrishnan and Lokur on Tuesday said the mitigating circumstances enumerated in the Bachan Singh judgment, which gave discretion to a judge to commute death sentence to life term, had not been uniformly applied through the years.They said, \"The constitution bench of this court has not encouraged standardization and categorization of crimes and even otherwise, it is not possible to standardize and categorize all crimes.\"The bench made the observation while commuting to life imprisonment the death sentence awarded by trial court and the high court to two persons for wiping out an entire family in Haryana. Other accused in the case were awarded life imprisonment.While deciding the fate of the duo on death row, the bench moved on to explore the application of \"rarest of rare\" criterion.Justice Lokur said, \"It does appear that in view of the inherent multitude of possibilities, the aggravating and mitigating circumstances approach has not been effectively implemented. Therefore, in our respectful opinion, not only does the aggravating and mitigating circumstances approach needs a fresh look but the necessity of adopting this approach also needs a fresh look in the light of conclusions in Bachan Singh.\"It said despite the Bachan Singh judgment reiterating the aggravating and mitigating circumstances requiring imposition of life sentence, the courts have continued to focus only on the severity of the crime and ignored the circumstances that needed to be looked into before balancing the punishment with the crime.The court also noticed that there had been arbitrary exercise of remission powers by governments, ignoring procedural and substantive statutory checks, which needed to be faithfully enforced. It mandated the governments to take the opinion of the concerned judge before granting remission of sentence and release of a convict from prison.The court also put a full stop on the en-mass release of convicts by granting remission of sentence on the eve of important days. It said, \"Before actually exercising the power of remission under Section 432 of the Criminal Procedure Code, the appropriate government must obtain the opinion (with reasons) of the presiding judge of the convicting or confirming court. Remissions can, therefore, be given only on a case-by-case basis and not on a wholesale basis.Times ViewThis newspaper has consistently held that the death penalty is not something modern, humane societies should normally have on their statute books. To that extent, if there is forward movement in the direction of doing away with capital punishment we are very much for the idea. However, as we have said in the past, an exception needs to be made for terror crimes. Much as we dislike the idea of the death penalty, we strongly feel it must be retained for this specific variety of crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17306019", "title": "Bollywood rejoices on Kasab's execution", "text": "Bollywood seems to be exulted over the news of Ajmal Aamir Kasab's execution that took place in Pune's Yerwada central prison on Wednesday morning. No sooner did the news break, that Kasab was hanged and buried in Pune, Bollywood celebrities took to twitter to express their rejoice.Ajmal Kasab was the sole surviving terrorist involved in Mumbai's 26/11 attack. After President of India, Pranab Mukherjee rejected his mercy petition, he was exeuted in Pune on Wednesday morning. Here's what B'town tweeted:Riteish Dehmukh: congratulations govt of India - for doing it so effectively. For once the govt broke the news n not the news channelsAnupam Kher: Justice may not replace the feeling of loss but it gives strength &amp; hope to continue life with renewed belief in system we live in.Abhishek Bachchan: Man who should be honoured today: the one who captured Kasab: Asst Sub Inspector Tukaram Omble.Kamal Rashid Khan: First time ever advisors of congress have done brilliant job to advise to hang Kasab tday. Now cong. Has hijacked news of Balasahab Thakre.Ken Ghosh: Kasab is now facing the highest of all courts! Sentences meted out here are for all eternityCelina Jaitly: Entire Nation rejoices kasabs hanging. Law of the Land Prevailed. Well done govt. Of india ..how ever the source of the ideology of the fanatics who turn young men into terrorists is still alive..Sherlyn Chopra: Kasab hanged after the President of India rejected his mercy plea!\"Rohit roy: Kasab might hv died on Dengue....Govt claiming he is hanged.\" No wayyyy! Are u serious???Siddharth: The death penalty scares me no end...having said that, Ajmal Kasab needed to die. He's going to realize that the whole heaven thing...was a lie.Shreya Ghoshal: Kasab, the lone surviving 26/11 terrorist, hanged at 7.30AM at Yervada Jail in Pune: Senior state government official.\" Finally!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17300856", "title": "Now, pay more for fleet cab rides", "text": "MUMBAI: You will now pay more for fleet cabs as a significant number of them have got their e-meters recalibrated as per the revised tariff rates.While the old rates for fleet taxis is minimum Rs 24 (for the first km) and Rs 17 for every subsequent km, the new rates are Rs 27 for the first km and Rs 20 for every subsequent km.Fleet taxis like Meru and TabCabs have been offering rides at old fares despite the new fares coming into effect (government notification) more than two weeks ago. This is because the operators have decided to charge the new fares only after the e-meters are recalibrated.TOI has learnt that TabCab, which owns a fleet of 1,600 taxis has got e-meters recalibrated in nearly 500 cabs. And Meru, which has a fleet of more of than 2,000, has recalibrated meters in only 50 to 100 taxis, a company official said. This means that if you happen to take a ride in these cabs, you will have to pay the revised fares. But if you are lucky to board a fleet taxi whose meter has not been recalibrated, you will save money and continue to travel by the old fares.Said a RTO official, \"We have permitted all fleet taxi operators to charge the new fares with effect from November 5. However, they have taken a decision not to do so unless meters were recalibrated.\"He said that calculating the new fare was easy. Just note the distance travelled and multiply it by 20. Add Rs 7 to this figure and that's the final fare.Sources said that fleet cabs are allotted randomly by the call centre and depending on the e-meter fitted in the cab, you will have to pay the fare. \"It is simple. Whatever is shown on the meter has to be paid by the passenger,'' a TabCab official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17302348", "title": "4,000 health inspector posts lying vacant", "text": "MADURAI: Even as the state is grappling to tackle dengue outbreak, a whopping 4,000 posts of health inspectors, almost half of the total sanctioned strength remains unfilled.The existing health inspectors are hard pressed for time and are forced to cater to a much larger population and geographical area due to the vacancies in the posts.Irked by the lack of efforts to fill the vacant posts, members of the Confederation of Tamil Nadu Health Inspectors' Associations staged a protest in front of the office of the deputy director of health services in all the districts in the state, on Monday.R Rajendran, general secretary, Tamil Nadu Sanitary Inspectors' Welfare Association said that the vacancies have not been filled up for the last six years, due to which the workload of the health inspectors has increased manifold.Initially, the role of each health inspector was meant to cover the population of 5,000 people. Since the positions were not filled for the past six years now, each health inspector needs to cover at least 15,000 people. Health inspectors need to carry out various works including water chlorination in each village, quality of food materials sold in shops and blood smear collection, he said.The increase in the workload has reduced the efficiency of the health inspectors and put the people at the risk of vector and water-borne diseases. \"We need to cover at least 20 villages. It takes 20 days to cover all the 20 villages thoroughly. Before we could complete a cycle, diseases break out in the villages and develop into an epidemic,\" Rajendran said.\"Moreover, there no field workers are posted under the health inspectors. We can't visit houses door-to-door and clear the water stagnation. We can only supervise the works,\" he said.Health officials who visit the disease-infected areas suspend the health inspectors without knowing the basic problem of man power shortage, he added.Ironically, as many as 299 persons were trained by the government for the post of health inspectors but are yet to be posted. Instead of posting them, government is managing the situation with untrained daily wage health inspectors on temporary basis, Rajendran rued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17304233", "title": "Corporators create ruckus at municipal chief's house", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Two corporators of Allahabad Municipal Corporation created ruckus outside the residence of municipal commissioner R Vikram Singh on Tuesday. They tried to forcibly enter Singh's house to hand over a memorandum. They also raised slogans against the municipal commissioner. However, the police arrived at the spot and took them to the AMC office.Two corporators, Ramesh Mishra and Aquil-ur Rehman, had been sitting on a dharna near the municipal commissioner's chamber in protest against poor civic conditions in their respective wards.They went to the municipal commissioner's chamber to submit a memorandum but Singh was not present. They learnt that Singh was present in his house, located just a stone's throw distance from the Allahabad Municipal Corporation office.Later, ACM-II met the two corporators. He took the memorandum from them and assured to look into their complaints.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17301103", "title": "Freemasons remove shroud of secrecy", "text": "CHENNAI: \"No, we don't drink blood from skulls, chop heads, summon evil spirits or gyrate around fire sporting masks and hoods,\" says Balaram Biswakumar, 'Grand Master' of Freemasons India. After remaining shrouded in mystery for centuries, the sect is going all out to \"demystify\" itself.\"There have been various rumours surrounding our society. We've been given a demon-like image, some even identify us as 'thalaivetti sangam'. We want to break this misconception and spread awareness on the precepts of our society,\" says Biswakumar, a Chennai-based neurologist.Chennai, which has nearly 1,800 Freemason members, will host the XII World Conference of Masonic Grand Lodges on November 22 and 23, the second time international event is being held in the country after the 2001 event in Delhi. The are more than 18,000 members in the country.\"This time, to coincide with the completion of 50 years of its existence, the Grand Lodge of India will host Grand Masters from more than 35 Grand Lodges (masonic communities) across the world. The theme of the conference is 'The Role of Freemasonry in Universal Peacekeeping,\" said Biswakumar.Freemasonry, which originated in England, is concerned with propagating moral and spiritual values. Its members are taught its precepts by a series of rituals which follow ancient forms and customs and tools and allegorical guides. \"It basically seeks to make good men better, thereby making the world a better place,\" said B Kamakoti, Grand Secretary.On November 24, Mumbai-based chartered accountant Vasudev J Masurekar will be installed as the new Grand Master. \"We want the world to know we are normal people. Doctors, lawyers, bureaucrats and even political figures are part of the society,\" said Biswakumar. Freemasons made their advent in India under the British in 1729. The society is still averse to 'initiating' members indiscriminately. A Mason has to nominate another and the name is cleared after a vote. Prerequisites for a membership include an abiding belief in the Supreme Being and having brotherly love.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17302468", "title": "Calcutta University software to improve breast cancer detection", "text": "KOLKATA: Though it is known that breast cancer, if detected early, can be stalled or even cured, it remains the most widely undetected type of cancer, affecting one in every 22 adult women in India. The reason that most of these women finally die is either because the malignancy is not detected on time or because even after mammogram, doctors are often unable to identify the tumour from the digital image in front of them, due to lack of clarity.However, it seems that finally this problem will be solved because Calcutta University has designed a software that will be able to detect not only the slightest growths in the mammary glands, but also tumour-forming tendencies. The software, which has gone for patenting, has impressed the IT ministry, so much so that it is entering into a partnership with CU to produce the software in bulk and then distribute it among centre- and state-run hospitals across the country. Naturally, the computer science and engineering department on CU's Rajabazar campus is celebrating.The software, which has been christened Computer Aided Diagnostic System for Mammograms, will analyse mammograms and quantify malignancy, if at all. What is more, even if there is no growth or malignancy, the CAD system will be able to conclude if the breast is prone to developing tumours. The reason why a tumour is often missed by the medical specialist is because they get camouflaged in the surrounding fatty tissues. Most breast tumours are detected only after they are well into the third stage and hence almost beyond help.The software will aim at inspecting morphological and anatomical asymmetry, mass/volume detection and density detection. \"To put it simply, asymmetry between the two breasts is often indicative of tumours. When we receive such a mammogram, we convert it into a geometrical structure and then analyse every part of it by assigning values. We use the method to detect volume or mass and density, too. Since the results are applied on a graph, it is easy to calculate the results. These results will easily tell doctors of the slightest malignancy,\" said Indra Maitra, one of the investigators of the project.\"With the passage of time, the milk producing glands in breasts should get replaced with fat. In some cases, the fat formation is much less since the glands do not get replaced. It is then that glands can house tumours. The CAD we have developed will be able to detect even the slightest calcification, the root of a tumour,\" explained Samir Bandyopadhyay, principal investigator of the project, who is presently also the vice chancellor of West Bengal University of Technology.On November 2, the CU researchers presented their software to the ministry of IT in Delhi, where it got accepted. The ministry's own electronic equipment manufacturing company, CDAC, will develop the software on a mass scale and make it available to all government hospitals across the country.Doctors sounded happy at the development, especially because breast cancer is affecting a huge number of women these days. \"Though we are heavily dependent on mammograms for detection, it would certainly be helpful if we get a software that is able to objectively deal with the digital images,\" said senior gynaecologist, Subhas Mukherjee. Gauri Kumra agreed. \"Though we have made great strides in detecting growths in breasts, there is still a 20% chance of false positives and false negatives in conventional detection. We hope that the CAD system will be able to eliminate that,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17300979", "title": "Unauthorized colonies: Layout work in limbo", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two months after the Delhi government notified the list of unauthorized colonies for regularization, the three municipal agencies claim that the work on layouts is yet to begin. The Delhi government, officials say, is yet to fix the cut-off date based on which the layouts will be prepared.Though the list of unauthorized colonies \u00e2\u20ac\u201d which are to be regularized \u00e2\u20ac\u201d was prepared based on the aerial survey done in 2007, officials say that the layouts can't be made based on the survey. \"Most of the land that was vacant when the survey was done has been encroached upon. In the last five years, massive construction has happened in these colonies. So while preparing layouts, we have to ensure that there is space for a community centre, school and other civic facilities,'' said an official.The three institutions \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Indraprastha University, School of Planning and Architecture and Jamia Millia Islamia \u00e2\u20ac\u201d which have been roped in to prepare the layouts have informed the three corporations that work can't start till the cut-off date is decided. \"The institutions have identified four-five colonies under each corporation. But the work, says experts, can't start till cut-off date is decided. It has to be either February 2007 (when the MPD-2021 was implemented) or the date when the notification regarding regularization was issued,\" said an official.With assembly elections scheduled next year, the Congress-led Delhi government has passed on the responsibility to the corporations to prepare the layouts. \"The government has not released the funds for the preparation of layouts. We have placed a demand for Rs 55 crore for the preparation of layouts,'' said Subhash Arya, leader of the House, South corporation.According to officials, the South corporation \u00e2\u20ac\u201d that has maximum number of unauthorized colonies that are up for regularization \u00e2\u20ac\u201d has informed the urban development department regarding the issue raised by the institutions. If Feb 2007 is set as the base date, the layouts will not reflect the action position. If the government sets 2012 as the base date, there is a need to amend the 2008 DDA notification regarding the regularization. It will also require change in the MPD-2021. Despite many reminders, the government is yet to take a final decision, say officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17301860", "title": "SP leader Ramgopal Yadav equates Gadkari, Khurshid; says they should resign", "text": "NEW DELHI: Samajwadi Party leader Ramgopal Yadav said allegations against BJP chief Nitin Gadkari and external affairs minister Salman Khurshid were serious enough for them to quit on moral grounds, a surprising parity between the opposition and the ally that indicates the UP outfit does not want Congress to benefit from its \"secular\" compulsions ahead of the 2014 battle.With BJP freshly roiled by the insurrection against Gadkari, Yadav said the charges against him were similar to those against Khurshid, one dealing with fictitious companies and another with fake beneficiaries.\"If people in high offices have such allegations against them, like petty leaders, it's a serious issue. Morality demands they should resign but nobody is Lal Bahadur Shastri,\" he said.The Samajwadi reaction to the fresh row over Gadkari, triggered by BJP leader Yashwant Sinha's demand that he resign as party chief, may raise eyebrows.Yadav's decision to not let Khurshid slip out of focus in the brouhaha over the saffron chief stems from the concern that partnership in Delhi can rub off public anger against UPA to Samajwadis. SP believes the issue of \"corruption\" against Congress can even help offset negatives against its government in UP, a reason why it did not join UPA.Sources said SP would keep reminding people that BJP's backing for Gadkari was no different from Congress's promotion of Khurshid. Khurshid landed in controversy over media reports about irregularities by his NGO in distributing help to differently-abled persons. The Congress MP from Farrukhabad has strongly denied the charges.With the big battle looming, Samajwadis are aware of difficulties that Congress may pose in the state. The party has to deftly rally voters, especially Muslims, to ward off challenge from Congress which won 21 seats in 2009 and finished just two short of top position. Samajwadis are also riled by Khurshid's aggressive campaign as \"minority face\" of Congress in UP polls.The burden of the Lok Sabha battle is evident from SP announcing 64 of 80 candidates for UP this month. The early move seeks to benefit from an uncontested field since Congress is loath to challenge SP in view of its central compulsions. However, critics argue SP's alacrity betrays concern that its state government is fast losing equity because of policy failures and law and order problems, especially rising communal clashes.The SP-Congress battle may be engaged in fresh upmanship but it is BSP that is eyeing the LS contest with expectation. Ousted from power in March, Mayawati's outfit thinks it would be the natural gainer from any decline in SP's popularity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17301104", "title": "Suburban local train services delayed after locomotive breakdown", "text": "CHENNAI: Many suburban commuters had a tough time reaching their destinations from Chengalpet after the locomotive of the Tuticorin-Chennai Egmore Pearl City Express broke down near Tambaram Sanatorium on Tuesday morning.Five suburban trains between Chengelpet and Tambaram were held up at different locations and services on the Chennai Beach-Tambaram route were delayed between 7.30am and 8.30am. Three Express trains, including the Thiruvananthapuram-Chennai Egmore Ananthapuri Express and the Rameshwaram-Chennai Express, were delayed by an hour. As the locomotive could not be repaired, another one was brought from Egmore to bring the Pearl City Express to the city.A senior railway official said the problem was cleared before rush hour. \"There was not much of a problem on the Beach-Tambaram section. Suburban trains were delayed on the Chengalpet-Tambaram route as trains from Beach were either held up or reached Chengalpet late.\"Spl trains to TiruvannamalaiSouthern Railway will run unreserved special trains from Chennai, Villupuram and Puducherry to Tiruvannamalai for Karthigai Deepam festival on Tuesday. The Chennai Central-Tiruvannamalai special will leave Central at 10am on November 27 and 28 and arrive Tiruvannamalai at 4.15pm on the same day. The Tiruvannamalai-Central special will leave Tiruvannamalai at 8.30pm on the same days and arrive at Central at 2.15am the next day.The Puducherry-Tiruvannamalai special will leave Puducherry at 6.30am on November 27 and 28 and arrive at Tiruvannamalai at 9.30am on the same day. The Villupuram-Tiruvannamalai special will leave Villupuram at 2.25pm on November 27 and arrive at Tiruvannamalai at 3.45pm on that day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17302378", "title": "2-day strike call by luxury taxi owners", "text": "KOLKATA: After bus operators, it's the turn of the luxury taxi operators in the city to give a strike call demanding a fare hike.The Luxury Taxi Association (West Bengal) has called a two-day strike on November 29 and 30 demanding a fare hike and protesting against the rise in road tax for luxury taxis. Over 30,000 luxury taxis, including 18,000 in the city, will go off roads on those two days.Association secretary Saikat Pal said that they had earlier informed chief minister Mamata Banerjee , the transport minister and finance minister on the problems they were facing, but to no avail.The association has placed a ten-point agenda, including the demands of hike in fares and rollback of the increased road tax. The association members also complained that the police and motor vehicle officials harass the luxury taxi drivers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17295661", "title": "Hope I inspire youngsters: Mary Kom", "text": "Mary Kom, talks about teaching her kids the right way to punch and more.How is life treating Mary Kom after the Olympics?(Laughs) By God's grace, life is good. Just that life has become too hectic. Before Olympics I was busy with the training and practice, now I'm travelling to a lot of places to attend felicitation ceremonies.You are writing your autobiography...Yes. About 40-45% is done. One needs time to pen an autobiography and I'm not getting enough time to sit down and write undisturbed. I have promised myself that after going back home from Kolkata, I will concentrate on my writing.A film too will be made on your life by Sanjay Leela Bansali.I'm really honoured and excited. Sanjayji makes beautiful movies. I just hope that my life history will inspire the whole nation, especially the youngsters.At home, do you teach boxing to your kids?Nahi, nahi. As it is the two kids are punching each other or playing boxing with me. At times they punch the wrong way and I have to teach them the right style.How do you handle the fan frenzy in your kids' school?(Laughs) There is nothing to handle. Some come up to me asking how I trained myself. But that's fine.Your husband said you are a doting mother and an excellent wife...Is it? I love my family and I miss them when I am travelling. I love to do my household work all by myself - from sweeping the floor, cooking to looking after my kids.Do you fight with your hubby?No way!Your tips to youngsters who want to follow your footsteps?There is no alternative to hard work. Be focused and follow your dreams.Any special gift you've given Onler?Mary Kom and the two kids. Can anything be better than that?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17301473", "title": "Top cop gets tough over police nod for private security firms", "text": "NASHIK: Police commissioner Kulwant Kumar Sarangal at a meeting on Tuesday with private security agencies said that any security agency found operating without police permission would face strict action.Sarangal had called for the meeting to acquaint private security operators with norms to be adhered to while running their agencies. The meeting was also called to ensure that the uniforms of security personnel do not look resemble those of governemnt security personnel mainly black cats, State Protection Group (SPG) and other special security forces.Sarangal said that in addition to having distinct uniforms, private security agencies would also have to ensure that the uniforms worn by their staff are verified by the special police branch.As per instructions given during the meeting, it was also mandatory to get a police verification of private security personnel employed . In addition, the agencies are also expected to inform the police in the event of a security staffer quitting their job with a particular agency.It was also decided that such meeting would be organized every three months. Those present at the meeting informed the police that there were nearly 150 security agencies operating in the industrial belts of the district, out of which only 35 were registered.Dileep Korde of United Services, a security agency, said that taking into account the large number of illegal agencies operating in the district the operators had formed a consortium of private security agencies, which would only include members that have all required police permissions in place.Sarangal also appealed to the group to inform the police department if they became aware of illegal security agencies operating across the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17305562", "title": "Vinod Bachchan patches up with his rakhi-sister", "text": "Producer Vinod Bachchan got into a physical squabble with his rakhi-sister, Neha Berry. The lady apparently got upset because Bachchan couldn't find time for her during Bhai Dooj. After the squabble in the gym, she registered a police complaint against Bachchan but the matter was sorted out within an hour.Says Bachchan, \"We share a 12-year old brother-sister relationship. She was upset with me but it's sorted now. In fact we're now in Shirdi together. We've come here together to pray for peace between us.\"Actor Sonu Sood who's the lady's cousin was in Shirdi with the stormy rakhi-siblings shrugs off the whole incident. \"I don't know why I was dragged into this. It's between them. They are constantly at loggerheads. I know after this fight they'd patch up in no time. An hour after the incident at the gym, they were singing songs together.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17301965", "title": "Who is afraid of tigers in Wayanad?", "text": "KOCHI: Do we've to paint our houses and shops in wild green if Wayanad is declared a tiger reserve? Do we have to keep a vessel filled with water every night for tigers to drink and turn on all lights around the house?These are some of the RTI questions posed to forest top brass ever since rumours about an impending declaration of Wayanad as a tiger reserve went viral. But the Forest Department thinks that the queries reflect a bigger plan for land grab in the area by creating the bogey of a tiger reserve destabilising lives in the neighbourhood.Citing other RTI queries to substantiate this, a senior officer told TOI that \"most of the queries seek details of land owners who are voluntarily surrendering their holding for facilitating the demarcation of the proposed reserve''.Ironically, these questions are flooding the department when there is absolutely no move to declare the area a tiger reserve. \"Another questioner wants to know restrictions that would be imposed on construction activities. Yet another query has demanded all details of our rehabilitation plan,'' he said.Three other questions seek a detailed map of the area indicating various zones like buffer, core, etc. \"We strongly feel that this is part of an orchestrated campaign,'' a source told TOI.A report from Wayanad submitted by D K Varma, CCF, northern circle, has stated that \"the presence of miscreants who are misleading the local population needs to be probed.'' Their instigation is the main reason for agitations turning unusually violent of late. The CCF also noted mischievous spread of rumours like how a circus company had let its tigers free in Muthanga thus leading to widespread panic. A trigger for the rumour mongering is the recent spate of cattle lifting by tigers. That is no new phenomenon in Wayanad.Cattle-killer to be hunted downGiven the high possibility of the cattle-killer tiger of Wayanad turning into a man-eater, the forest department has decided to hunt it down.V Gopinathan, CCF, in an order issued on Tuesday said a five-member team will ascertain its identity before hunting it by tranquilizing or using cages and \"failing which by other means''.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17302666", "title": "Asaram Bapu challenges summons", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Spiritual guru Asaram Bapu has moved the Gujarat high court challenging the Justice D K Trivedi inquiry commission's summons for deposition on December 1. The court will hear the petition on Wednesday.The commission has been probing the incident of the mysterious deaths of two kids \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Dipesh and Abhishek Waghela in 2008 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d near Asaram ashram in Motera. It is probing allegations of negligence and the possibility of the death being caused to black magic allegedly practiced by the cult.After repeated disregard of summons, the commission asked Asaram to appear on December 1, and his son Narayansai on November 11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17303056", "title": "Former tabloid editor hacked to death", "text": "BANGALORE: A 55-year-old realtor and RTI activist who once ran a Kannada weekly tabloid was hacked to death in front of his house in Vittalnagar, Chamarajpet, South Bangalore early on Tuesday morning.Lingaraju Madaiah, former editor of the now-closed 'Maha Prachanda', was standing near the public water tap outside his house when a three-member gang attacked him with machetes and knives.They repeatedly stabbed him and he died. His wife and two sons were fast asleep when the killing took place around 6 am, Chamarajpet police said.Family members woke up hearing cries from passersby and shifted Lingaraju to Victoria Hospital where he was declared brought dead.'Maha Prachanda' stopped publishing nearly five years back.Meanwhile, family sources claimed that Lingaraju had filed a complaint with the Lokayukta against a city corporator sometime back. The Lokayukta recently raided the councillor and seized valuables.But Chamarajpet police refused to confirm the allegations. \"It is true that the family is alleging the involvement of the corporator. We will come to know the truth only when we arrest the real culprits,\" the police said.Lingaraju also filed RTI queries pertaining to projects of big builders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17303077", "title": "Cold wave condition prevails as Pune records 8.6 degrees C", "text": "PUNE: Severe cold wave condition prevailed in the belt from Jalgaon-Nashik to Pune as the temperatures remained 6 to 7 degrees Celsius below the normal mark.The minimum temperature in the city increased marginally to 8.6 degrees Celsius as against 7.9 recorded on Monday, which is still 6 degrees Celsius below normal. The India Meteorological Department (IMD) terms it a severe cold wave condition.The IMD's all-India weather summary stated that severe cold wave condition also prevailed in some parts of central Maharashtra and interior Karnataka. In some areas of Vidarbha, the night temperature was markedly below normal i.e. a departure of 5 to 6 degrees Celsius from normal. In Konkan and Goa, it was appreciably normal i.e. 3 to 4 degrees Celsius below normal.\"In the next 24 hours, we expect the minimum temperature in Pune to hover around 8 degrees Celsius. It may go up to 9 in the ensuing 24 hours,\" an IMD official said.Night temperature in the city has dropped noticeably in the last three days owing to the stronger influence of the northerly and northeasterly winds flowing into the region. Usually, these winds bring cold conditions with them. Local conditions like dryness, low humidity and clear skies, which facilitate quicker cooling from day time radiation, have contributed to the decline in the mercury level.On Monday, the IMD had predicted these conditions would prevail for the next 48 hours with the possibility of extending up to 72 hours. \"A depression over the west central Bay of Bengal has moved westwards over Vishakhapatnam in coastal Andhra Pradesh and has weakened into a well-marked low pressure area,\" the summary stated.Temperature over parts of Maharashtra may go up if there are moderate rains in the southern Indian states that will trigger moisture incursion into the region. The predicted rise would be mainly on account of increase in humidity and cloudiness.On Tuesday, Ahmednagar recorded the lowest minimum temperature in the state at 7.9 degrees Celsius, Nashik 8 while Jalgaon recorded 8.1. The minimum temperature in Mahabaleshwar was 13 degrees Celsius while Satara recorded 10.2. Aurangabad and Parbhani in Marathwada region recorded 12.6 and 10.6 respectively. Nagpur recorded 10.5 degrees Celsius while Yavatmal recorded 9.2 and Akola 11.7.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17301557", "title": "PM revives N-energy talks with Japan", "text": "NEW DELHI: PM Manmohan Singh sought to revive with Japan negotiations for peaceful use of nuclear energy, which has remained stalled since the Fukushima nuclear accident in March, 2011, in a meeting with his counterpart Yoshihiko Noda in Phnom Penh. The two leaders got a chance to have a bilateral meeting ahead of the East Asia Summit meet in Cambodia after their annual summit in Tokyo this month had to be deferred because of announcement of polls in Japan.Sources said that Singh expressed hope before Noda that Japan would soon share its nuclear technology and expertise with India.\"PM Noda replied by saying that Japan wished to advance consultations in a constructive and cooperative manner,\" Japan's foreign ministry spokesman Masaru Sato told TOI. He added though that it wasn't possible to give any date for resumption of negotiations.Sato said that Japan welcomed the signing of rare earth pacts between the two nations. It will allow Japan to import rare earth minerals, essential for its hi-tech industry, from India reducing its dependence on China which currently accounts for around 90% of supplies. \"Diversification of supply sources is always a good thing for any country,\" he added.The two countries had discussed civilian nuclear cooperation as a part of the wider India-Japan Energy Dialogue but formal negotiations have not yet resumed. During the dialogue, Japan also sought some clarifications about India's nuclear liability law that prevents suppliers from making themselves immune to compensation claims in the event of an accident. The two sides had held three rounds of talks over the issue before Fukushima.Without actually resuming negotiations, Japan has maintained that it remains committed to having civilian nuclear cooperation that was stated during the visit of foreign minister Koichiro Gemba to India earlier this year. Gemba's the then counterpart S M Krishna had said that consultations would resume soon. According to the joint statement issued after the summit meet here last year, the two prime ministers had directed their negotiators to \"exert further efforts towards a conclusion of the agreement, having due regard to each side's relevant interests, including nuclear safety\".For India, the outcome of the Japanese elections next month will be interesting as nuclear power is likely to be one of the main issues. The ruling Democratic Party of Japan has declared that it will work to bring down the number of all operating reactors to zero by 2040, but the main opposition, Liberal Democratic Party, not just wants those reactors considered safe to reopen but also to use nuclear power policies as a springboard for further economic growth. This is the first time elections are being held after last year's tsunami.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "17302796", "title": "Rs 600 crore for coastal villages in Kerala", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: Fisheries minister K Babu has said the fisheries department is set to give a facelift to the coastal villages in the state and the department has rolled out a project worth Rs 600 crore for this purpose.He was speaking after inaugurating the model fishermen village at Aarattupuzha in Alappuzha on Tuesday.\"The state government has already allotted Rs 50 crore for executing the intiative. Central government will allot Rs 200 crore for the project. The government will collect the rest of the amount as loan from NABARD and HUDCO,\" the minister said.\"A sum of Rs 28 crore has been sanctioned for the development of seven villages in Thrikunnapuzha and Aarattupuzha panchayats in Alappuzha.The government will construct houses for fishermen with this amount. Works such as electrification of these houses, drinking water distribution and other basic infrastructure will also be carried out with this fund. Nearly 568 house will be constructed in Aarattupuzha panchayat,\" the minister said.The minister said that in the first stage nearly 3,124 houses will be constructed in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17302910", "title": "Karnataka gets first mobile hospital", "text": "BANGALORE: Residents of remote villages in Karnataka now have access to specialized healthcare facilities at their doorstep. The Smile Foundation, in collaboration with Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) and city-based NGO Karuna Trust, on Tuesday launched Smile on Wheels, the state's first mobile hospital.Smile on Wheels takes a well-equipped mobile hospital along with specialist doctors, nurses, paramedical staff, equipment and medicines to designated villages and slums in a systematic manner. Through this initiative, preventive, promotive and curative healthcare will reach the inhabitants of Yemalur and Doddakanahalli villages on the city's outskirts.The service will be extended to other villages later. A series of special health camps will be organized at regular intervals too.\"Smile on Wheels will facilitate diagnosis of diseases as well as treatment of minor injuries and surgeries in villagers,\" said Dr H Sudarshan, honorary secretary, Karuna Trust.Dr Kamini Rao, senior gynaecologist and chief guest at the launch, said: \"The van is equipped with all facilities necessary to start first line of treatment. It can also help diagnose disorders like diabetes and anaemia. It'll help transfer critical patients to specialty hospitals quickly even when they are under treatment.\"Started in June 2006, about 22 Smile on Wheels vans are operational in 13 states and 5 lakh people have benefited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17300687", "title": "Heads of cancer centres write to PM for ban on gutka", "text": "MUMBAI: The crusade against smokeless tobacco, particularly gutka and pan masala, has now got a push from the heads of 12 regional cancer centres in the country. The directors of these institutes have written to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh asking for a complete ban on gutka and pan masala across all states and union territories.Currently, 16 states, including Maharashtra, have implemented the ban under the Food Safety and Standards Act. The premise for banning the products was the inclusion of gutka and pan masala as food products and findings that showed they contained tobacco, nicotine and magnesium carbonate, responsible for causing oral cancer. Besides heads of the regional cancer centres, the Indian Dental Association and Tata Memorial Hospital (TMH) too, have written to the PM.With over 80,000 fresh cases of oral cancer being reported in the country annually, anti-tobacco crusaders feel the issue needs to be addressed on an urgent basis. Data from the ministry of health shows that about 8.2% of the Indian population is hooked to gutka, while a whopping 25.9% to other smokeless tobacco like khaini, betel quid with tobacco, gul, gudaku, mishri, etc. In Maharashtra, the prevalence of gutka users in the population of above 15 years stands at 8.3%, while for smokeless tobacco it stands at 27.6%.Head and neck surgeon of TMH Dr Pankaj Chaturvedi said letters for a country-wide ban ha8ve also been sent to the Union hea8lth minister Ghulam Nabi Azad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17301729", "title": "All that glitters is a tazia, as artisans writhe in debt to keep tradition alive", "text": "LUCKNOW: A faint smile on her wrinkled face exhibits her sense of achievement in the days of mourning. The smile braves the hard fact that Begum Akhtar Jahan has taken a loan of Rs 50,000 to keep up the generations old tradition. That she will have to pay back Rs 20,000 as interest against the loan doesn't bother her.Putting the mundane challenges of survival aside, the 60-year-old woman makes tazias (tableaux) during Muharram, a custom started by the nawabs of Awadh. \"I help people fulfill their pledge. My reward is their appreciation and good wishes,\" she said. But the future of this craftsmanship may not be as bright as the glittering tazias of different shapes, sizes and heights lined up for sale at Sultanul Madaris, a madarsa in old Lucknow which turns into a tazia market during Muharram. Like Jahan, most of them are in the clutches of private money lenders.Sarkar Mirza, another tazia maker tells us why. \"Tazia making is a time consuming job that begins about six months before the Islamic month of Muharram. But buyers come only when the month starts. Most of us are small-time artisans employed usually as zardozi workers, having limited means. So, the challenge of input cost always stares at us,\" said Mirza, adding that he borrowed Rs 45,000 for the inputs.Mohd Wahid, an elderly tazia maker who was supervising for many of his counterparts at Sultanul Madaris, said time had come to give some assistance and patronage to tazia makers. \"I wonder if the next generation has the patience needed to turn colored sheets of paper into interesting motifs and design a tazia. They would be discouraged to take the tradition further if they have to go to a money lender to gather money through other means for the material,\" he stated.But what makes an ordinary embroidery artist walk the extra mile to keep a tradition alive? In answer, Nawaz Haider said making tazia has become an important part of his life. \"I grew up seeing my father and grandfather making tazias. While their deft hands shaped the tazia, their minds were engaged in convincing us that we have to take this tradition forward,\" he said. Another tazia maker Hasan Raza added that tazia making was an art dedicated to Imam Hussain who sacrificed his life in the battle of Karbala.Islamic scholar Maulana Sayed Saif Abbas Naqvi says, \"Artisans would continue to make tazias till azadars (mourners) demand.\" Informing that the tradition of making tazias is about 175 years old, he said, \"It is believed that tazia processions were unique to Lucknow and spread to other places from here.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17302337", "title": "Party to take call on Mamata: Gurudas Dasgupta", "text": "KOLKATA: CPI veteran Gurudas Dasgupta wants the Congress-led UPA government to go, but has no comment when Mamata Banerjee seeks his party's support for her proposed no-confidence resolution against the government.\"I have nothing to say,\" Dasgupta said on Tuesday when asked about Mamata's appeal to him. Earlier in the day, the chief minister had said that she called Dasgupta to seek his party's support for the no-trust motion. \"If Gurudasda's party brings a no-trust motion, we are ready to support it,\" Mamata said, taking cue from the CPI veteran's comment two days ago that his party would not bail out the government if the motion is introduced in Parliament.According to CPI sources, Dasgupta made the comment \"on his own\", sparking a debate in party circles. Dasgupta's flip-flop prompted the CPI to resolve the confusion at the national secretariat meeting on Wednesday. \"We will finalise our stand at a meeting tomorrow,\" CPI veteran A B Bardhan said.Dasgupta, till the other day, had shot down interpretations that his comments were at variance with former CPI secretary Bardhan's remark that his party won't endorse a no-confidence motion brought with BJP's support. \"There is no difference between us. I talked to Bardhan before making the comment,\" Dasgupta said.However, the confusion refused to die down. Instead, it assumed new proportions when Dasgupta's colleague in the party national secretariat, Bengal party secretary Manju Majumdar, differed with him on this issue. \"Mamata Banerjee should first clarify what she was doing when the NDA government gave the go-ahead to FDI entry. She was a Cabinet minister then,\" Majumdar said. When asked about Dasgupta's views, Majumdar said: \"He is free to give his opinion in the party meeting.\"While Dasgupta loyalists laboured to stand by him, others felt that he was using his seniority in the party to cross the organisational Lakshman rekha. Dasgupta's detractors in the Left camp cited instances where Dasgupta had different views even after the four Left parties had arrived at an understanding on a tactic. In this case also, Dasgupta digressed from the common understanding of the Left parties for reasons best known to him. It became clear on Tuesday when CPM general secretary Prakash Karat said: \"We have discussed the matter twice and our united stand is that we will not support Trinamool Congress's no-confidence motion.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17300841", "title": "Railways to introduce biometric system to weed out touts", "text": "MUMBAI: Western Railway will introduce a biometric system at its Passenger Reservation System (PRS) to prevent touts from cornering tickets for long-distance trains.The modalities are being worked out. The system is being introduced on a pilot basis in two zonal railways. In the new system, a person has to give his/her left thumb impression at the time of booking the ticket. Once the person's identity is registered in the system, he/she will not be allowed to book ticket from the PRS more than twice in day.WR general manager Mahesh Kumar said, \"The biometric system will be introduced at one of the major PRS centres in Mumbai before the end of this calendar year.\"He has also asked the booking clerks and the RPF to check the identity card of the persons coming to book the ticket at the PRS centre. Kumar said, \"This will have a deterrent effect and touts would shy away from standing in queue repeatedly to corner the tickets.\"Kumar also said he has asked his officials to introduce a token system to prevent squatting by people in PRS centres. From July 2011, the railways decided to open tatkal bookings at 10am instead of 8am to ensure that there was no rush for regular bookings and tatkal bookings in the morning. Moreover, for tatkal bookings, agents used to sleep at the counters all night. Hence, customers who want to book without an agent's intervention found it difficult to get through the line for tickets.However, the new timing for tatkal has triggered fights in PRS counters. A booking clerk said, \"There is no separate queue for tatkal.\"WR official said that the token system will help reduce chaos to some extent.Times View: Surprise checks, CCTVs neededRailways has no doubt made efforts to limit the role of touts in ticket booking. However, more needs to be done to ensure that common citizens are not left at the mercy of touts. The authorities should conduct surprise checks to ensure that touts do not develop a nexus with the booking clerk and security personnel. Use of technology in the form of CCTV network with facial recognition system to identify touts in PRS and biometric system should be introduced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17301425", "title": "Jaya keeps cards close to chest on Trinamool's no-trust motion", "text": "CHENNAI: The AIADMK has decided to wait and watch before taking a call on the no-confidence motion that Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee is planning to move against the Congress-led UPA government.Talking to reporters after an hour-long meeting with party MPs here, chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Tuesday said her party would take a decision based on the number of MPs supporting the no-confidence motion.\"If a no-confidence motion is moved, it has to be successful. So far, no one has approached the AIADMK for supporting such a motion. If such a request comes, we will examine it,\" she said.Ready to face election any time: JayaAsked about the AIADMK's stand if Banerjee did not approach her party and seek its support, Jayalalithaa said, \"Let us see.\" If a no-confidence motion by the Trinamool led to a mid-term poll, the AIADMK was prepared and would welcome it, she said. \"The AIADMK is prepared to face elections any time,\" Jayalalithaa said The AIADMK has nine MPs in the Lok Sabha and five in the Rajya Sabha.On foreign direct investment in multi-brand retail trade, she said the party would oppose the proposal if it came up for voting in the winter session of Parliament, scheduled to begin on Thursday. Jayalalithaa said she had issued a clear statement earlier that her party was against the proposal. \"I have categorically stated that I will not allow it (FDI in retail) in Tamil Nadu. There is no change in our stand,\" she said. To a question about Rahul Gandhi being projected as prime ministerial candidate, she said the Congress has the freedom to select its candidate for the top post. \"Congress is enacting a drama,\" she said when asked about the UPA government's view that the presumptive loss estimated by the Comptroller and Auditor General in 2G allocation was wrong and there was no scam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17303076", "title": "Son kills father, surrenders", "text": "PUNE: Fed up of constant harassment, a 24-year-old man killed his own father at Valte Vasti near Loni Kalbhor in the early hours of Tuesday.The Loni Kalbhor police have identified the deceased as Dattatreya Bhiku Valte (55) and his son as Dnyaneshwar who surrendered immediately after the incident.Suhas Garud, in-charge of the Loni Kalbhor police station, said that on early Wednesday morning Dattatreya created a scene by beating up his wife outside the house. Dnyaneshwar got furious and in a fit of rage, he took a big stone and bludgeoned his father to death. \"Dnyaneshwar then went to the police station and confessed. We immediately sent a team to the spot and took Dattatreya to the hospital where he was declared dead,\" Garud said.Investigations have revealed that Dattatreya used to harass his wife and four sons. A year back, Dattatreya had sold a part of their family land and spent all the money in merry-making. About four months ago, he again sold some of his land. On getting the money, he left his house and returned only after he had exhausted all of it.Garud said that since then Dattatreya and his family members had constant fights. Dattatreya's two sons had started living separately and Dnyaneshwar and his younger brother had to work as labourers to earn a living.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17301296", "title": "Woman, 27, hangs self in Chitlapakkam", "text": "CHENNAI: A 27-year-old woman committed suicide by hanging from the ceiling of her house in Chitlapakkam on Sunday night. Her husband found her hanging when he returned home on Monday.Police said Padma Priya, a physiotherapist , and Giri, 33, an engineer with a mobile service provider in the city, got married last month in Trichy and lived on Pamban Swamigal Salai in Chitlapakkam. On Sunday, Giri left home for work.When he returned on Monday, he found his wife hanging from the ceiling. Based on a complaint from Padma Priya's mother, police registered a case and are investigating. Police said they were looking into if the couple had any domestic problems. The Tambaram revenue department has also been asked to probe the suicide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "chintapalli (medak)", "code": "17301986", "title": "Chandrababu Naidu wins hearts in Telangana region", "text": "CHINTAPALLI (MEDAK): Chandrababu Naidu is kicking up quite a dust. Ambling along in his sneakers in this small village with a population of 700, the TDP president tried to break ice with them. \"Give me one day (read polling day) and I will give you five years of good governance,\" Naidu pleaded with the small bunch of smiling villagers with folded hands. And they nodded in affirmation.In what could make a big difference in the run-up to the 2014 elections, Naidu seems to strike a chord with the villagers in Telangana heartland as part of his Vastunna Meekosam padayatra here on Tuesday, which entered its 50th day. People of this dusty village, 60 km from Hyderabad, did not make a beeline to listen to him but paid attention to what he had to say.\"I will be your sevak for five years if you elect me,\" he told a group of farm labourers lining up the roadside as he walked through the fields. Though there were no thunderous claps, Naidu did not fail to attract curious women in the village in Sangareddy constituency. He said he would be their 'Lambada Naik' if they elect him as he announced a Lambada declaration for the benefit of the STs.He told TOI that his padayatra had been an eye-opener for him. \"People come to me with a plethora of complaints on various issues and how the government has failed to come to their rescue.\" Asked whether his padayatra would bring the votes for his TDP, Naidu paused for a while and said: \"We are gearing up for the elections. We will finalise the candidates for assembly and parliament elections much in advance. One thing is clear, we will allocate 100 seats for BCs.\"When the villagers looked at him with glee, Naidu was back to his aggressive self. He slammed the YSR Congress and the ruling Congress, termed them the evils for causing all the problems in the state. \"Talli Congress (mother Congress) and pilla Congress (YSR Congress) have plundered the state and time has come to vote them out,\" he told them, inviting a couple of whistles.Accompanied by close to 100 members, including a documentation team and security personnel, Naidu slowly but steadily walked the stretch through the small village. When he mentioned that he got Manjeera water for Medak district, people cheered him lustily.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17301411", "title": "Stakeholders inspect expressway to put an end to all traffic woes", "text": "GURGAON: The Punjab and Haryana high court's directions to stakeholders of the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway have started showing positive results on the ground.While on the HC's direction a joint meeting of officials from HUDA, NHAI, DGSCL and Gurgaon police was held on Monday, an inspection of the expressway was done on Tuesday to assess the ground realities and find time-bound solutions. The inspection, which lasted more than four hours and covered all the major intersections on the expressway, resulted in a list of about 20 key areas where action is required.Foremost is the construction of a separate U-turn under Udyog Vihar flyover to give passage to vehicles coming from Udyog Vihar/Shankar Chowk and going towards Ambience Mall. At present, commuters face danger of cutting across many lanes of the expressway to reach the mall after taking U-turn just before the toll plaza.It was also decided to popularize the eight-lane toll plaza at Udyog Vihar link road through signage and banners. The HUDA also plans to widen an interior road leading to the toll plaza to 18 metre from 12 metre. The lane for bikers from Delhi to Gurgaon side will also be widened. It was also decided that a window for selling smart cards would be installed near this spot.HUDA administrator Praveen Kumar said along with NHAI and DGSCL, he will try to decongest all major intersections on the expressway including Shankar Chowk, IFFCO Chowk, Signature Tower and Rajiv Chowk. There are way too many cuts and U-turns under the flyovers at these places. Officials also looked into possibilities of widening service lanes from Shankar Chowk to 32-lane toll plaza on Gurgaon to Delhi side as the stretch witnesses huge jams during peak hours on daily basis.The DGSCL on its part agreed that many of the street lights are not functioning and promised to repair them on a priority basis. DCP (east) Maheswar Dayal pointed out that some of the signage on the expressway were misleading.Traffic police demanded that traffic signals should be made properly functional with power back up. Another major congestion point on the expressway is Rajiv Chowk. Due to the faulty design of the intersection, traffic signals could not be installed at this spot and traffic cops have to man the area. Due to multiple approach roads on both sides, traffic snarls are a regular feature here.HUDA proposed to double the width of the service lane leading from Sector 38 to Rajiv Chowk with a provision of direct approach to Sohna road. This would take a major burden off the intersection. All the U-turns under the flyover will also be widened.DGSCL official said they would look into the matter. It was also decided to construct a foot-overbridge at Hero Honda Chowk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17302981", "title": "FIR against BJP MP, wife in Churu for attack on BSP leader", "text": "JAIPUR: An FIR has been filed against Churu MP Ram Singh Kaswan and his wife Kamla Kaswan, BJP MLA from Rajgarh constituency for the attack on BSP leader Manoj Nyangali in Rajgarh town on Sunday evening. The family members filed the FIR and alleged that some police men of Rajgarh were involved in suspicious activities following which the Churu SP Om Prakash removed nine constables from duty and sent them to the police reserve lines.The case will be handed over to the CID, crime branch for further investigation as local police cannot investigate against a sitting MP or MLA.According to SP, Churu, Omprakash, the family members alleged in their FIR that the BJP MP from Churu Ram Singh Kaswan had political rivalry with the Nyangali family.The family members alleged that in 2009, an FIR was registered against Ram Singh Kaswan in the case related to the murder of Manoj's elder brother Virendra Nyangali which took place in February, 2009. They alleged that the police closed the case without proper investigation.The family members alleged that Manoj, in-charge of the party's assembly segment, was planning to contest the 2013 assembly elections from Rajgarh constituency. Manoj's brother Virendra Singh Nyangali fought the 2008 assembly election from Sadulpur seat but lost to BJP's Kamla Kaswan, wife of Ram Singh.They alleged that political rivalry had driven the Kaswan couple to attempt an attack on Manoj on Sunday evening. The family members also registered an FIR against eight others who they say barged into BSP's Rajgarh block office and shot at Manoj and two others.SP Om Praksh said the family members \"alleged that some constables were involved in sharing information with criminals in the area. Nine constables were removed from duty and sent to the lines till further investigation,\" said the officer.Manoj and two others who were injured in the firing and are undergoing treatment at a hospital at Hisar in Haryana. Additional SP Rajkumar Choudhary said according to the doctors, three men are said to be out of danger. Manoj's condition is relatively serious as he sustained a bullet injury near an eye.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17302964", "title": "Ranji Trophy: Tamil Nadu wrap it up easily against Maharashtra", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu had all six points in the bag before the clock struck 10 on Tuesday morning as they wrapped up their Ranji Trophy Group B game against Maharashtra with a thumping 104-run victory at the MA Chidambaram stadium.The hosts completed the formalities on the fourth and final morning without much fuss as Maharashtra, who began the day on 75/8 in pursuit of 193, were bowled out for just 88. Akshay Darekar was the first to depart as he edged one to S Badrinath at second slip off the bowling of off-spinner Malolan Rangarajan in the sixth over of the day.Left-arm-spinner Aushik Srinivas gave the hosts victory when he removed last man, Samad Fallah , who stepped out and mistimed his shot which was comfortably taken by M Vijay at mid-wicket. Tamil Nadu now have eight points from three games, while Maharashtra who have played one game less are still stuck on a single point.After the run-feast in the previous match which saw only 10 wickets fall, the pitch in this game was a talking point throughout. Both camps, however, had different views about the track. \"This wicket had something for everyone,\" Tamil Nadu skipper L Balaji said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17303128", "title": "Yuvraj needs to cement Test place now, say experts", "text": "MUMBAI: Yuvraj Singh's fairytale comeback into the Indian team after fighting a rare germ cell cancer has been a matter of great discussion in the cricket fraternity across the world. Those who have played the game over the years and those who have watched him play have been generous in singing their praise.However, the same people are equally convinced that Yuvraj, despite being the talented player that he is, hasn't done justice to his Test career.If a cricketer has played only 38 Tests in nine years and the same man has played 220 ODIs in the stipulated period, it makes one curious. The curiosity increases if the player has been anointed a 'special talent' and has been compared with the great Garfield Sobers by cricketers of the calibre and knowledge of former India captain Dilip Vengsarkar.Constant injuries, sudden loss of form, competing with a strong middle-order and lack of good defensive technique against spin bowling have all been listed as the obstacles in Yuvraj's Test career.\"We certainly need to see a lot more of Yuvraj in Test cricket,\" said one of the game's greatest allrounders, Kapil Dev . \"He has been a very special talent and deserves a lot of credit for the manner in which he fought his illness and came back to international cricket. From here on, he has to strive to do in the longer format what he's managed in One-day cricket and Twenty20.\"On Tuesday, veteran cricket writer Makarand Waingankar released a book on Yuvraj summarising his career, struggles and post-illness comeback. The book, titled 'Yuvi', also touches upon Yuvraj and his Test career till now. Former India wicketkeeper and selector Kiran More agreed that \"Yuvraj should've played more Test cricket than he has\" while another purist from the past, Saad bin Jung, said \"it is his technique against quality spin bowling\" and \"poor defense\" that has been the batsman's undoing.\"The century he hit in Lahore, during India's 2003-04 was a great knock,\" recalls Vengsarkar. It was India's second Test when Yuvraj came in for another left-hander and captain Sourav Ganguly. Vengsarkar also recalls the 169 he scored against the same opposition in Bangalore when they came visiting in 2007. \"A fabulous knock,\" he says.However, the irony is Yuvraj has either walked into the team to replace somebody and had to go out whenever the player has made a return. The battling half century against Sri Lanka in Galle in 2010 is a case in point.He was diagnosed with dengue in the following Test at the SSC and lost his spot to Suresh Raina, who promptly scored a hundred on Test debut.Now, with the middle-order not so packed as it was in the VVS Laxman and Rahul Dravid era, the onus is Yuvraj to cement his place in the Test squad. He's done incredibly well to return to international cricket post his illness. But only time will tell if he can sustain himself in cricket's longest format.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17295013", "title": "Those who are less qualified than I am get more preference: Geeta Phogat", "text": "Geeta Phogat (23), the first Indian woman wrestler to qualify for the Olympics, has still not forgiven herself for losing out on a medal at the Big Games. \"I blame myself for losing the chance to win,\" she says. But she did make the country proud by winning a bronze medal at the recent World Wrestling Championships in Canada. Though she feels that she lacked the experience which one requires to win the bout at the Olympics, she gave the world championship her all.\"I wanted to win this championship at any cost. I had made a few mistakes earlier but I knew I wouldn't repeat them in this one. I had trained myself in the camps organised for us and that helped me win the bout against Ukraine's Nataliya Synyshyn,\" says Geeta.While the feeling of winning is unmatched, it seems to be marred by partiality within the sport. This comes close on the heels of players in other sports too complaining of the same, be it tennis or badminton. \"The government has not done anything for sportspersons like us. I can see some kind of partiality existing within our own people. There are some wrestlers who are equally good as I am or lesser qualified, but they get preference. The DCP post in Haryana which I was hoping to get after the world championship has gone to someone else,\" she says without taking names. \"I feel sad because I have put in so much effort to do the country proud,\" she adds.This situation notwithstanding, Geeta say that her focus is to excel at the Asian championship to be held in Delhi early next year. \"All the credit for my achievements goes to my father Mahavir Singh who is also my coach. Wherever I am today, it is because of his hard work and perseverance. He has done a lot for me and my sister, who is also into wrestling and won the silver medal for India in the same championship,\" she says.In fact, her father who was also a wrestler, is the driving force behind her will to succeed. Geeta is engaged to wrestler Satish Dahia but her father has told her that she cannot tie the knot until she wins more medals! She says with a smile, \"My father keeps reminding me that he will not allow me to get married to my fiance unless I win a medal for India at the 2016 Rio Olympics.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17301539", "title": "Police inspectors on leave delay passport application verification", "text": "PANAJI: Lack of manpower and special branch (SB) police inspectors going on long leave has delayed the verification process of around 4,000 passport applications.Speaking to TOI a passport applicant said he had applied for a passport a month back as he wanted to travel aboard for employment purposes but is still to get police clearance.Sources said a PI posted at SB went on leave for 125 days and his replacement was granted 80 days of leave.Special branch SP Atmaram Deshpande said the delay is because of a new online system introduced by the passport office which necessitates that the application has to be verified at different levels.After the passport office commenced the online system SB, which was getting around 80 passport applications for verification, is receiving up to 150 passport applications per day.Deshpande said, \"We are getting a large number of applications. We are under staffed and only two computers are being utilized for processing passport applications.\"The delay is also because an additional PI, or one posted in replacement at SB, cannot process the verification papers until he is registered with the passport office and the office issues him a digital signature.\"We have to verify each application very carefully and have to scrutinize each and every aspect before granting police clearance as the passport office sends the passport for printing directly after obtaining police verification,\" Deshpande said.Once police verification is obtained, an applicant can expect the new passport in a week's time.Passport HoldupPassport verification process delayed for the last one monthPolice verification normally takes 15 daysOnly two computers available at special branchThere are 110 staffers at the special branch, handling seven centers and one passport verification cell", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "17300892", "title": "Thane businessman fasts to get cops cracking on Supriya Sule\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s fake FB page", "text": "THANE: Here are two extreme cases of police behaviour. While the two Palghar-based girls faced arrest for their online comments on Sunday's bandh, a Mumbra resident had to resort to a day-long hunger strike last week just to get the Thane police to act in the case of a fake Facebook account defaming NCP leader Supriya Sule .It was on November 10 that Sajid Shaikh submitted a written complaint to the Thane police, asking them to block the fake FB account of Sule which had obscene pictures and unparliamentary language. But no action was taken. The businessman said he had asked the police to register an offence, remove the objectionable site and investigate as to who was responsible for creating the fictitious account of Sule.\"One of my colleagues spotted the fake account of Sule with pornographic pictures posted on it. I immediately gave a written complaint stating that any emotional outburst by her supporters would prove dangerous. I went to the Mumbra police station and gave my complaint but they refused to register an FIR. At the office of the Thane police commissioner and the cyber cell department, they merely accepted the complaint but did not register any offence,'' Shaikh told TOI.\"I expected that they would act swiftly, considering Sule's stature and more importantly, because it was against a woman. However, police action remained elusive and the site remained operational. I then sent a letter to the police, informing them that if an FIR was not registered and the site blocked, I would go on a hunger strike on Nov 16. Cops failed to respond to this letter as well,'' Shaikh said.Accordingly, Shaikh staged a day-long hunger strike outside the Thane district collectorate. \"At 4.30pm, Mumbra police officers came up to me and said an FIR has been registered. I broke my fast at 5.30pm,'' Shaikh said. The fake profile was removed and the Thane cyber cell is looking into it. DCP Sudhakar Pathare, in-charge of cyber cell, could not be contacted and Addl CP Milind Bharambe did not take calls.Who is Sajid Shaikh?A die-hard loyalist of NCP chief Sharad Pawar , the 50-something Shaikh edits a Marathi weekly 'Sharad Bulletin'. The resident of Amrut Nagar in Mumbra has his own business enterprise dealing in electric meters and cables. Originally from Solapur, Shaikh's family is closely associated with the NCP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "jehanabad", "code": "17302564", "title": "'Cops need to be more tech-savvy'", "text": "JEHANABAD: Ethical hacker Deepak Kumar, who was recently in Sydney to train the Australian police on web technology and international crime said that in terms of e-surveillance of cybercrimes, Indian police are still far behind their Australian counterparts.Talking to TOI on his return from Australia, Kumar, who is a resident of Kochhassa village in Arwal district, said though e-surveillance is a most potent weapon in the hands of the police, the lower rung of the Indian police are yet to be adequately equipped with the latest technology in the field. He said while in most of the cases the police have to depend on the mobile companies for seeking details of calls, locations, cyber data analysis, mobile tests etc., all police stations in Australia are directly hooked up to online database of the cell companies through a special software.It may sound strange but it is true that in many cases it takes one to three days to get details of local and STD calls in India, while in Australia it takes just a few seconds to get the details, he added.Kumar, who is an Oracle certified ethical hacker since 2006, has trained the Uttar Pradesh, Maharashtra, Jharkhand and Delhi police in tracking cyber criminals, suggested that Bihar police which are also grappling with cybercrime cases, should use the service of ethical hackers to make headway in the investigations.Kumar is working independently as a computer and digital intelligence consultant. He has also authored one of the best- selling books on computer security, 'Ethical Hacking : A New dimension' and has so far organized over 200 workshops in educational institutions and government departments to create awareness on computer security and cyber crimes.\"Being a computer and digital intelligence consultant I believe that in the coming five years or so most of the crimes are going to be digitized and hence the Indian police at all the levels will have to be well- equipped to deal with such cases,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17305213", "title": "I just got lucky, says Suraj on 'Life Of Pi' role", "text": "The boy from Delhi who has played the lead in Ang Lee's adaptation of Yann Martel's novel \"The Life Of Pi\" was 17 when he signed the film. At 19, Suraj Sharma now feels like a different person.\"My entire life has undergone a change during these last two years. I feel different from inside. I think I've become a better human being. But I still don't now whether I can act or not,\" says Suraj, who feels he is more passionate about filmmaking than acting.\"The past year has changed me completely. I think I kinda grew up. I've learnt a billion things. It might sound melodramatic. But it's the truth. The most important thing I learnt is patience and endurance.\"Initially when we started preparing for the film, I used to grumble about all the intense physical training I had to go through. Then one day I went up to my instructor who had also become my very good friend and said: 'I know what you were trying to teach me. Most things are possible if you stop thinking whether you can succeed or not.Stop pressurising yourself. Just do what you have to do.'\"Suraj still looks back on the experience of shooting a script that features exotic animals and even more exotic actors like Irrfan, Tabu and Adil Husain with wonderment.\"I just followed them blindly. I was the only one in the cast and crew with no experience. Everybody around was knowledgable. Honestly, all I did was to listen to them. What else could I do? When you don't know what you're doing you might as well listen to those who do.\"In September at the New York Film Festival, Suraj saw himself on screen for the first time. \"It was the first time I saw the film in any other colour except blue. When we were shooting the whole film was being done in the blue colour.\"When I walked into the theatre, I thought: 'Oh my God, finally I'll be exposed. 'Kafi' awkward 'hoga' seeing myself for the first time. I had no experience in acting when I was signed. So I was naturally nervous. But when I saw the film, I suddenly saw all these vibrant colours and these stunning visuals.Suraj thinks acting is no big deal. \"Given the right circumstances, anyone can act. It's just about feeling the right emotions on cue. I think I'm okay in the film.Folklore has it that Suraj was chosen out of 3,000 candidates for the role of protagonist Pi Patel.Suraj is nonchalant. \"'Mere ko pataa tha'. I had heard about that. In Delhi, I had just gone to the audition as moral support to my brother who's an actor. I was just sitting around in the couch.\" Dilip Shankar, who's my brother's acting teacher advised me to give it a shot. I guess I just got lucky. I was finally told I had to go to Mumbai to meet Ang. Then I did my audition and I thought I had flunked.\"'Main apne lines bhool gaya, ha ha!'. I was pretty nervous. I thought Ang would kick me out then and there. Then I did the scene again. And I started crying. Yeah, I teared up during the scene. And I guess they liked it.\"Thereafter Suraj was called to Taiwan for training before the shooting. After being signed, he read the novel.\"Initially I didn't know what I was auditioning for. But the minute I found out what it was for I read up the novel, not once but thrice.... By then the script had arrived. So I turned to the script for a clearer interpretation.\"Suraj says his equation with his family and friends remains unchanged. \"Everyone around me is excited about the film. It's reassuring to come back to my normal life and to know they're still there for me, still the same. I try not to project myself as being someone different from what I was before I went into this film.\"Because of the shooting, Suraj's studies got affected. \"But in a strangely positive way. I finished shooting came back and did my Class 12 all over again. Before the movie I was a 50 percenter. Now after I came back from the shooting I scored 90 percent. The movie taught me to concentrate and work hard.\"So a career in the movies? Suraj is unsure. \"Let's see what comes my way. But I do know I want to be a filmmaker. I want to tell stories to the world.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17301348", "title": "'Maanja' cuts biker's neck", "text": "CHENNAI: A 31-year-old man sustained injuries when a 'maanja' (glass coated thread used to fly kites) cut his neck in Seven Wells in north Chennai on Sunday night. The man was riding a motorbike when a thread entangled his neck.Police said Renganathan, a car driver, was on his way home in Wall Tax Road, when he felt a thread entangle his neck. He lost balance of his motorbike and fell off his vehicle. Passersby rushed Renganathan to a government hospital. Doctors operated and removed pieces of glass from his neck. His condition is said to be stable.This is the second such incident this month. On November 13, a man was injured after a 'maanja' cut his neck on Mint flyover. Police arrested 19-year-old Ramesh for flying a kite using 'maanja'.After the incident, police arrested 21 people for flying kites using 'maanja'. \"We are checking shops for the sale of 'maanja'. We will keep tabs on shops to prevent such incidents,\" said joint commissioner of police (north) Shankar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "kokrajhar (assam)", "code": "17301942", "title": "The nowhere people of Assam: The relief camps are empty but people are not back home", "text": "KOKRAJHAR (ASSAM): The food is running out, children are falling ill, her only saree is fraying, and so is her spirit, rambles Zohra bewa, or Zohra the widow, as she introduces herself, stepping out of her makeshift home - a blue tarpaulin sheet propped up by bamboos.Displaced on July 24, when her home in Sapkata village was burned down, the middle-aged woman and her children joined the human tide of more than 4.8 lakh refugees swept into hundreds of relief camps across three districts of western Assam - the largest displacement seen in the country in recent times.Today, the number of people in relief camps has come down to 36,000-odd people. The emptying of the camps has led the outside world believe the worst is over. Even the government has showcased this as evidence of successful rehabilitation, downplaying the more revealing statistic - only 5,252 families have been given financial assistance by way of the official rehabilitation grant. Counting 10 members in each family, the number of beneficiaries comes to just 52,520 people, a fraction of those affected by the violence.To start with, only those whose houses were burned or damaged have been considered eligible for rehab assistance - a cheque of Rs 20,700, three bundles with 7 tin sheets each, four tarpaulin sheets, eight poles of bamboo, and a month of food rations. It is bad enough that the grant is barely enough to rebuild homes and lives, say people. Worse, many who lost homes have had to go without it, since they do not own land, an additional eligibility criteria insisted by the Bodoland Territorial Council in the first round of rehabilitation. But what is the worst of all, they point out, several thousands who left the relief camps, keen to get back in time for the harvest season, haven't made it back and find themselves stranded in between.Zohra is one of them. After nearly three months in Kathalguri relief camp, when she trekked back to her village in late October, she found her neighbours had propped up tents in a clearing outside the village. Their quarter of the village was not safe, they cautioned her, since it faced Bodo settlements. Better to live huddled with other Muslims. Soon, a hundred tents had sprung up in the clearing, a makeshift camp of sorts. In Horiyapet village, the makeshift settlement is even larger: a thousand tents scattered in the open, their blue and black plastic sheets glinting in the afternoon sun, sheltering people from as many as six villages.Unlike the government relief camp they left behind, where supplies of food and medicines trickled in regularly, drinking water tanks were chlorinated, latrines were fumigated, and NGO's unloaded bundles of clothes every now and then, in the makeshift camps, the people have been left to fend for themselves. \"We were given 10 days of ration but that's over,\" says Sobor Ali, who lives in Sapkata makeshift camp. \"We are trying to make do by selling bamboo and wood, but that barely brings in any money.\"District officials say they know of a large number of such makeshift camps in Gossaigaon division, the worst hit part of Kokrajhar district. They say they occasionally send food, but are wary of stepping up relief supplies to those who have returned home without going through the official process of rehabilitation, lest they be seen as aiding illegal immigrants. \"We are trying to address the problem,\" is all that Jayant Narlikar, the deputy commissioner of Kokrajhar, is willing to say.Meanwhile, as she wraps the pallu of her saree tighter around her shoulders, Zohra can sense the worst is not over -- with winter setting in, and no warm clothes available.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17301787", "title": "Eye on winter session, Centre's road largesse for UP, Tamil Nadu", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre has cleared big package of rural road proposals for Uttar Pradesh and Tamil Nadu, an olive branch ahead of the winter session of Parliament.While Uttar Pradesh received second big clearance from the Centre in the form of road upgrade of 7,000 km, Tamil Nadu has found favour after four years. The pre-empowered committee has cleared 3,088 km for the southern state which would cost Rs 1,133 crore. Rural development minister Jairam Ramesh has written to CM Jayalalithaa that the final decision of the empowered committee would not take more than a fortnight.The RD ministry's approval on UP and TN roads coincide with UPA looking for cooperation from political parties in the winter session. \"After a gap of four years, RD ministry considered proposal from TN for support under PMGSY,\" Jairam wrote to Jayalalithaa.While Jayalalithaa is opposed to the ruling combine comprising her arch-rival DMK, it is felt that even-handed treatment of TN would help soften the mercurial leader in the long run.Samajwadi Party has been cooperating with the Centre. But there is suspense over FDI in multi-brand retail to which SP is opposed, while parties \u00e2\u20ac\u201d led by Trinamool Congress \u00e2\u20ac\u201d are looking to force a resolution entailing voting on the issue. SP's vote against the retail measure would embarrass the government.Ramesh sent letters to CM Akhilesh Yadav, explaining he had kept his word to clear the road upgrade projects immediately after they were approved by the state. \"This is the second big approval from RD ministry. I told you in November that the Centre has cleared 1,223 km which would cost Rs 574 crore,\" he wrote.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17301215", "title": "Govt mulling to raise more revenues from airwaves auction", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "17302039", "title": "Bond Kalan double murder: Arrest accused by Nov 23, khap issues fresh ultimatum", "text": "ROHTAK: After the 48-hour ultimatum of the villagers ended on Tuesday morning, Pawar khap panchayat, comprising 32 villages, served fresh notice to the police to nab the Bond Kalan double murder accused Kulveer Singh by November 23.Village sarpanch Vinod Kumar said deputy commissioner A K Meena and SSP Bhiwani Simardeep Singh attended the panchayat and sought cooperation of villagers in the ongoing combing operations to trace the accused.The sarpanch stated that the villagers also demanded financial aid and government job to the sons of two brothers -- Kuldeep Singh and Rajinder Singh - who were murdered in Bond Kalan in Bhiwani on November 15. Haryana cooperation and housing minister and Dadri MLA Satpal Sangwan visited the bereaved family on Tuesday assured that he would take up their demand with the chief minister.Bhiwani SSP Simardeep Singh maintained that the villagers are cooperating with the police and the combing operation is going on in the village. \"The police have arrested two more accused involved in the murders. Those arrested have been identified as Pawan and Nakul, both brothers of the most-wanted criminal Kulveer, from Madhya Pradesh. One, Parvesh is already in police custody. We are hoping that Kulveer and Bhim, too, would be in police net soon,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17301870", "title": "Nod to reservation for disadvantaged kids", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a decision that will bring relief to disadvantaged students in Uttar Pradesh, the state cabinet on Tuesday approved a proposal to introduce a mandatory provision of 25% reservation for disadvantaged children under the Right to Education Act (RTE). Following the August 2012 amendment to the RTE Act 2009, the Centre had mandated that disadvantaged children should be able to avail the right to free education in private, aided and unaided minority schools. Following the cabinet's approval, the provision will now be made with effect from the academic session of 2013-14.In addition to accepting the Centre's amendments, the state cabinet also decided to prioritise admissions for students whose annual family income is less than Rs 35,000. After accommodating such students, the state government has then decided to give admissions to students whose annual family income is less than Rs 1 lakh.On Monday, a delegation of activists who met Governor BL Joshi had said UP schools were openly flouting RTE norms despite a Supreme Court ruling asking all private schools to reserve 25% seats for disadvantaged children. In addition, the cabinet also gave an in principal approval of an international level all-weather swimming pool in Mulayam Singh Yadav's native place Saifai village. To be built at a cost of Rs 103.21 crore, the pool, the cabinet said, would promote international sport in the state. Bringing relief to farmers in the state, the cabinet also said the provision on free water from state government-run tubewells and canals will be implemented with effect from the Kharif season 2012. An estimated budgetary provision of Rs 200 crore was made towards this.In other important decision effected by the state cabinet, the government has decided to set up a revolving fund of Rs 30 lakh for providing treatment to all serving and former state employees and their families at Sanjay Gandhi Post Graduate institute of Medical Sciences (SGPGI). Okaying a proposal to bring in guidelines -the UP Vidhan Sabha Secretariat Revolving Funds Rules 2012-to manage the funds, the cabinet also said an agreement between SGPGI and principal secretary, state assembly will be signed for managing the funds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "17303016", "title": "'Ragasthan' ends on a high note", "text": "JAISALMER: The most chilled-out festival 'Ragasthan' was organised at Kanoi Dunes, Jaisalmer, from November 16 to 18.Performance of band 'Rajasthan Roots' forced audience to groove along. The round-the-clock show saw performances by 240 artists from 50 bands that came from 25 countries.A motley of musicians spread their splendour in the desert setting. The magical ambience propelled the musicians and audiences on and festivities continued till early hours of November 19.The event, endorsed and supported by the Indian Council of Cultural Relations (ICCR), the Ministry of Culture, Incredible India and the Narcotics Control Bureau, has taken the first step towards ensuring a solidly backed and holistic festival. It is an eco-friendly festival working towards sustainable collaborations with local artisans.It showcased a unique blend of global musical styles making for an experience-of-a-lifetime for the young music lovers.Such a venue was chosen where music could tingle the soul. Where the mysterious surroundings seeped into the music.Bands of all genres including Rajasthani folk, Indian classical fusion, Spanish gypsy songs, ethnic punk, blues and techno-all found a place at the fest.The festival drew mostly young audiences from India and abroad.Indian bands like \"Rajasthan roots\" and \"Tritha\" left the crowds yearning for more. Electronica stage became the centre of activity during late nights with techno and pop music, especially for the audiences who stayed up all night to witness the sunrise. A little away was the Ammara stage was where the party-goers could make all the noise they wanted.Myriad tents showcased a range of arts and workshops. The Ujalo tent held late night movie screenings where one could sprawl on mats on a wintry night under a canopy of stars amid bonfires, the Udham tent was meant for the young ones to hang out. Adventure activities like flying kites, paragliding, hot air ballooning, sand surfing and sand boarding were on offer. There were concerns about high decibel music at night disturbing the environment. Looking to which the organizing committee kept the noise level low. The artists enthused by audience response performed in open sessions with the audience jamming along.The event with its unusual mix of musical genres was a first-of-its-kind concept that bound the artists in a common thread.The mornings kickstarted with the notes of local tribal music and the day ended with pshycodellic trance.The locals also flocked to the event in good numbers. Though still a fledgling festival, Ragasthan is poised to attract huge audiences from India and abroad and grow into an international event.Jaisalmer: For the first time in India, music, movies and literature programme named 'Ragasthan' was organised at Kanoi Dunes in Thar Desert of Jaisalmer from November 16 to 18. The three-day festival held for three days and nights in the open sand dunes where music lovers listened to live music, watched movies under the star lit sky and enjoyed camel safari, participated in workshops and shopped at nomad market etc.The band 'Rajasthan Roots' performance forced audience to dance to their music. The event that started on November 16 continued till 19th morning. The programme went round the clock in which around 240 artists from 50 bands around 25 countries of the world, spread their musical splendour in the beautiful Thar Sand dunes setting.A diverse collection of musicians from all corners of the world delighted the crowd. Although, the programme was scheduled from November 16 to 18, but the surroundings, atmosphere forced the musicians and audience to continue with the programme till November 19 early morning.This event is endorsed and supported by the Indian Council of Cultural Relations (ICCR), the Ministry of Culture, Incredible India and the Narcotics Control Bureau, Ragasthan has taken the first step forward in ensuring a solidly backed and holistic festival.This was an effort to discover, support and showcase sustainable collaboration initiatives between musicians, literary figures as well as nature conservationists and heritage experts within India and across the globe, Ragasthan is not just a celebration - it is the beginning of an era, a coming together of Nomads on the lost desert trails of Rajasthan.Very Aptly named Ragasthan, was organised at the picturesque location of Kanoi Sand Dunes near Jaisalmer. Ragasthan, a unique blend on global musical styles had all the ingredients for delivering a perfect experience for all young music lovers in an international style.The organizing committee organised this great three day long musical extravaganza in remote destination where music tingled the soul. It was a combination of natural surroundings and live music.There were bands in all genres including Rajasthani folk, Indian Classical fusion, Spanish Gypsy songs, Ethnic punk, Blues and Techno.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17303202", "title": "Pune college plans centre of excellence for heritage studies", "text": "PUNE: The Deccan College Postgraduate and Research Institute may soon get a centre of excellence for heritage-related research studies. The college estimates it will need Rs 5 crore for the project and has submitted a proposal for a grant to the University Grants Commission (UGC).Deccan College director Vinayak Bhatta has said that the grant would most likely be approved under the 12th five-year Plan.Deccan College specialises in three heritage-related studies - Sanskrit literature, archaeology and linguistics. \"There are very few universities in the country that conduct research in these fields. Hence, the experts at the college conceived the plan to establish such a centre,\" said Bhatta.The Centre of Excellence is aimed at accelerating the current research in the three fields. The archaeology department has undertaken a large number of field research programmes, including major excavations at prehistoric, early historic and medieval sites in various parts of the country. However, Bhatta said, research studies were equally important to draw inferences on field activities.In 1958, the college started the country's first formal postgraduate degree course in linguistics. The department concentrates on the core branches of linguistics as well as on applied aspects of the discipline. \"With the changing language needs of the industry, it is important that studies are carried out to gauge the transformation in languages in the country. The centre will undertake such studies and highlight the sea change that Indian languages have gone through,\" Bhatta said.The college also specialises in Sanskrit and lexicography and has an illustrious tradition of Sanskrit studies. The Sanskrit and lexicography department consists of experts well-versed in various fields, such as Veda, Vedanta, Dramaturgy, Dharmashastra, Buddhism, Jainism and Tantras. Bhatta said the potential of the department can be utilised to conduct research in these particular topics, which is rarely carried out in other universities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17302708", "title": "Over 1,500 govt officials, cops caught driving drunk every month", "text": "NAGPUR: Over 1,500 police and government officials are caught driving drunk every month in Nagpur. However, these functionaries, who are required to stand up to strict disciplinary standards in private life too, face no action other than the customary fines, and sometimes not even that. The police department also does not have any way to trace repeat offenders, either regular citizens or government staffers.Government employees are bound by strict disciplinary rules in office as well as out of it. However, that does not stop many from driving drunk. Even cops, who are charged with carrying out campaigns against drunk driving, are regularly caught driving under the influence of alcohol.A Right to Information (RTI) reply furnished by the traffic department says that over 1,500 government employees, including policemen, have been caught every month in the last three years for driving in a drunken stupor. However, the traffic department does not maintain data of action taken against police and government personnel.Figures for the eight months of 2012 show that 12,246 government personnel, including policemen, were found driving under the influence of liquor. As against the average of around 1,530 so far this year till August, the average was 1,501 in 2011. In 2010, the average of government and police personnel getting caught for drunk driving was 1,716. In 2009, the monthly average was as high as 2,013 persons.However, these unruly acts of government employees seem to be having little repercussion on the errant personnel. They always get away with simple penalties as per section 185 of the Motor vehicle Act, 1988, said a police officer.Deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Jeevraj Dabhade said that strict action should be initiated by the respective department, since government employees are expected to follow decorum in public places. \"We have infrastructural issues in conducting probes and sending reports to various departments about the action taken against their employees for driving drunk. But such persons surely deserve departmental action also against them,\" said Dabhade.Activist Tushar Mandlekar said offenders under provisions 184 and 185 of MV Act, 1988, for dangerous driving and driving by a drunk person respectively, can be arrested. \"The Maharashtra Civil Service (Conduct) Rules 1979 state that a government employee is deemed suspended if he or she spends more than 48 hours behind bars. However, police spare most offenders with some fine or sometime even without it under dubious circumstances,\" said Mandlekar. He added that the police also delay sending the charge sheet, besides ensuring that in the long run the charge sheet ends up helping the offender go scot free.Mandlekar also said that police seldom maintain records about first or subsequent offences by any offender caught driving drunk. \"When there are provisions for stringent action for subsequent offences, there should also be a proper system in place to indicate promptly whether someone has been caught for the first or second time,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "17301188", "title": "Double murder in Bond Kalan: Villagers still live in fear", "text": "ROHTAK: Having seen the reign of terror unleashed by a dreaded gangster, Kulveer Singh, for five long years, people in around 10 villages of Bhiwani district are still living in constant fear despite presence of heavy posse of police, who are searching for the accused, who has committed double murder in Bond Kalan village.The farmers have not even been going to the fields out of fear of the fugitive as police are engaged in combing operation in these villages. He was convicted for life in a murder case in 2002 and had jumped parole in 2007 and got engaged in criminal activities in the region. For last five days, farmers have stopped going to their fields as the criminal has not yet been nabbed. Farmers are even delaying sowing of rabi crops, including wheat, mustard in hope that the accused would soon be nabbed. And if it's urgent to visit the fields for sowing or irrigating their crops, the farmers go to the fields under police cover.\"Despite the heavy deployment of police, villagers are not feeling safe while working in the fields\" said village sarpanch Vinod Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17304745", "title": "'Thuppakki' earns Rs 65.32 crore in opening week", "text": "'Thuppakki' starring Vijay and Kajal Aggarwal collected Rs 65.32 crore worldwide in its opening week. The film, directed by AR Murugadoss, opened on Diwali, Nov 13, and hit over 1,000 screens worldwide.The film collected Rs 65.32 crore worldwide in the first week. In Tamil Nadu , 'Thuppakki' minted Rs 45.60 crore in the first six days and it continues to run to packed houses.\"Thuppakki collected Rs 1.18 crore in Britain, Rs 1.76 crore in the US and Rs 37.99 lac in Australia, in its opening weekend,\" says a trade analyst.The movie's story is about a captain from the Indian army, played by Vijay, who is on a vacation in Mumbai and gets involved in a terrorist scheme, which turns out to be bigger than anticipated.Kajal Aggarwal, Satyan, Mano Bala, Vidyut Jamwal and Jayaram feature in key roles in the film, which has music by Harris Jeyaraj and cinematography by Santosh Sivan .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17302306", "title": "West Bengal may waive Rs 150 crore due from sick PSUs", "text": "KOLKATA: The cash-strapped Mamata Banerjee-government has decided to walk the extra mile for sick PSUs. It will waive the Rs 150 crore due to the government from 58 sick industrial units in the state.The amnesty comes one-and-a-half year after Mamata took over as the Bengal chief minister. Reopening of thousands of closed factories and reviving sick industries was one of the main priorities of the Trinamool before the 2011 Assembly elections. The agenda featured in the \"vision document\" provided with the party's election manifesto. The party had promised to achieve the task within 100 days of coming to power.But the industrial reconstruction department has been practically without work all this time - even the website created to announce policies adopted by the department couldn't go beyond the opening page. The new government has been shying away from policies relating to sick PSUs all this time, making the latest move all the more significant.The government, which is in dire need of funds, has decided to take the sacrificial decision to allow some leeway to the sick units. Since 1990, the Bengal government has extended a loan of about Rs 173 crore to about 58 industrial units at different points of time. Of this, the government has so far managed to recover only about Rs 23 crore.The industries which were offered credit by the government mostly include jute mills, textile units and engineering factories. \"The government doesn't want to waste any more time getting into legal battles with these units which are already under a lot of fiscal stress,\" said an official at Writers' Buildings. On the contrary, officials were asked to work on the scheme that would help the sick units get rid of the burden.Officials said they had been working on the scheme for the last six months and were now ready with the provision. The file has been sent to the chief minister for her approval.The amnesty scheme is likely to waive interest up to 75%, depending on the merit of the case. For industries which have already paid the principal, the interest waiver would be 75%. In other cases, the interest waiver would vary from 35 to 65%. The waiver scheme could be availed by the industries three months after the announcement.Officials said the new scheme would be a prelude to the larger policy which will come up some time later. The new government has been considering selling assets of a few sick and closed units and reviving those which are potentially viable.The waiver would make a beginning in reviving those with potentials. The government will also rope in the Indian Statistical Institute to conduct a study for assessing the sick factories. Labour groups put the figure at 55,000, including 400 major large-scale units and 361 state and central PSUs which are under the Board for Industrial and Financial Reconstruction ( BIFR), the central agency tasked with reviving ailing companies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "17301841", "title": "Warning against vector-borne diseases", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: The density of Culex gelidus mosquitoes, a vector of Japanese encephalitis (JE) and West Nile fever is high in the district.National Institute of Virology (NIV), Kerala unit, officer-in-charge Dr B Anukumar said the Culex breeds in stagnant polluted water having organic waste. \"There is no flow in the water bodies as the rain is deficient in the district and that creates favourable condition for them to breed,'' Anukumar said.National Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), Alappuzha unit assistant director Dr R Rajendran said there was an outbreak of JE in Kuttanad during 1996. Then various breeds such as Mansonia uniformis, Mansonia annulifera, Anopheles subpictus and Culex tritaeniorhynchus were found as the vectors of the JE. The density of these mosquitoes was normally high during the summer especially from January to April. There was presence of Culex gelidus in Kuttanad at that time but it could not be incriminated as the vector of the JE. \"However, in 2011, during the rainy season nearly 32 JE cases were reported from Alappuzha town. It was then we realized that Culex gelidus transmitted the JE. Now, its density is high in Cherthala municipality, Mararikkulam, Mararikkulam North,Vayalar, Kadakkarapally and Pattanakadu areas. In these areas, an expert mosquito catcher can collect 100 to 150 Culex gelidus per hour. The life span of this mosquito is around a month and they bite human beings during night,'' said Rajendran.Culex gelidus is zoophagic (ie. they attack animals for blood). However, when the density of this mosquito rises, they began to attack human beings for blood. During this process the mosquitoestransmit the JE virus, which entered their body from the animals, to human beings.\"Stagnant water contains weeds, grasses and wastes, which are the main reason for the high density of the Culex mosquitoes. So people should clear the grasses and bushes from the compound of their houses and also clear the stagnant polluted water. If we are unable to prevent the density of this mosquito, it will pave the way for the outbreak of JE soon in the district,'' said the scientists of the NIV and the NCDC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "biharsharif", "code": "17302561", "title": "Biharsharif likely to get 'model city' status", "text": "BIHARSHARIF: If things go well Biharsharif town will be one among the developed model cities in the country in the next 18 years, as the Biharsharif municipal corporation has finalized a city development plan with the state urban development ministry and a London-based architect firm, recently.According to the proposed plan, Rs 620.22 crore will be spent in three phases on the development of water facilities, drainage, sewerage, roads, social infrastructure, urban poverty eradication etc. in the next 18 years. First phase of the development work is proposed to be completed in 2016 with a plan outlay of Rs. 103.01crore. In the second phase, Rs. 249.23crore will be spent and work would be completed in 2021 and the final phase will be completed in 2030 with an expenditure of Rs267.98crore.As per the plan, a maximum of Rs 208.31crore will be spent on water facilities in the next 18 years followed by 146.77crore proposed to be spent on sewerage and sanitation during the same period. Rs 188.10crore on road construction, 32.51crore on solid waste management, 24.91crore on social infrastructure, whereas Rs 6.94crore are proposed to be spent on the development of roads till 2030.Mayor Sudhir Kumar said the proposal will be placed before the councillors in the next meeting for their approval and the work on the plan will be started soon. DM Nalanda Sanjay Kumar Agarwal said, \"Soon Biharsharif will be among the developed cities in the country and the work on the proposed plan will start shortly.\"State urban development minister Prem Kumar recently said in Biharsharif that the state government has identified 55 town to upgrade them to model cities with an investment of Rs. 12000crore. He said half of the proposed expenditure will be borne by the state government and for the rest half they wanted the Central government to contribute and in case the Centre refuses, as in the case of granting special status to Bihar, then other options would be looked into including roping in foreign agencies interested in the development of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17303247", "title": "6 months on, corpn still to assign UGD work to new firm", "text": "COIMBATORE: The third package of the underground drainage project of the city municipal corporation is literally caught in a limbo at the moment. The civic body had terminated the contract of a Hyderabad based private firm due to poor co-ordination and lack of quality more than six months ago, but the catch for city residents especially those in the areas coming under the scope of the project is that underground drainage work has come to a grinding halt and the corporation is yet to officially award fresh tenders to resume the work at the earliest.But the situation is further worsened as a delay finding a replacement UGD contractor has resulted in a ripple effect on the other developmental works especially road maintenance works in the north zone. As per the norms, UGD work is given priority over road maintenance which is taken up only after the UDG lines are laid and connections are given to the residents. The logic behind this is that there is no point conducting road maintenance before completion of underground drainage as roads, as roads have to be dug up again to lay the pipes.\"We have been constantly reminding the corporation officials that road maintenance and other works are being stalled as there is no replacement contractor to resume the underground drainage work,\" said P Rajkumar, North Zone Chairman, Coimbatore Municipal Corporation.The civic body had blacklisted the Hyderabad based private contractor entrusted with the third package of laying drainage lines due to repeated complaints of delay and shoddy quality of work. The package covering 297 km is the biggest part of the total project and out of this only 75.9 km has been completed so far. The firm had commenced work on October 19, 2010 and was required to finish the package on February 28, 2012.Though the drainage pipelines have been laid in the 75km stretch, household connections are yet to be given. Residential areas in Ganapathy and surrounding areas are the main affected areas where residents are clueless when work will resume. \"Work has not resumed. We are waiting for clearance from the government,\" said a senior corporation official.According to sources in the corporation, a fresh tender was opened for the third package on April 11, 2012 and two private firms have expressed their interest in completing the project. The names have been forwarded to the municipal administration department of the state government for clearance. The corporation has been asked for some clarifications about these private firms and hence officially none of the parties have been entrusted with the responsibility of resuming the third package of the underground drainage project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17305050", "title": "Sarah and Freddie Prinze Jr named their son Rocky", "text": "Sarah Michelle Gellar and her husband Freddie Prinze Jr, who welcomed their second child, a baby boy, into the world last week, have named the newborn Rocky.The celebrity couple already have a 3-year-old daughter Charlotte from their ten-year-marriage.\"Sarah Michelle and Freddie Prinze Jr are thrilled to announce that they welcomed a baby son into the world this past week,\" the Mirror quoted the couple as saying in a statement.\"Mother and baby are doing great. And Charlotte is very excited to be a big sister,\" the couple said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17302893", "title": "Yuvi, tale of a fighter", "text": "MUMBAI: Torn between his father's unrelenting expectations and mother's unconditional love, not knowing what career meant at a tender age of 11, having to give up on personal choices to make cricket the only objective in life, and much later fighting cancer to make a heroic comeback in international cricket make Yuvraj Singh's life thus far worth chronicling.And that is precisely what veteran cricket writer Makarand Waingankar has done, in his book on the World Cup winning allrounder 'Yuvi' which was released in Mumbai on Tuesday at the hands of former India captain Kapil Dev.Yograj Singh, who started his cricket alongside Dev, and at one time was described as an equal talent, if not better, had failed to further his career like his world famous teammate. The angst in him, having grown over a period of time, drove Yograj uncontrollable in his blinkered-vision to see Yuvraj turn into a 'great cricketer'.The story of a young boy, that began with a father's dream, and how it eventually turned out, in the backdrop of his parents' troubled marriage, a hectic social lifestyle, two heroic World Cup victories, and an unforeseen illness that threatened to be cancerous, has all been well recorded by Waingankar.'Yuvi' talks about the cricketer's life in three equal parts beginning from his birth in Chandigarh and the formative years, to his debut in international cricket and the unending potential, and finally the return after fighting a rare germ-cell illness.Yuvraj's parents Yograj and Shabnam, former national selectors and former India cricketers - who have mostly been in awe of the batsman's talent - talk about various aspects of his game, the fighter in him, where and how he faltered when he did, and how success in Test cricket still eludes him.The book is certainly a deeper insight into the life of one of the game's genuinely talented allrounders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "shravasti", "code": "17304797", "title": "Monkey attack claims woman's life", "text": "SHRAVASTI: A woman fell from roof top after being attacked by a monkey . She was admitted to the district hospital where she died during treatment. The deceased was identified as Pramila Devi (48), a resident of Bhikharipur under Gilaula police station. Parmila was drying clothes on the roof top when the simian attacked her. She received serious injuries on her hands, leg and head. She was taken to the primary health centre at Gilaula where doctors referred her to Bahraich district hospital but she died during treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17305899", "title": "Parvathy Omanakuttan waiting for good films", "text": "Beauty queen-turned-actress Parvathy Omanakuttan who paired opposite Ajith in 'Billa 2 is waiting for a good opportunity. She will next been seen in Mollywood in Baiju Johnson's KQ.The actress says she is no hurry to sign films and is willing to wait for the right script. She made her debut in Tamil in Billa 2 and did catch a few eyeballs.Parvathy Omanakuttan says she doesn't plan everything she does and is also not keen to working in a particular language alone and is open to work in different languages as long as the script suits her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17302686", "title": "Early morning prayers by the lake conclude festivities", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Rituals and devotion marked Chhath Puja celebrations as it concluded on Tuesday. Scores of devotees assembled at Sector 42 lake early in the morning. As the Sun rose at the crack of dawn, women lit their earthen lamps at the bank of the lake and offered \"thekva\" (\"prasad\" made of wheat flour, ghee and sugar), fruits and water to the \"bright\" god.Despite the cold weather, people stood in the lake to give offerings to the rising Sun. Though the Sun rose around 7am, crowds had started gathering from 4am onwards. After 36 hours of fasting, people broke their fast amid mantras, prayers and devotional songs.After the morning puja, everyone distributed \"prasad\" to each other and savoured hot ginger tea prepared at a stall set up by Purvanchal Welfare Association (PWA), Chandigarh.\"After the puja, devotees take ginger tea or 'gur' to break the fast. And then, \"prasad\" is distributed,\" said Sangeeta Shandilya, a resident of Sector 19.About the \"prasad\", Rajni Sharma of Sector 54 said, \"Even the rich seek 'prasad' at a Chhath ghat. It shows that everyone is a seeker before the almighty.\"After breaking their fast, devotees started returning home to share \"prasad\" with friends and relatives. \"We will first visit our near and dear ones to offer and take 'prasad'. The Chhath 'prasad' is quite auspicious,\" said Madhuri Krishan, a resident of Sector 34.At the lake, people also participated in a signature campaign organized by the PWA. \"We have been demanding land for setting up Purvanchal Bhawan. About 1,500 people participated in its signature campaign. We will forward our request to the UT officials,\" said P N Shahi, secretary of Purvanchal Welfare Association, Chandigarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "17302020", "title": "Double murder in Bond Kalan: Villagers live in fear even as cops start combing op", "text": "ROHTAK: Having seen the reign of terror unleashed by a dreaded gangster, Kulveer Singh, for five long years, people in around 10 villages of Bhiwani district are still living in constant fear despite presence of heavy posse of police, who are searching for the accused, who has committed double murder in Bond Kalan village.The farmers have not even been going to the fields out of fear of the fugitive as police are engaged in combing operation in these villages. He was convicted for life in a murder case in 2002 and had jumped parole in 2007 and got engaged in criminal activities in the region.For last five days, farmers have stopped going to their fields as the criminal has not yet been nabbed. Farmers are even delaying sowing of rabi crops, including wheat, mustard in hope that the accused would soon be nabbed. And if it's urgent to visit the fields for sowing or irrigating their crops, the farmers go to the fields under police cover.\"Despite the heavy deployment of police, villagers are not feeling safe while working in the fields. Farmers fear that he could hold anybody hostage or harm them,\" said village sarpanch Vinod Kumar while talking to TOI on Tuesday. Another villager Nayan Pal said Kulveer was extremely unpredictable and he seemed to have mastered the art of hiding. \"He is heavily armed so he could use any villager as shield to run away,\" he said.Bhiwani SP Simardeep Singh said, \"We have advised farmers to take police cover while visiting fields. We suspect that the accused could be hiding there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17318508", "title": "Keltron bags 40cr order for installing speed detectors", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Motorists who zip past beyond the permitted speed limit on roads across Kerala beware! As many as 100 automatic speed violation detectors will be installed at 50 spots in six accident prone stretches across the state in about nine months to track those violating the speed limit.Keltron has bagged a state government order worth Rs 40 crore for the project from the police department to install the speed detectors. \"In the first phase, 100 automatic speed violation detectors will be installed at 50 spots in six accident prone roads across the state. The detectors, which will be installed within nine months, will capture images and send them to the control room in Thiruvananthapuram,\" Keltron chief general manager Michael Suresh told TOI on Tuesday. After installation, the enforcement will be by the Police Department and Motor Vehicles Department, with technical support from Keltron. Indigenously developed and designed by Keltron, these detectors will automatically search and print addresses from the database, said S P Gopakumar, project manager at Keltron.\"Unlike the speed governors in other countries, which are either suited to detecting the reflective or non-reflective mode of number plates in vehicles, the ones developed by Keltron is tuned to detect both reflective and non-reflective number plates on vehicles,\" Gopakumar said.After implementing the first phase, another 50 automatic speed detectors will be installed at 25 locations in the second phase, he said. In the first phase, the six accident prone stretches where the detector will be installed include: The 61 km stretch from Kovalam to Kottiyam that reported 141 accident related deaths on an average in a year, 93 km stretch from Venjaramoodu to Chenganoor that reported 132 accidental deaths in a year, 69 km stretch from Shakthikulangara to Ambalapuzha that reported 161 accidental deaths in a year, 24 km long Alappuzha to Changanassery stretch that reported 30 deaths in a year and 40 km stretch from Kodungaloor to Irinjalakuda that reported 37 deaths.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17300790", "title": "Elegy stirs passion at gatherings for Moharram", "text": "MUMBAI: When Lata Mangeshkar sang the marsiya (elegy) Hussain jabse chale for the film Shankarhusain, she could not help marvel at the beauty of its craft. Soft as a lullaby with no use of musical instruments, it allowed listeners to direct all focus on the tragedy of Karbala.\"This tune originates from the Lucknow tradition of mourning. It was appreciated by listeners of all communities,\" Khayyam says.Through the first 10 days of the ongoing Islamic month of Moharram leading up to Ashura, exclusive assemblies are held where Shia men and women separately recite the marsiya, songs that narrate the massacre of Karbala. Mourners are driven to tears at recalling the martyrdom of Imam Hussain's clan of 72, from Hazrat Abbas to the six-month-old baby Aliasghar.Graphic descriptions of severed limbs, bloodied martyrs and thirsty women and kids make participants reflect on Imam Hussain's steadfastness in the face of Yazid's tyranny.Dressed in black, the Shia Muslims of Versova have been thronging the imambada of Daray Zainab every day. \"The scene of Karbala complete with the alam (flag) is recreated here. The cradle of Aliasghar, the youngest martyr, evokes anguish,\" says scholar Ali Javed Zaidi.His wife Shaheen led TOI through the women's session where she joined the repeated chorus of blessings for Hussain's kin. \"Each day is dedicated to different chapters from the battle of Karbala, telling stories of Hazrat Abbas, Hazrat Ali and finally Imam Hussain whose clan was killed at 4pm on Ashura day. Not just imambadas, even individual households organize mourning sessions,\" she says.In Versova a mullani or female scholar sat on a podium fashioned like steps and began to recite in a trembling voice. She sang how Hussain sacrificed his household for the community, how his kin were deprived of water till they died. As the evening gathered momentum, a little girl aged four or five led the chants and the assembly dissolved in matam (mourning).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17301424", "title": "Gangland to get swanky skyline", "text": "Vyasarpadi's skyline is set to change with a government project to replace thatched huts on Murthingar Street with apartment blocks. The huts have encroached into a lake bed behind Dr Ambedkar Government college. The Tamil Nadu Slum Clearance Board (TNSCB) will start building 960 apartments in January for those living on the lake bed. The project is estimated to cost `66.99 crore. For the past few years, Vyasarpadi, once known for its high crime rate, has been undergoing a change. The crime graph has dipped, and land prices and rents are rising. Houses are being replaced by commercial complexes.The government gave TNSCB approval to build flats in 2010. \"We conducted a survey with the help of the revenue officials. We found that 734 families live on Murthingar Street. We took the list of residents who have proper ration cards,\" said a TNSCB official. The slum clearance board will build 10 seven-storey blocks with 96 apartments each. Each family will get a 400 sqft flat. \"We will shift the people living on Murthinga Street to facilitate construction.Tenders have been called and a company from Mumbai was the only bidder. Work will probably start by January,\" the official said. Work will have to be completed within a year. After allotting flats to listed residents, people who have been living in dilapidated TNSCB houses in Pulianthope will get apartments.The government decided to build apartment blocks to save the lake between Murthingar Street and Dr Ambedkar College Road. The lake, which spread across 700 acres in the 1960s, has shrunk to 180 acres as it was filled with debris, and houses built on it. Once people relocated to the flats, the lake will rejuvenate itself and lead to an increase in the water table in the area, officials said. A TNSCB official said, \"This is the first move by the state government to provide proper homes for people living in cramped houses. Following this, many other huts will be replaced with highrise buildings. We are aiming to give Vyasarpadi and other areas a new look.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17302643", "title": "Ahmedabad's literary heritage goes virtual", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A mammoth and sensitive digitization project is underway at the city's oldest library - Pirmohammed Shah Library and Research Center in Pankornaka. Scriptures dating back to the seventh century are in this rich repository and so are original documents of city's founder Sultan Ahmed Shah with his official seals. Helping them in this effort is the Islamic Republic of Iran.A team of six experts from Delhi's Iran Culture House is camping in the city with digitalization machines and other equipment.\"Around 1,000 manuscripts have been digitalized already. The whole process will take around three to four months. An auto-focus camera captures each page of the manuscript which is then processed in many layers in Photoshop. A systematic record of the details like - the name of the book, author, book code and number of pages is maintained,\" said Jari Abbas, 25, from Iran Culture House.\"The project was first discussed with His Excellency of Iran Aqa-i-Saiyad Mehdi Nabizadeh when he visited this library in 2010,\" says director of the library Mohaiyuddin Bombaywala, 80, a former professor of Persian language in Gujarat Vidhyapith.Bombaywala adds that there are 4,000 rare manuscripts in the library. Total books available in the library exceeds 20,000 which includes books in Arabic, Persian, Urdu, old Urdu (Gujri), Gujarati, English and Hindi.The books and manuscripts pertain to Quaran, Hadis, Kirat, Sufism, grammar, history, geography, literature, music and research. \"For me, this library is national heritage,\" he says. After retiring from Gujarat Vidyapith, Bombaywala devoted himself to the library. \"It is my business, hobby and passion. The digitization of manuscripts is being undertaken to make them accessible to researchers and scholars. These microfilms will lasts as long as 100 years,\" says Bombaywala.Treasure of raritiesIf you are interested in rarities like1,000-year-old book on astronomy or farmans or religious commentaries from the sultanate and Mughal periods, Hazrat Pirmohammed Shah Library is the place to be.In 1857, the concept of public library was first brought to the city. It was during this time that a scholar Hazrat Pir Mohammed Shah of Bijapur, had gone to Mecca, to study scriptures and when he returned, he got a bunch of 800 to 1,000 rare Arabic manuscripts.This was the first lot of manuscripts that led to establishment of the library in 1910. A rare manuscript, which is the fourteenth chapter of Mahabharat containing the description of Pandu Raja written in Persian by a 'nagar brahmin' of Khambhat is also preserved here.The library, apart from the Mughal farmans, has manuscripts written by Mughal emperor Aurangzeb. The library also has a two-meter-long strip of cloth Khatt-e Gubar on which the whole Quaran is written. The first translation of Quaran in Persian language is also preserved here. Al Baruni, who accompanied Mehmud Ghaznavi during the assault on Somnath Temple, had written a descriptive book on India. The book written by him on astronomy, Gurt-ul Jiyat, is also preserved here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17302273", "title": "Mamata Banerjee to address honchos at PanIIT meet", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee will deliver the keynote address at the PanIIT 2012 convention in Kolkata on December 7. It's perhaps the best opportunity she has had in her 18-month tenure to showcase Bengal as an investment destination before a global audience.PanIIT is the organization of IIT alumni across the globe whose motto is nation building. The likes of APJ Abdul Kalam, Manmohan Singh, Bill Clinton , Bill Gates, Hillary Clinton, former CEO of General Electric Jack Welch and former global CEO of Vodafone Arun Sarin have delivered the keynote address from the PanIIT podium.The global convention is held every year alternatively in the US and India. The last one was held at New York.Mamata will be addressing a gathering of over 1,500 top executives of multinational companies, along with NRI entrepreneurs. PanIIT chairman Sandipan Chakravorty told TOI that Mamata has agreed to deliver the keynote address and light the lamp.\"There will be a session on Bengal after the chief minister's speech. This is a rare opportunity to project Bengal as an investment destination before a truly global audience. This is happening in Kolkata for the first time and perhaps the only time in the next 10-15 years. We had to work hard to organize this convention in Kolkata,\" Chakravorty said.Only three Indian cities have hosted this convention since it was launched in San Jose in 2002 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Bangalore, Delhi and Mumbai.Over 60% of the participants are CEOs, policy makers, consultants, planners, and decision makers from the private and public sector.This edition of PanIIT will have speakers like Lord Kumar Bhattacharya, the director of Warwick Manufacturing Group of UK and the member of the succession panel of Ratan Tata, N R Narayana Murthy, Nandan Nilekani, Tata Sons director R Gopalkrishnan, Microsoft India MD Bhaskar Pramanik, HCL Infosystems CEO Harsh Chitala, Tata Steel vice-chairman B Muthuraman and founder of Morgan Creek Capital Mark Yusko. Union ministers Kapil Sibal, Sashi Tharoor, Jairam Ramesh and Ajit Singh will attend the convention.\"Ajit Singh and Jairam Ramesh are IIT alumni, along with Goa chief minister Manohar Parrirkar. There will be a session for neighbouring states like Assam, Jharkhand and Chattisgarh. Tarun Gogoi, Arjun Munda and Raman Singh will also address the gathering,\" Chakravorty said,", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17302166", "title": "Metro rail may run over 328 trees in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Hyderabad Metro Rail (HMR) wants to get rid of more than 320 trees to make way for multi-level parking facilities in the heart of the city. Worrying environmentalists said it will only increase air pollution and rob locals of little lung space in the city.The HMR authorities have sought permission for the removal of 328 trees and an application has been filed with the Andhra Pradesh forest department to remove or relocate 105 trees in Punjagutta, 160 trees in Errummanzil Colony, 18 trees near Hi-Tec City in Madhapur and 45 trees in Balanagar. The Tree Protection Committee (TPC), which met on November 15, said it would inspect these sites on November 28 and take a final call on it.According to metro officials, 25 locations have been identified in different parts of the city meant for multi- layered parking facilities with skywalks, lifts or escalators meant to channel between these parking spaces and metro stations.Forest officials say that the decision would be taken as per the WALTA Act, 2002, which conserves and protects water bodies, ground water, trees and land. \"We had an elaborate discussion on this issue and would be inspecting these sites soon. The removal of trees will only be allowed if it is necessary. If there are any ficus or other species in these sites which can be translocated, then we will allow,\" D Nagabhushanam, the divisional forest officer, said on Tuesday.\"For every other tree removed, five new plants have to be planted which should grow to a minimum height of 1.5 metres and also should be of indigenous variety,\" Nagabhushanam, member, TPC, said. Till now, around 4000 trees have been removed for the metro project. These trees were removed from Nagole, Mettuguda, Ameerpet and Madhapur among others.Though metro rail authorities have been conducting plantation and translocation drives to make up for this green cover loss, these are mostly on the outskirts of the city. \"What the metro authorities are showing about the plantations are just mere numbers. One should not forget that it is uncertain on how they will be maintained over the years or where they are exactly located,\" C Ramchandraiah, a city-based social scientist said.\"Hyderabad has inadequate lung space and taking away more trees from within the city and planting them far from the city would not bring any respite to the citizens,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17302990", "title": "CM announces laptops for university students", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government will reward 1,000 meritorious students of every department of all universities with laptops from this session. \"The government is committed to promote higher education and research. I will ask the higher education department to work on this proposal,\" said chief minister Ashok Gehlot during the inaugural ceremony of Law College Students Union of Rajasthan University.Speaking on the occasion, he said giving away laptops to university students is in line with the government's efforts to provide 44,000 laptops to toppers in classes VIII, X and XII students. He said that state's 3% budget was meant for promoting IT in the state will be utilized for this scheme. The announcement received a huge applause from the students gathered to hear him at Ghumar Pandal in University.Gehlot also extended government's full support to state universities to carry out recruitment processes. He asked the vice-chancellor of RU to make recruitment a regular process. \"Recruitments should be made a time- bound process,\" he said.He also assured university teachers of considering a relaxation in retirement age from 58 to 62 years.He took a dig at anti-corruption movement in Delhi, said, \"Youths were carried away by them for some time but now they were left high and dry. In a similar manner, during JP movement hordes of people had joined them but later Jayaprakash Narayan regretted to have committed a mistake by uprooting a Congress government's good governance.\"Talking on the importance of university elections, Gehlot said that our seven MLAs were former student leaders from Rajasthan University and this talks in volumes about the contribution of this university in Rajasthan politics. He again clarified that the proposed World-Class University will come up only in Jaipur while inaugurating the students' union office at Rajasthan College.\"At present, we have 22 government, 33 private and 9 deemed universities apart from 1,471 colleges. Besides the newly established central government institutes including--IIT-Jodhpur,IIM-Udaipur and the proposed IIIT-Kota have surely put the state on the path of becoming an education hub.BL Sharma, vice-chancellor of Rajasthan University told the CM that they have scheduled courses, exams and results on time. Jaipur MP Mahesh Joshi has announced a grant of Rs 11 lakh to Law department for carrying several academic and non-academic activities.CAUGHT IN THE WEB44,000 meritorious students of Classes VIII,, X and XII are still waiting for their special learning laptops announced by state government during annual budget 2012. The government is still facing trouble in procuring laptops even after tenders were floated. Several times the specifications of laptops have been changed aggravating the delay. The decision says to award 10,000 laptops to the toppers of classes X and XII and another 24,000 laptops will be awarded to toppers of class VIII in 24,000 middle schools. The scheme invited sharp critism from the experts who contended that although laptops are being provided free but access to cheap internet and educational content will be a challenge for the government. It is most likely that students will have to rely on free content available on the web and find it themselves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "london/bangalore", "code": "17303054", "title": "Dead in Galway, Savita's husband seeks fair probe", "text": "LONDON/BANGALORE: Praveen Halappanavar, the husband of 31-year-old Indian dentist Savita, who died in tragic circumstances in Galway, Ireland after doctors allegedly refused to perform an abortion to terminate her pregnancy despite a miscarriage stating that \"this is a Catholic country\", demanded a \"full public inquiry\" into the circumstances of her death.Savita Halappanavar died from blood poisoning at the University Hospital Galway on October 28. Her husband Praveen is reported to have said that he has no faith in an inquiry into the incident by the Irish Health Service Executive (HSE) and will not co-operate with it.On Monday night, the Irish authorities announced the formation of an investigation group led by Sir Sabaratnam Arulkumaran, the head of obstetrics and gynaecology at St George's Hospital, University of London .Halappanavar's solicitor Gerard O'Donnell told the Irish media on Tuesday that his client will not consent to have Savita's records looked into by the HSE investigators. O'Donnell added Halappanavar's participation would be essential to any inquiry as he was a very important witness.Halappanavar wants, his lawyer stressed, an independent inquiry, with oral hearings held in public and a full unearthing of records and witnesses being called and cross examined under oath. The solicitor emphasized: \"It's important to remember that he lost his wife while under the care of the HSE. He feels that anybody who is appointed by the HSE or paid by the HSE to conduct an inquiry into his wife's death won't meet the criteria that we would advise him as lawyers of getting to the truth.\"Halappanavar, who returned to Galway from India on Sunday, said through his solicitor that he has written to the minister for health, James Reilly , seeking a public inquiry. According to him, but for the public outcry in Ireland, there would have been only a routine inquest into the episode. Ireland minister for social protection, Joan Burton , argued that the holding of an HSE inquiry (which is mandatory under Irish law) would not prejudice subsequent inquiries.O'Donnell though said: \"I think it is inappropriate that anybody who was involved should conduct an inquiry into their own actions. The HSE are very much at the centre of this and they're purporting to inquire into their own actions or the actions of their staff... we want the evidence taken in public and people tested by way of cross-examination.\"Arulkumaran though said: \"The main reason to have internal people is not for them to give specific directions but to find out their standard practice.\"Speaking about his wedding Halappanavar told The Irish Times: \"It was a happy day (in 2008). It was very warm. We got married in summer and she wanted to get married in winter. It was very warm, all her make-up, you know, and she was concerned because she was wearing a 10m sari. It was very heavy with all the ornaments and she was complaining. She was full of life, very optimistic. She used to easily make friends...\"The Standing Committee of the Irish catholic bishops' conference says: \"The church has never taught that the life of a child in the womb should be preferred to that of a mother. We reaffirm some aspects of Catholic moral teaching. A mother and her unborn baby were both sacred with an equal right to life.\"Among other pages tracking this case, one takes its name from a poignant placard at a recent rally - 'Savita Halappanavar had a heartbeat too'. The case brings haunting memories of what transpired with that Galway girl immortalized by James Joyce in his masterful, timeless, and marvelous short-story 'The Dead'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17302198", "title": "Engineering colleges win fight against ragging", "text": "HYDERABAD: A month into the new academic year, the city police has received just three complaints of ragging from freshers from engineering colleges as compared to 17 during the same period last year, thanks to stringent measures adopted by authorities and police, officials said on Tuesday.With police and college managements in the city keeping a watchful eye on seniors, the number of ragging cases in all 378 engineering colleges has drastically come down in the first one month, officials say.The college managements this year have allotted first year students separate buses, messes and even staff to keep an eye on the potential trouble-makers. Interactive sessions in about 150 engineering colleges have also been organized by the city police to prevent incidents of ragging. \"We are plying separate buses for freshers so that even when they are not on the college premises there will not be any kind of ragging. The extra care is being taken as we do not want any student to be a victim of any kind of prank,\" D Changal Raju, principal of Vasavi College said.With the new academic year having begun, the administrative wings of colleges have geared up to prevent ragging. Several colleges have segregated the juniors, including introduction of separate lunch timings so that students do not meet in the canteen or anywhere on the campus. In Vasavi College of Engineering and Nizam's Institute of Engineering, separate buses are being used to ferry freshers. Vasavi has even put the faculty on weekly duties to go around the college premises. They have been asked to keep an eye on the seniors, especially near the parking place, gate, college canteen and also the spots less frequented by students. \"It is nice to know that the college cares for us. We get a sense of protection,\" a fresher from CBIT, Sri Ram Kishore said. Besides their own strategies to prevent ragging, college authorities are also involving the police. The colleges have distributed pamphlets with phone numbers of the police. They have also asked the police to stay put at public places near the colleges such as bus stop, which is a potential ragging spot.Normally ragging in engineering colleges in the city lasts for months, till the fresher's day is celebrated and sometimes beyond that.Apart from the general preventive measures, CBIT has even introduced separate mess for junior students where the seniors are not allowed. At least two faculty members are posted at the entrance of the mess. \"We have staff that is on duty in the buses as well. Staff members stay even after college hours so that students do not stay back and resort to ragging,\" CBIT principal B Chenna Kesava Rao said. However, some students feel that such strict rules might not help develop bonhomie between the seniors and the juniors.\"There will be no spirit of unity among the students. We will not be able to come together for any kind of competitions or other events where the college has to be represented,\" said a third-year student of Vasavi College. The restrictions in the colleges will continue till the freshers' day where the first year students will be formally welcomed and introduced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17301883", "title": "Kishore Chandra Deo accuses environment ministry panel of giving away forests in violation of laws", "text": "NEW DELHI: The environment ministry's Forest Advisory Committee is giving away forests to industry in blatant violation of the Forest Rights Act, tribal affairs minister Kishore Chandra Deo has written to his counterpart Jayanthi Natarajan.In his letter to the environment minister Deo, whose ministry is in-charge of UPA's flagship programme for tribals, said the FAC - which clears forest lands for use by project developers -- has flouted not only the orders of its nodal ministry but also the law of the land.An environment ministry order of August 2009 aligning its processes to the Forest Rights Act requires that the FAC seek consent letters from affected tribals and forest-dwellers before giving over forests to the industry.Deo said in his letter to Natarajan that FAC continued to hand over forest patches to industry in disregard of the law. \"I am anguished to find that even five years after enactment of FRA, the statutory FAC continues blatantly to ignore the existence of both this law and the 2009 order,\" he wrote.Asked about Deo's letter, Natarajan told TOI, \"I have received the letter and I intend to reply in detail to reiterate that we are implementing the FRA stringently.\"However, Deo said in his letter, \"How is it (the FAC) then continuing to ignore people's rights? Why is it misleading both project proponents and the public into believing that these projects are in compliance with the law when they often are not?\"Seeking implementation of the existing regulations and that the tribal affairs ministry too should be represented on the FAC, he said, \"The FAC's abdication of responsibility will produce conflict, harassment, injustice, delays and litigation. We have already seen several such instances, resulting in either violation of people's rights or in delays and cancellation of projects.\"Natarajan has been under tremendous pressure from Cabinet colleagues to ease the norms concerning tribal rights while the forest bureaucracy in her ministry has consistently opposed the law which it sees as handing over control of forests from them to tribals.Deo in his letter said the FAC, instead of reviewing the mandatory consent letters from villages, has instead put in a condition for later approval. He demanded that compliance with FRA must be considered at the \"threshold stage\", warning that \"otherwise, project proponents will be placed in an odd position\" of having received all clearances but later denied project development because of their violation of FRA.\"This would lead to delay in final clearance, or in state governments and project proponents seeking to evade the law entirely,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17305010", "title": "Koli Patels threaten to field independents candidates in south Gujarat", "text": "SURAT: All Gujarat Koli Patel Samaj (AGKPS) has demanded that maximum candidates belonging to the community should be fielded by political parties in 32 assembly constituencies, which have sizeable voters from this group.AGKPS president Chotu Pithawala, a business tycoon of south Gujarat, has threatened that if the political parties failed to nominate Koli Patel candidates then the samaj will field independent candidates in these seats. Of the 1.10 crore Koli Patels in the state, 35 per cent of them live in south Gujarat, community leaders claimed.\"The ruling BJP and opposition Congress have given our community a raw deal. We will be forced to field candidates from our community as independents if the political parties ignore our demand,\" said Pithawala.The AGKPS has sought ticket for Satish Patel from Choryasi, DC Patel or Jayesh Patel from Olpad, Arvind Patel from Navsari, Dharmesh Patel from Jalalpore and Ganpat Patel from Valsad. The AGKPS is confident of their victory if these candidates are fielded by any of the two main political parties in south Gujarat.\"BJP has assured us of giving tickets to these candidates from our community. We are hopeful. If our demand is not met we are ready to fight as independents,\" Pithawala said.About his son Chandravadan Pithawala's plan to quit Congress and join BJP, Pithawala said, \"It will not be a correct move. It will harm his career. He should contest from Navsari Lok Sabha constituency on Congress ticket.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17302931", "title": "Quick action helped solve case", "text": "BANGALORE: Investigation techniques and prompt action helped police apprehend the Chikkabanavara bank heist culprits in a very short time, DCP (North) S N Sidramappa told reporters.The main culprit Divesh Kumar Singh was arrested within five hours of the incident, while the remaining three were picked up seven hours later.Soon after the incident, the five teams set up to investigate the case repeatedly watched the CCTV footage and studied the body language of the lone robber who killed a customer at the bank.\"We rightly suspected that the miscreants might flee the city. Our teams fanned out in Majestic, City railway station, KSRTC and BMTC bus terminals. Divesh was spotted outside one lodge in Majestic area,\" Sidramappa told TOI.\"We checked his bag and recovered the pistol and cash. Divesh had no choice but to confess to his crime,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17302702", "title": "Farmers may be hit by low cotton prices this ear", "text": "Nagpur: It may be yet another disappointing year for Vidarbha's farmers. Despite the estimates of cotton production the world over being lower than previous year, prices of cotton are falling due to lukewarm demand from the textile sector. The market rates are barely above the minimum support price (MSP), with reports of farmers even selling at a rate lower than MSP in certain pockets.The rates would have been much lower but for the weakening rupee , which is at over Rs 52 as against the dollar. Since domestic rates are drawn from the benchmark global prices quoted in dollars, conversion at the current exchange rate makes the situation a little comfortable for cotton growers.According to data compiled by Cotton Corporation of India (CCI), India is expected to produce 374 lakh bales of cotton during the current year as against 410 last year. However, currently prices are at Rs 4,000 to 4,100 a quintal with the MSP being Rs 3,900.Last year, with a higher supply, rates ranged between Rs 4,200 to 4,400. Experts say that this is because of poor demand from the textile industry which is still left with a sizeable amount of last year's carry forward stock.Farm activists say that cotton growers here may not be able to break even at the current price. The situation has left the region's farmers facing tough times, as they are grappling with a low yield due to less rain this season.However, data reports a higher yield at 329kg per hectare is expected this year, as compared to 305kg last year in Maharashtra. Also, the state's production is estimated at 80 lakh bales, some 6 lakh bales more than last year. Typically, higher production and yield act as a cushion against low prices, as volumes compensate the loss.However, the overall yield in the country is down at 489 kg/hectare as against 493 kg/hectare last year. Activists say that the yields will remain low in non-irrigated farms. Yield in Gujarat, also a major cotton growing state, has gone down.Globally, an output of 25.86 million metric tons (MMT) is expected for the current year as against 27.27 MMT last year. But, in an indication of poor consumption pattern in mills, the carry forward stock for the current year is estimated at 13.96 MMT as against 9.45 MMT last year, according to the CCI data. So, despite the cotton consumption in the world increasing marginally at 23.44 MMT, there is little demand for the fresh crop.The New York Futures is quoting the December cotton contracts at 70.35 cents per pound as against 98.34 last year. The spot rates are at 80 cents, with futures indicating that the prices will fall in the coming months.\"Imagine, if the exchange rate was around Rs 42-45, like last year. The farmers would have been doomed indeed,\" said veteran farm activist Vijay Jawandiya.\"China, which is one of the major buyers in the international market, also seems have reduced its quota. The government must increase the MSP to bail out farmers. In certain pockets farmers have sold below the support price too,\" Jawandiya said.Kishore Tiwari of Vidarbha Jan Andolan Samiti alleged that traders are deliberately buying in low quantities to bring the rates down. Tiwari also confirmed that farmers were selling below the MSP.\"The situation is similar in our state,\" said Praful Senjaliya of Bharat Kisan Manch of Gujarat. \"The rates are around Rs 4,100 to 4,200 and farmers can break even only if the price touches Rs 5,000 to 5,300,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17302869", "title": "Din mein BJP, raat mein KJP for BSY loyals", "text": "BANGALORE: Din mein BJP, raat mein KJP (BJP by day, KJP by night) - ministers in the BJP government are torn between their duty by the party and loyalty to their leader, BS Yeddyurappa.About 10 ministers and some legislators are leading a double life: they are involved in the BJP's affairs through the day, and as the sun goes down, this set moves to Yeddyurappa's private residence at Dollar's Colony or his political functions.With the Lingayat strongman set to launch the Karnataka Janata Party (KJP) on December 9, meetings and discussions are hotting up. But there is also a good deal of confusion. Ministers C M Udasi, Basavaraj Bommai, Murugesh R Nirani, Umesh V Katti, Shobha Karandlaje, Revunaik Belamagi, Narasimha Naik (Raju Gouda), M P Renukacharya and V Somanna know they are sailing in two boats.\"We are confused right now. Yeddyurappa had given us good portfolios. On the other hand, BJP is our political party. We are caught between the devil and deep sea,\" a minister from the Yeddyurappa camp said. Asked about their political schedule, he said: \"Din mein BJP, raat mein KJP\".To which Yeddyurappa admitted: \"We are running a coalition government.\"State BJP president K S Eshwarappa said action can be initiated only after the KJP launch next month in Haveri. \"We'll see who attends the launch. The party has decided to take action against three MLAs and one MP,\" he said.A regional split is also apparent. While it's inevitable for ministers and legislators from North Karnataka to be inclined to the KJP, legislators from Bangalore and the southern districts are clear they are with the parent party. \"There are talks of KJP candidates from North Karnataka cutting into the votes of BJP candidates. But Yeddyurappa's magic won't work in Bangalore. Our chances are better if we contest from the Congress or BJP,\" an MLA close to Yeddyurappa said.Another minister maintained that the former CM had asked his loyalists not to attend the launch of the KJP. \"Some ministers are expected to attend but will not be seated on the dais,\" he said. Though a few ministers offered to resign to attend the KJP launch, Yeddyurappa is said to have told them to do so in the second week of February.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17302716", "title": "Collision delays Jan-shatabdi", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The collision on the Ambala-Nangal railway line left authorities struggling to restore power back-up to clear the route. Rail traffic was disrupted with the Jan-shatabdi passenger train delayed by around three hours. The train, which was to depart from Chandigarh to Nangal at around 7:30pm, was stranded till 10:15pm.Confirming the development, divisional railway manager P K Sanghi said, \"We failed to run the Janshatabdi train from Chandigarh to Nangal at the set time due to the collision. There was some problem in getting power backup to clear the line and remove the affected train.\"He also assured that efforts were being made to make the track operational. \"We are trying to take power from Morinda and other nearby stations, so that it can be made operational for other trains. I was at the spot to collect information about the collision from officials concerned\", he stated.Station superintendent of Ambala railway division, Parveen Kumar, who was at the spot with his team, said the accident did not cause much damage. \"Not many people were boarding the train and as the weight of the engine fixed with the train was around 100 kg, there was no major damage.\" The track was disturbed for at least four to five hours. The technical and operations team of the Ambala railway division reached the spot to ascertain the details and get operations resumed.Union minister of railways and other Congress leaders also arrived at the spot. Congress leader Shashi Shankar Tiwari said the injured were rushed to hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "17302012", "title": "Married man booked for raping 24-year-old after promising marriage", "text": "SIRSA: A rape case was registered by the Ding police after a 24-year-old girl accused a youth, Ramesh Kumar, of raping her for about eight months. The police have started investigation into the matter.According to the case details, the accused cajoled the girl on the pretext of marrying her and allegedly raped her for months. According to the complaint given to the police, the girl said, \"The accused is already married and he hid the relationship. He (accused) already has three children. When I came to know about all this, I approached the police.\"Both the girl and the boy are from Punjab and were living in Ding in a rented accommodation after fleeing from their homes. The girl is from a village in Talwandi Sabo, while the accused is resident of Sangha village.Sub Inspector Chand Singh said, \"The victim approached the police and we took her to general hospital, where rape was confirmed after a medical examination. We have booked the accused Ramesh Kumar and sarpanch Amal Singh of Sangha village, as on the victim's complaint as he had threatened to kill her. We are investigating into the matter. No arrest has been made so far.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17300561", "title": "President awards Mumbai university team", "text": "MUMBAI: For the first time, Mumbai University's National Service Scheme (NSS) team got the certificate of appreciation of the Indira Gandhi NSS Award, awarded by President Pranab Mukherjee.Vasai's Viva College student Bhupendra Mishra got the best volunteer award for saving two lives during a railway accident and also other work for the welfare of society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17302230", "title": "Girl dies of suspected dengue", "text": "MADURAI: A 17-year-old girl died of suspected dengue at a private hospital in Madurai on Tuesday. Following this, vehicular movement on the Melur-Trichy highway came to a standstill for nearly two hours after protests by residents of Melur area.The protesters demanded the municipal authorities to take swift action to control dengue outbreak in Melur, which has been a hotbed of the dreaded disease. They urged the officials for better treatment facilities at the Melur Government Hospital. They also demanded compensation for those who died of dengue.Bargath Nisha, a Class 11 student of a government school in Melur. She had been suffering from fever for the past four days and was treated by a private doctor in Melur.Madurai district collector, Anshul Mishra, said that Nisha was admitted to the Melur Government Hospital on Monday. The doctors there referred her to the Government Rajaji Hospital (GRH) in Madurai. However, Nisha's parents admitted her at private hospital in Melur before she was shifted to two more private hospitals in Madurai city.She succumbed on her way home due to intra-cranial bleeding, on Tuesday morning after her parents got her discharged against medical advice from the doctors, the collector added.The relatives of the girl, numbering around 200, who gathered in the area, staged a road roko in Periyakadai Street in the Melur - Madurai Road at around 5pm, which lasted for one hour.While police diverted vehicular movement to the four-lane highway which connects Madurai-Melur-Trichy, the relatives along with the residents also blocked that road, which is situated two km away from Periyakadai. The protest gathered momentum in the highway and more than 1,000 people took part in the protest.The protest, which started at around 6pm lasted till 8pm, due to which vehicles were stranded on the road for several kilometres. Melur deputy superintendent of police and tahsildar reached the spot and held talks with the people.The protesters, who were reluctant initially, yielded after revenue officials and police officials pacified them.One more girl, Fariya Banu, 12, daughter of Basheer of Vilachery died at the GRH due to suspected dengue. She was admitted to the hospital on Monday morning, where she succumbed on Tuesday morning after failing to respond to treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17302898", "title": "Government will reject proposal for Thackeray memorial at Shivaji Park: Official", "text": "MUMBAI: The government will reject any proposal for a memorial of Bal Thackeray on the Shivaji Park grounds, a senior bureaucrat said on Tuesday. He said this will be done even if the proposal came from Shiv Sena leader and former chief minister Manohar Joshi.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan declined to comment on the issue, saying it would be wrong to comment on a non-existing proposal . \"I have no comments; there is no such proposal.\" The bureaucrat said, \"Shivaji Park is a playground and as per the rules, no memorial can be constructed on a playground. Further, the government does not want litigation on such a controversial proposal.\"While debate on the issue goes on, Thackeray's son and Sena executive president Uddhav said the time was not right to engage in it. \"Our entire family is in grief... I don't want to get into a debate on the memorial. Please cooperate with us.\"A section of senior Sena leaders were unhappy over the manner in which Joshi raised the issue of the memorial, that too just a day after the party chief 's death. \"We feel the demand for the memorial was made in haste,\" a leader said.Within the ruling alliance , minister of state for urban development Bhaskar Jadhav (of the NCP) is at the receiving end for saying on Monday that the government would consider the proposal if it was mooted. \"We feel it was his personal view, since the NCP has not taken a stand on the issue,\" a senior NCP leader said.On the government's decision to allow Thackeray's funeral to be held at Shivaji Park and with state honours, the bureaucrat said the decision was well within the powers of the state government, particularly the chief minister. \"Thackeray was thus honoured in view of his contribution to the cause of Maharashtra . While he was the head of a political party , it gave two chief ministers to the state.\"He also said it was not necessary for a person to have held state office to deserve a state funeral. \"In the past, leading personalities have been given state funerals in view of their social contributions. State funeral was given to noted artiste Pandit Bhimsen Joshi, social worker Baba Amte, poets Narayan Surve and V V Shirwadkar, and spiritual leaders Pandurang Shastri Athavale and Wamanrao Pai.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17302395", "title": "Chhath stampede toll 16", "text": "PATNA: Bihar government on Tuesday launched an inquiry into a stampede which killed at least 16 women and children following rumours of the collapse of a makeshift bridge near the Ganga bank in Patna on Monday evening.Even 24 hours after the tragic Monday, there was confusion over the exact number of casualties. While one senior official had on late Monday evening put the toll at 22, Patna's SP (city) Jayant Kant was on Tuesday quoted by AFP \"confirming\" death of ten women and eight children. Reached by TOI on Tuesday evening, Jayant Kant, however, reduced the toll to 16, the figure being quoted by his immediate boss, Patna SSP Amrit Raj.For reasons unknown, the state officials did not think it wise to convene a presser or issue a communique to the media to give details of deaths in the biggest-ever tragedy marring the Chhath festivities in recent years. While different officials gave different death figures, there was none to even estimate how many were injured. \"How can we know that with people rushing to different hospitals for treatment of their injured kin?\" asked an official.Despite the disaster, thousands of worshippers returned to the site before sunrise on Tuesday to pray as part of the festival schedule, offering fruits to the gods, lighting candles and bathing in the river.Earlier at an impromptu presser before Monday midnight, chief minister Nitish Kumar asserted rumours led to the stampede. \"The tragedy happened not because of the bridge collapse but because of the rumours about the collapse. The stampede broke out in the narrow passage from the Adalat Ghat to the main road, away from the bridge,\" he said.The CM also ordered an inquiry to be conducted by principal secretary, home, Amir Subhani, and announced an ex-gratia payment of Rs 2 lakh each to the next of kin of the dead. \"On the basis of the inquiry report, the responsibility will be fixed and action taken,\" Kumar said appealing to all not to politicize the tragedy.The CM said he was on a steamer cruising the Ganga at the time of the first 'arghya' when he got the news about the stampede. He asked officials to rush to the spot and launch relief and rescue operations.The government has, however, not fixed a deadline for Subhani to complete the inquiry and submit the report. \"I will submit the report once it is prepared,\" Subhani told TOI on Tuesday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17302914", "title": "Slow reaction cost bunk manager his life", "text": "BANGALORE: The petrol bunk manager, who was visiting the Corporation Bank branch in Chikkabanavara, Hesaraghatta Main Road on Monday as he always did every evening, paid with his life for responding slowly to the armed robber's threat.In the FIR, bank manager R Suresh Babu said while everyone in the bank promptly obeyed the revolver-toting robber's command to stand to one side, bunk manager Muralidhar slow to obey. The robber shot Muralidhar in his upper right arm. The profusely bleeding, Muralidhar fell to the ground.\"Seeing Muralidhar's fate, I ordered the cashier to hand over all the cash,\" Babu said. \"I was afraid he would shoot the others too,\" Babu added.According to Babu, it was past the business hours and non-banking operations were on. About 4-5 customers, including Muralidhar, were present inside the bank when the incident happened.Around 4:04 pm, Babu was sitting in his cabin when he saw a youth barge in. Covering his face with a handkerchief and a sports cap pulled over his eyes, he pulled out a revolver and ordered everyone to go to one corner. Three minutes later, the youth asked Babu to come out. Walking towards the cashier's cabin, the armed man snatched the mobile phone of cashier Dasappa.Dasappa quickly handed over all the cash and before fleeing, pulled down the bank's shutters.The youth very spoke very little -- \"Come out of cabin\", \"Where is the cashier, call him\", \"Udhar Jaava,\" \"Iss taraf aava\" and \"I will shoot\", Babu said in his complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "17300977", "title": "Thackeray community complains against scribe", "text": "THANE: Members of the Chandraseniya Kayastha Prabhu (CKP) community here demanded police action against senior journalist Kumar Ketkar for his \"objectionable\" and \"incorrect\" representation of the group.Ketkar, in a recent report published in a magazine, had critically evaluated Bal Thackeray's political and social contribution to Maharashtra. Thackeray belonged to the CKP community.Community elder Subodh Vaidya, along with several others, marched to the Thane town police station late on Tuesday demanding action against Ketkar for \"misrepresenting\" facts. The delegation submitted a complaint to the police, who assured to look into the case.\"They did not register an FIR or file a non-cognizable case, but accepted our complaint. We have raised serious objections to Ketkar's uncharitable comments about our community. Thackeray belonged to our clan, but it was no reason for making incorrect statements about our community,\" Vaidya told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17301537", "title": "Need Rs 46 crore for Kumbh plans: Nashik police", "text": "NASHIK: The district rural police have sought Rs 46 crore for the 2015 Kumbh mela preparations.District superintendent of police Pravin Padwal said that the funds would be utilized for barricades, police chowkies and close circuit television cameras (CCTVs) to be set up at 33 locations within Trimbakeshwar.Padwal said that while the exact number of cops deployed for crowd management had not been decided, there would be greater police strength for the next Mela in comparison to the force deployed at the Kumbh in 2003-04.Padwal added that it will be important to remove encroachments in Trimbakeshwar town well before the mega religious event. While parking arrangements may be more or less similar to that in 2003-04, there may also be a possibility of moving the Trimbakeshwar bus stand further away from its current location for better crowd management.Further, the rural police have also sought a separate bomb detection and disposal squad (BDDS) as an added security measure. While one BDDS branch is stationed at Malegaon, the rural police are seeking another for Trimbakeshwar.\"Apart from this, we want to station 100 employees permanently at Trimbakeshwar and a proposal in this regard has also been sent to senior officials. Trimbakeshwar town witnesses a continuous rush of pilgrims throughout the year, being that it is one among 12 Jyotirlingas in the country and religious rites take place here on a large scale, \" Padwal said.While CCTV cameras have been installed within the premises of the Trimbakeshwar temple, police are also concerned about keeping a round-the- clock vigil in Trimbak town as well for which they have got a survey done and have sent a proposal to the district planning and development committee and the state government.In view of the constant rush of pilgrims and tourists to Trimbakeshwar, the police have already deployed additional personnel at the Trimbakeshwar police chowkie since the sanctioned strength at the station was considered to be too meagre to maintain law and order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17302246", "title": "Accused in Rajiv Gandhi murder case gets 15 days\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 parole", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court has granted 15 days parole to P Ravi alias Ravichandran, the 16th accused in the Rajiv Gandhi assassination case, on a writ appeal filed by the state government.A division bench comprising Justices K N Basha and P Devadass, which heard the writ appeal, passed the orders on Tuesday allowing the accused Ravi to go on parole with certain conditions claimed by the additional government pleader T S Mohammed Muhaideen.Accordingly, the 42-year-old Ravi, who is lodged at the Madurai central prison for the past 21 years, will go on parole for 15 days from November 26 to December 10.Earlier, Ravi's mother, P Rajeswari filed a writ petition before the Madurai bench seeking direction to the state to release her son on parole for one month for settling a family dispute, including property.Ravi was found guilty of criminal conspiracy in the Rajiv Gandhi assassination case and on January 28, 1998 was sentenced to death along with other 25 people by the special court for TADA cases. Later, his sentence was commuted to life imprisonment by the Supreme Court.On December, 2011, the single judge, Justice V Ramasubramaniam passed orders on Rajeswari's writ petition directing the state to grant at least 15 days ordinary leave for Ravi. Aggrieved by this, the state preferred a writ appeal before the Madurai bench. The appeal came up for hearing on Tuesday.The additional government pleader (AGP) T S Mohammed Muhaiden argued before the court that the Ravi had already availed 14 days leave on three occasions. Besides, his character in prison was not good. He often quarrelled with co-convicts and the jail authorities.Further, as the prisoner is involved in the assassination of former Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi, his presence outside the prison will be dangerous to public peace and tranquillity. Besides, the prisoner has not even paid the escort charges to the tune of Rs 1.39 lakh for having gone on leave, the AGP conveyed to the court.The AGP also told the court that it is not necessary to release the prisoner on parole to settle the property dispute. He can execute power of attorney by staying inside the prison.Denying his contentions, the counsel T Lajapathi Roy, who appeared on behalf of Rajeswari, told the court that parole is sought to settle property dispute of the prisoner. Besides, the probationary officer has given a certificate that Ravi's character is good. Further, the prisoner did not create any untoward incident while he was released on leave on earlier occasions.After hearing both the sides, the division bench passed orders, allowing Ravi to go on parole. In the order, the bench said that no grounds were made out in the writ appeal by the state. Hence, the prisoner Ravi shall be granted ordinary leave for 15 days and will be taken by the escorting police, being arranged by the state, to his mother's house situated at Aruppukottai.The bench also imposed conditions in its order that the prisoner shall not meet or interact with any banned outfits or organisations. Besides, the prisoner shall not give any interviews to the print and electronic media.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "17302958", "title": "Miscreants trespass judge's house, burn items", "text": "AJMER: The special judge of Ajmer Rajendra Kumar Sharma on Monday demanded security after reported threats by unidentified people. Sharma in his complaint said some people had burnt household items kept in the courtyard of his residence.Following the incident, the bar association called a day's strike in protest against reported police \"failure\" to provide security to the judge. The judge in his letter said this was the third incident in one month but the police did not seem to take the matter seriously.SC/ST special judge Sharma and his wife Asha Sharma-additional district judge live in their government accommodation at Gokhale Lane here. Sharma, today around 7 am called up the civil line police and informed them that some miscreants had burnt household items tucked away under the stairs in the courtyard. Civil line SHO Ravinder Singh rushed to the spot and found that an old sofa, wooden furniture and documents were set ablaze. Police also got a matchbox from the site.The matter was reported to SP Rajesh Meena and he also rushed to the spot. Meena ordered round-the-clock security at the bungalow.After the incident, Sharma wrote to district magistrate demanding security for him and his family so that he could perform his official duty without any hitch. \"Today, when I woke up and opened the door of my home, I saw the articles on fire. This is the second incident in a month when unidentified miscreants tresspassed by my official residence,\" the letter said.The letter also stated that, \"My daughter is studying in collage and son in Mayur school and therefore looking at such incidents, I again ask for full security to my family, so that I can perform my official duty without fear and pressure.\"Advocates immediately called a strike and submitted a memo to the SP. \"When they are unable to secure a judge how can they ensure safety to the common man,\" asked ChanderBhan Singh Rathore, secretary of the bar association. Advocates demanded the immediate arrests of the miscreants who are mentally harassing and threatening the judge and warned that another spate of strikes would be observed if action was not taken soon.On October 30, unidentified people trespassed Sharma's house premises and smashed flower pots. They also hurled abused at the family around midnight and threatened to kill the family. The judge lodged an FIR and a constable was deputed to protect the couple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17300947", "title": "Ponty Chadha shootout case: AK-47 traced to Punjab cop", "text": "NEW DELHI: The trail of questions regarding the shootout at the Chadha farmhouse in south Delhi on Saturday got murkier on Tuesday when Delhi Police claimed that the AK-47 recovered from the double murder spot belonged to a Punjab police officer but failed to explain how it was found abandoned at the spot. Liquor baron Ponty Chadha and his brother Hardeep died in the shootout.Delhi Police claim that it was Uttarakhand minority commission chairman Sukhdev Singh Namdhari whose personal security officer (PSO) Sachin Tyagi \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a constable with the Uttarakhand police \u00e2\u20ac\u201d had used his carbine in self defence and killed Hardeep after the later allegedly shot Ponty.\"The question remains why a trained Punjab police PSO will leave behind his AK-47 and flee the spot without firing back in self defence?\" said an officer, adding that only a ballistic test of the arms and ammunition will reveal who shot at whom and from which position,\" said the officer.The Punjab police have remained tightlipped about the incident even as it defended its six men assigned to protect the Chadhas. A Punjab police cop who is in Delhi to assist in the investigations said that none of their colleagues were involved in the firing. \"Out of the six men who were posted as PSOs, three are on leave. The fourth was with Ponty Chadha but not present at the scene of crime. We have not found our men involved with the incident and, hence, mulled no action against them,'' he said.This fails to answer why Hardeep's own PSOs \u00e2\u20ac\u201d drawn from the same force \u00e2\u20ac\u201d did not fire back at Tyagi. Delhi Police said they were in touch with both forces to determine why the PSOs acted the way they did. Sources even claimed that Hardeep's PSOs were not accompanying him during the incident. Earlier, it was said that the PSOs protecting both brothers were involved in the shootout.The forensics team spent another entire day at the 42 Mandi village farmhouse, digging the area located 250 metres from the shooting site for \"more cartridges\". Forensics experts said they wanted to trace each \"bullet fired inside and outside the premises\". \"We are hoping for recovery of some more cartridges from the spot,\" said an officer, adding that the bullets were fired from carbines and, hence, travelled some distance. A source confirmed that cops had inspected the weapons and were yet to come across all the bullets fired.The fact that the bullets will be pivotal to the investigations became clear on Sunday itself after the second postmortem was conducted on the insistence of senior police officers and Supreme Court lawyer K T S Tulsi, said sources. Tulsi is believed to have convinced the Chadha family that the recovery of bullets was important to find out the killers and if there is a possibility of third-party involvement in the case.The fact that the investigation team had to visit the spot several times in the past three days shows that the investigation is far from over.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "moscow", "code": "17302062", "title": "Resurrection hope: Woman mummifies hubby's body", "text": "MOSCOW: In a bizarre incident, a Russian woman hoping that her dead husband would resurrect, kept his mummified headless body for three years, ordering her children to feed and talk to it.The mummified body was found in the village of Semibratovo in July, stashed in a plastic bag. It was missing an arm and head, soon discovered in a nearby trash dump investigators said on Monday. The man, a Pentecostal missionary, died of an illness, but his wife preserved the corpse for three years. The woman expected him to return to life, the report said. The head of the family expired in 2009.The family kept acquaintances at bay by telling them the man was too ill to speak to anyone and used air fresheners to mask the odour of the rotting body. The pretend play continued until last summer, when the family decided to relocate. Fearing that the body would be found, the children carried the corpse away. The arm and the head broke in the process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17302740", "title": "Yet another irri scheme moves at snail speed", "text": "NAGPUR: The Satrapur lift irrigation scheme conceived almost 30 years ago to provide water to dryland farms in Ramtek-Parseoni talukas of Nagpur district is now finally nearing completion. Thanks to the hectic activity, these last couple of months, by irrigation department officials, farmers as well politicians of the area facilities to irrigate 4000 acres of land have been completed.As is true with every irrigation project in Vidarbha, Satrapur was no exception. Thousands of farmers in this region have committed suicide in last one decade because of recurring crop losses. But the government unaffected by this takes its own time - mostly measured in decades-to complete these projects. So there was nothing surprising when Satrapur project conceived three decades ago to fetch water from Pench by laying 8.5km of pipeline from Kamptee-Khairi and lift water through three pumps to 120ft to a distribution chamber, moved at snail speed. The result, a huge cost escalation from initial estimate of Rs 8 crore to the now projected cost of Rs 50 crore when the scheme will be completed next year.\"Be it forest laws or paucity of funds there were a number of reasons for the delay in completion of the project. The latest hurdle came from the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI). The pipelines have to cross national highway (Nagpur-Jabalpur) at Kandri and Chorbahuli. For this purpose Rs 4.5 crore was deposited with NHAI 18 months ago, but they completed only the Kandri crossing,\" said Madhukar Kimmatkar, expert member of Vidarbha Statutory Development Board.For this octogenarian leader, completion of this scheme was a challenge as the command area was part of Ramtek assembly constituency he had once represented.\"Recently, the kharif paddy crop around the Kandri crossing point was almost on the verge of drying up because of paucity of rains. Farmers and irrigation officials swung into a rare spurt of action and used JCB machines to lay canals and sub-canals to their fields and as a results some 4,000 acres of paddy crop got irrigated and the crop was saved,\" recounted Kimmatkar, for whom keeping a tab of irrigation and development projects in this backward region is almost a passion.\"I took up the matter with the MP of that area Mukul Wasnik, who persuaded NHAI to expedite the pipeline crossing work. I am hopeful that water would reach another 6,000 acres by January and the scheme would achieve its target of irrigating 14,000 acres by next year,\" said Kimmatkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17305498", "title": "Wasted public money on Ajmal Kasab: Mukesh Bhatt", "text": "Mukesh Bhatt has always been upfront about his opinions and this time he is no different.The producer-director claims to be happy about Ajmal's end, but believes that we wasted our money feeding the terrorist.\"I get a feeling of relief after the news about Ajmal Kasab's death. Finally, justice has come today. However, we have wasted precious money of Indians. There was no need to feed him for four years,\" said Mukesh.Der se aaye par durust aaye , but god forbid if such incident happens again, I would wish terrorists like this should be hanged faster and not waste public money,\" concluded the producer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "ferozepur", "code": "17302091", "title": "Manpreet's in-laws land transferred fraudulently", "text": "FEROZEPUR: The deputy commissioner chargesheeted a patwari on Monday thus exposing fraudulent transfer of 16 acres of agricultural land situated along the international border in Gandhu Kilcha Uttar village, reportedly by revenue officials.The land in question is owned by the family of People's Party of Punjab (PPP) chief Manpreet Badal's in-laws, including his wife Veenu Badal. Manpreet's brother-in-law Jaijeet Singh Johal has alleged political victimization.According to reports, the land was transferred in favour of Labh Singh, Harmander Singh, Balwinder Singh, Joginder Singh and Balvir Singh, all residents of the same village, without any sale deed or authorization from the owner. Johal said the family had never sold or transferred the land to anyone. \"We were shocked to know that land belonging to us had other owners on record. We have no idea how the ownership of the land was changed in the revenue records\".Johal said that they had moved a complaint with the deputy commissioner, Ferozepur, along with relevant documents including records of ownership. The family has sought registration of a criminal case against the officials for tampering with the records, and has demanded that the revenue record be corrected.The family alleged that a patwari, in connivance with the revenue department officials, changed the original ownership in the consolidation land record. Johal said that Labh Singh and others took a loan of Rs 10 lakh from OBC bank by producing forged documents of the land and the bank officials never verified the documents before sanctioning the loan.When contacted, deputy commissioner Dr S Karuna Raju said that an inquiry by Sadar Kanugo revealed that the land ownership was inadvertently entered into the column meant for the name of cultivators when records were being computerized in 2010-2011, and the same was rectified when came into notice of the department. He said that a chargesheet had been issued to patwari Santokh Singh. About the bank loan obtained by beneficiaries using false \"jamabandis\" to the bank, the deputy commissioner said the SDM had been asked to conduct a detailed inquiry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17301985", "title": "Three doctors removed from team probing Savita Halappanavar's death", "text": "LONDON: Irish government has removed three doctors from an inquiry team probing the tragic death of an Indian dentist, who was denied an abortion despite serious complications during pregnancy.Irish Prime Minister Enda Kenny has told lawmakers that doctors who have no connection to Galway University Hospital would be appointed to replace them.Three Galway-based consultants will now not be part of the seven-member Health Service Executive (HSE) inquiry team that will look into the death of Savita, RTE News reported.The development comes hours after the solicitor for the Halappanavar family said her husband Praveen had no faith in the HSE inquiry into his wife's death and would not cooperate with it.Savita, 31, died from blood poisoning at the Galway University Hospital on October 28 after doctors allegedly refused to perform an abortion stating \"this is a Catholic country\".Earlier, solicitor for the Halappanavar family, Gerard O'Donnell, said Savita's husband Praveen and his family were very concerned about the way his late wife was treated at Galway Hospital and \"they want a full public inquiry to be held into the circumstances surrounding her death\".\"He (Praveen) feels that anybody who is appointed by the HSE or paid for by the HSE to conduct an inquiry into his wife's death won't meet the criteria that we would advise him as lawyers of getting to the truth,\" the report quoted O'Donnell as saying.O'Donnell said the removal of the three consultants from the Galway hospital from the inquiry team would not be enough to meet Halappanavar's concerns.The chairman of the HSE inquiry team, Dr Sabaratnam Arulkumaran, a Sri Lanka-born obstetrician/gynaecologist, this afternoon sought a face-to-face meeting with Praveen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17300938", "title": "Facebook outrage: Shiv Sena MP justifies police action", "text": "MUMBAI: Shiv Sena MP Sanjay Raut on Tuesday justified the police action against the two Palghar girls for the comment one of them made on a social networking site against Sunday's shutdown in view of Bal Thackeray's death.\"We think the police have done the right thing by arresting the two girls for the controversial comments in the wake of Balasaheb's death,\" said Raut. \"The two girls should have respected the sentiments of lakhs of Balasaheb's followers, who spontaneously stopped all activity in Mumbai. The shutdown was not organized by the Sena. It was the heartfelt response of Shiv Sainiks and the Sena chief's countless admirers. Those who wrote the comment blaming the Sena for bringing Mumbai to a halt should have realized this.\"Raut, however, said the Sena will not justify the vandalism that took place after the online post came to light.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17306300", "title": "Asa Mee Ashi Tu goes on floors", "text": "Swami Samarth Productions Marathi film 'Asa Mee Ashi Tu' goes on floors. The first day shoot was held at Mumbai. The film is directed by Atul Kale who is also going to act. The film stars Sachit Patil and Pallavi Subhash in lead roles. It also stars Manasi Salvi, Latika Gore and child artist Atharva Bedekar. Story-screenplay-dialogues are written by Atul Kale and Ashish Raikar along with Sachit Patil. The film will have music by Amit Raj and Aditya Bedekar.Director Atul Kale, a student of Mahesh Manjarekar's school has earlier given film Ticha Baap Tyacha Baap. He said, \"Asa Mee Ashi Tu is different and matured love story. It has seriousness, emotions avoiding melodrama. The film is tale of 'Destiny' and 'Love'. Sachit is playing a role of his age. \"Hindi film actress Shoma Anand will step into Marathi films with AMAT. Says Atul, \"Shoma Anand is playing mother of the heroine. She is Punjabi married to Marathi guy who has left her after few years of marriage. Now if I cast Marathi actress in mother's role who is speaking in Punjabi audience will not accept. So we cast Shomaji. All the dialogues by Pallavi and Shomaji are in Hindi and also one Hindi song is there in the film. I am experimenting this and am sure audience will like it, something different.\"Atul clarifies that the film has got nothing to do with Prabhakar Panshikar's popular Marathi play. Sachit Patil says , \"I am playing an architect Siddharth Kamat whose wife is no more and is having a son. Manasi Salvi plays my wife. Then comes another girl in his life and my bonding with Atul Kale is very nice so it is always fun to work with him. I am also contributing in screenplay. We have worked very hard for ground work for this film.\"Atul Kale is also set to make the Marathi film Ram Raj with Sachit in a double role. That will be an action film. He will be acting in two Hindi films directed by Renzil D'souza and Deepak Shivdasani. The film will release next year.Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17300453", "title": "Students worried about filtering after placements", "text": "CHENNAI: Engineering colleges and students are worried after reports that around 6,000 engineering graduates recruited by IT major HCL through campus placements were asked to take a screening test after waiting for nearly a year to get the offer letter.While the company has clarified that no offers will be revoked, academics and students are worried as to what it means regarding their joining dates and even employment in case they aren't able to clear these tests.The company has, in a statement, said \"we will continue to onboard all freshers we have made an offer to at the campus. This has been communicated through a mail and also a conference call to them.\" It also said the front runner program (FRP) was introduced this year to allow the best candidates waiting to hear from them to join faster and get deployed on projects immediately.\"The test is only an effort to streamline and speed up the process of joining,\" said an HCL spokesman. \"It is not a one-time test in which failure means loss of job. If a student fails in the first attempt, he/ she will then be given a second chance. In the intermediate period, HCL will train these candidates. If a student fails the second one too, he/ she will be given another date,\" said the spokesman. Those who do not clear the test despite multiple attempts will be invited for elongated training and then deployed into projects, said the company. The next test is scheduled on January 6 at seven centres across India.Though recruitments happen in bulk, business demand doesn't come all at once, forcing IT firms to defer the joining dates without telling the reason in many cases. Companies induct students in phases and spread the joining dates over several quarters so as to not affect their quarterly financial performances. HCL's FRP test created a scare as no information about the test was given to the students or the colleges when the students were offered the letter of intent last year during campus placements.Academics feel that any change in the recruitment policy should be informed during the initial presentation made by the company.\"We want to be loyal to companies that take in our students, so we stop students from sitting for placements when other companies come. But if the students come back to us eight months later saying they were never taken in, then it becomes an issue,\" said John Bruce, placement officer, Sathyabama University.At the same time, educational institutions accept that with students being recruited from various institutions, not all can be ranked alike for assignments. \"HCL is an organisation that daringly puts employees first and customers second. Students should realise that the workplace is getting more competitive,\" said dean of planning and development at SASTRA University S Vaidhyasubramaniam.It (front runner program) is not a one-time test in which failure means loss of job. If a student fails in the first attempt, he will be given a second chance. If the students fails the second one too, they will be given another date.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17301590", "title": "Patricia Fernandes is new Curchorem Cacora Municipal Council chief", "text": "MARGAO: Patricia Fernandes was elected the chairperson of the Curchorem Cacora Municipal Council (CCMC) unopposed, at the elections held on Tuesday. Shrikant Gaonkar is the new deputy chairperson; he too was elected unopposed.The elections were necessitated as Jasmine Braganza and Rocha Pereira quit their positions, as chairperson and deputy chairperson respectively, earlier this month, in accordance with the prior 'term-sharing' arrangement agreed to.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17300449", "title": "Tamil Nadu jailbirds get highest wages in country", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu records more suicides in its prisons than any other state in the country but the state also pays prisoners the highest wages.Statistics of the daily wages paid in various jails in 2011 from the National Crime Records Bureau show that Tamil Nadu pays prisoners 100 a day for skilled labour, and 80 and 60 per day for semi-skilled and unskilled work. However, 50% of the pay earned by prisoners is deducted for their expenses and 20% for victim compensation fund. Only 30% of the pay is credited to the prisoners' bank accounts.Delhi (99), Karnataka (90) and Assam (75) follow Tamil Nadu among states in which skilled prisoners are paid the high wages. Among the states that pay prisoners the least are Bihar , Punjab and Manipur (all 12), Chhattisgarh and Mizoram (15) and Jharkhand (16). Unskilled work fetches a prisoner only 8 per day in Bihar, Manipur and Punjab.However, prisoners' rights group People's Union for Civil Liberties general secretary S Balamurugan said the state should increase the daily wages of prisoners.\"Even though the state pays a skilled prisoner 100 a day, only 30 is remitted to the prisoner's bank account,\" he said. \"The pay for prisoners should be revised according to minimum wage standard. If convicts save some money, they can even start a small business when they are released.\"Tamil Nadu also rehabilitated 1,006 convicts \u00e2\u20ac\u201d more than any state in the country \u00e2\u20ac\u201d in 2011. It also provided financial assistance to 372 prisoners and legal assistance to 3,480 last year.\"We have been rehabiliting prisoners, but I think we can do more to improve their chances of leading a reformed life,\" said additional director-general of police (prisons) J K Tripathy. \"We will come up with more initiatives for prisoner rehabilitation.\"A senior police official said the prisons department is providing convicts with training in plumbing, wiring, house and signboard painting and brick-making, with those who complete a course being awarded certificates. This allows them to seek gainful employment after they are released.The department is also offering prisoners courses in screen printing, food processing and the making of plastic flowers and agarbathis. With help from some NGOs, the prisons department also operates an industrial coir production unit in Cuddalore prison, a hollow block brick-making unit in Trichy and a lamination unit in the Special Prison for Women in Vellore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "surat ", "code": "17305029", "title": "Deadly sting: Steep rise in dengue cases", "text": "SURAT : There has been a steep increase in the number of dengue cases in the city in the past 45 days. More than 200 patients have been treated or are still under treatment in Surat Municipal Corporation's (SMC) health centres and New Civil Hospital (NCH). Over 1,000 are taking medication from 300 private clinics for the virus spread by fresh water mosquito Aedes Aegypti.Dr Ashok Kapse, a well-known child specialist, said, \" The epidemic is not restricted to just Surat or parts of India. It has spread across many countries of Asia. There is a biological change in the virus and also greater chances of its survival in the mosquito.\"Aedes mosquito adjusts well to cool atmosphere. Thus despite winter season in the region, the disease has not shown signs of withdrawing.\"Though there has been an increase of 40 per cent in the number of cases in private clinics, there is no rise in the severely affected cases compared to the last year. All cases are of mild infection,\" he added.Medical experts said this could lead to problems in the city next season. The virus could become more lethal.At least 76 dengue cases were reported in NCH from October 1 and similar numbers in SMC-run medical facilities. NCH has been getting over 10 cases of fever daily. These have been suspected to be cases of dengue. Dr J Brahmbhatt, incharge medical superintendent of NCH, said, \"The outbreak is due to increased mosquito breeding spots in the city.\"SMC is creating awareness among the people about dengue and this would help check its spread.\"J B Vora, deputy commissioner (health), SMC, said, \"After two review meetings in the last three days, we have an action plan in place. Proactive searches are on to identify mosquito-breeding spots.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17300662", "title": "Caught with mobile, pimp attempts suicide in Tihar Jail", "text": "NEW DELHI: High-profile pimp Sonu Punjaban reportedly attempted suicide inside Tihar Jail premises on Monday night after she was caught with a mobile phone, said jail officials. The 31-year-old reportedly tried to hang herself with a dupatta.Sources in Tihar said Punjaban was found in possession of a mobile phone around 6am on Monday. She was shifted from her high security cell in Ward 4 to another in Ward 6 the same afternoon after the violation was reported to the court and the visiting judge.\"She was unhappy about being shifted and feared that strict action would be taken against her for possessing a mobile phone. She tried to hang herself between 9pm and 9.30pm on Monday by tying her dupatta to the exhaust fan. Other prisoners alerted the jail staff, who brought her to Deen Dayal Upadhyay Hospital,\" said a source in Tihar Jail.Punjaban told officials she had also consumed sleeping pills. However, doctors denied this. \"She tried to hang herself, but was later declared fit to be discharged after treatment. No evidence of ingestion of sleeping pills was found in her digestive system,\" said a senior medical officer in DDU.Tihar law officer and spokesperson Sunil Gupta said, \"We have informed the trial court about the incident and she is now back in jail under close surveillance. The mobile phone has been sent to the special branch for investigation. An enquiry is being conducted on how Punjaban procured the mobile phone. She is a repeat offender in jail.\"Infamous for running an inter-state prostitution racket, Punjaban allegedly used to supply call girls at farmhouses and five-star hotels. Last year, Delhi Police invoked the stringent Maharashtra Control of Organized Crime Act (MCOCA) against her, under which the accused cannot be granted bail easily and any statement recorded in front of a police officer of DCP rank is admissible in court.Punjaban had earlier been arrested in similar cases in Preet Vihar and Saket. She was also allegedly involved in a murder case in Haryana's Jhajjar district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17301292", "title": "IT firms let employees use their favourite devices at work", "text": "GURGAON: Many IT companies are encouraging BYOD (bring your own device) to work. According to an industry survey, firms feel that with techniques like desktop virtualization their earlier concerns like data theft and network problems have been addressed and therefore they are adopting the idea of employees bringing their own devices to work.The study, which surveyed 1,493 IT and business leaders in India and China, shows that IT leaders are increasingly embracing BYOD in their enterprises. This study was part of networking solutions provider Cisco's initiative to understand acceptance of BYOD among global IT companies in 18 industries.Employees are turning to BYOD because they want more control of their work experience, leading to more productivity and job satisfaction.They want to work on the device with which they are most comfortable.Their second desire is to choose when they do what. They want the flexibility to undertake personal activities while at work and to do their work during nontraditional work periods such as nights and weekends. Finally, they want freedom to use the device the way they see fit, including which apps to download.\"The new generation employees are using all kinds of devices, including smartphones and tablets. They feel uncomfortable working on systems given by their IT department. The smartphone penetration is very popular in India,\" saidMahesh Gupta, vice president, Borderless Networks , Cisco India and SAARC.\"The companies are now in a post-PC world where the network must accommodate new choices at every layer of the stack. These include traditional, mobile, and social applications; multiple operating systems; various server architectures; and mobile devices ranging from tablets to smartphones and other mobility tools,\" he added.The study confirms that BYOD a global phenomenon. \"We found that it is not simply about device usage, but freedom and innovation. It empowers employees to innovate using the tools with which they are most comfortable-how and when they want to work. BYOD also implies new challenges in security. The proliferation of these mobile devices incompanies is a fact of life, and this means IT needs to change the way it manages devices. This growth in mobility affects data security, access control, platform maintenance, application support, and much more.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17301355", "title": "Why long delay in trial of drug peddling cases, asks SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Tuesday came out strongly against lodging of alleged drug peddlers in jail for long periods without trial under the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (NDPS) Act and asked the Centre and the Narcotics Control Bureau (NCB) to suggest measures to remove bottlenecks in trial.Terming long incarceration as under-trials to be a gross human rights abuse, a bench of Justices D K Jain and J S Khehar asked NCB to consult senior officials of Directorate of Revenue Intelligence, Customs and Excise, and Central Bureau of Narcotics and submit by December 3 their common recommendations. The court indicated that it would consider laying down guidelines on December 4.The NCB director general, who was present in court, blamed lack of special courts to try cases under the NDPS Act, 1985. On an average, NCB handled 175 cases every year of which 169 cases were pending for over five years, DG Ajay Chadha said. The court was dealing with a case where a man arrested with 32 kg of heroin had been waiting for the last 14 years for trial to begin.Amicus curiae Anitha Shenoy informed the bench that West Bengal had 31 cases pending without trial for over five years as there was only one court in the state designated to hold trial in NDPS cases. The situation was worse in Uttar Pradesh, which had 25 NDPS courts but none were functioning, resulting in 63 cases pending trial for over five years, she added.The bench asked, \"If a person has already spent 6-7 years in jail for an offence meriting similar punishment, what justice are we rendering? This cannot be permitted as it is a serious violation of human rights. This raises doubts about the efficacy of NDPS Act.\"NCB informed the court that most of its investigating officers were on deputation and securing their presence during trial was a challenge. In some cases, judges got transferred and the matter had to be re-heard. The court asked the bureau to compile data on this aspect and submit it during the next hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17303208", "title": "Notice to Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation for cutting trees", "text": "PUNE: The Tree Authority of the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) has sent a show-cause notice to the Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) workshop at Dapodi for cutting 15 trees without permission.The trees, all located on the MSRTC premises, were chopped early last month. Raju Savale, vice-president of the environment cell of the Pimpri Chinchwad unit of Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) said that after his complaint, garden department officials inspected the site.In its notice, the garden department has said that prior permission of the Tree Authority is required for cutting trees or branches.The department, in March this year, had given permission to cut branches of 19 trees.Suresh Salunke, chief of the garden department, PCMC, said the civic body is awaiting a reply from the MSRTC. A case will be registered under the Maharashtra (Urban areas) Tree Protection and Preservation Act 1975, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17302444", "title": "Half-hour more for science papers in ICSE", "text": "KOLKATA: Those set to appear for ICSE examinations in 2014 have a reason to cheer. They will get more time for science papers than their peers did.The Council for Indian School Certificate Examinations ( CISCE), on Tuesday, announced the decision to increase the durations of Physics, Chemistry and Biology papers from one-and-a-half hours to two hours.The duration of Mathematics paper will, however, remain unchanged at two-and-a-half hours.\"We have revised the time schedule for science papers following students' demand. We expect it to reduce stress among the examinees,\" said Gerry Arathoon, chief executive and secretary of the council.It has also been decided that the environment science paper of the ICSE exams, that was scheduled on February 15, will be shifted to a new date as Saraswati Puja falls on that day.In place of manual registration, the council has also proposed to start e-registration and e-affiliation from next year. Students of classes IX and XI can individually e-register with council for taking the examination through schools. Similarly, schools can seek affiliation online. \"This will make the system more efficient,\" said another council official.The council has also decided to upgrade some ICSE schools to ISC and award them provisional affiliation even if they have still not received the permanent no-objection-certificates (NOC) from the state government. \"Till now, only those schools that could produce a permanent NOC from the state government were upgraded. Now, they will be upgraded to plus two (ISC) with only a provisional one. They have to procure a permanent NOC in due course and submit the same to the council. Then we shall grant permanent affiliation to the school for ISC,\" Arathoon added.\"The council has decided that the land required should not be binding for permanent affiliation and introduction of ISC XII. Schools, who were granted provisional affiliation prior to the implementation of the guidelines of affiliations in May 2006, can be inspected when they apply for permanent affiliation or introduction of ISC class XII,\" said Arathoon.English syllabus will undergo a sea change from 2015 onwards, \"We have decided to reduce the syllabus. The number of prose has been cut short from 15 to 10 and poems too have been reduced from 15 to 10. The same is with the ISC syllabus in English. The syllabus of other subjects has been revised in keeping with the modern day demand.\"The city is set to host the annual conference of the Association of Schools for the Indian School Certificate, 2012, in the Science City from November 21 to 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17302713", "title": "Weekend to bring along chill", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Winter is expected to get chiller around the week-end. Though officially the season had set in from the first week of November, it will start making its full presence felt only after this week. Officials at Chandigarh Meteorological Centre say it will be a normal season, but colder and foggier than last year.Director of Chandigarh Meteorological Centre Surender Paul says, \"The season had set in from the first week of November, but the temperatures did not fall drastically. Now after three to four days, temperatures will drop... even days will get colder. The weather will remain dry, as there are no chances of moisture content increasing in the coming days.\"The chill, accompanied by fog, will be severe if western disturbances do not play truant. \"The season will be more or less normal. Unlike last year, there will be fog by December-end and it will continue till February. But if there are rains, the intensity of fog might be low. It is, however, likely to be a dry season like last year,\" a met department official says.At present, there is a difference of about 16 degrees C in the day and the night temperatures, which is causing illness among residents. \"I am suffering from running nose and breathing problems due to the cold nights and hot days,\" says Amarjeet Singh, a resident of Sector 42. \"We do not wear woolens during the day, but the cold evenings demand sweaters. This can make us fall ill,\" says Kamlesh Chandra, a resident of Sector 18.On Wednesday, the maximum temperature in the city will be around 26 degrees celsius and the minimum around 10 degrees C. The sky will be cloudy, according to the Delhi Indian Meteorological Centre's forecast, and mornings and late evenings hazy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17301842", "title": "For comfort, modify seats in low-floor buses", "text": "KOCHI: Amid controversies over operating low-floor AC buses on long distance routes, authorised Volvo dealers said that these buses were technically fit for the purpose, but admitted that reclining seats and head rests would make travel comfortable for passengers.Even though these buses have been designed for short-distance city travel, various transport authorities in the country have successfully operated long distance services using these buses.According to Sibi Mathai, managing director, Vista Driveline Motors, a Volvo dealer, these buses can run for long distances on normal, plain and smooth roads. \"Initially, we had warned against operating long distance services using these buses. But in Tamil Nadu , transport authorities modified the seats to provide better comfort to passengers and successfully operated services between Chennai and Trichy and Chennai and Hosur. The buses ran for more than 300 km at a stretch,\" he said. The dealer suggested providing head support and reclining seats for Volvos on long distance routes.Speaking on the efficiency of the transport corporation in carrying out maintenance works, the dealer said that while Thriuvananthapuram fared well, the situations at Ernakulam was not satisfactory. Volvo has trained KSRTC staff in carrying out repair works and vehicles are serviced under the supervision of the company's representatives. Many buses are damaged while being shunted in the congested KSRTC depot in Ernakulam. He also pointed out that these buses have not been involved in any major accidents.\"No major accidents involving Volvo low floor buses have been reported in the city. The drivers of these buses drive more carefully through city roads compared to private buses and other transport buses. It seems that they are more relaxed in driving such hi-tech buses which have sophisticated systems,\" said city traffic assistant commissioner V M Muhammed Rafeeq.The fully automatic buses rarely develop technical snags. \"The transport corporation should ensure that it deploys competent crew to handle these highly sophisticated vehicles,\" Sibi added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17304162", "title": "For Pg 1Keeping the holy dip free of bodies, carcasses", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Maha Kumbh Mela authorities here have drafted a seven-point work plan to dispose of unclaimed human bodies or carcasses of animals floating upstream in Ganga or Yamuna rivers during Kumbh scheduled at Sangam city from January to March 2013.The mela administration has also sought assistance from religious, social, cultural, environmental and public organisations to check pollution level in rivers and water bodies by informing departments like medical and heath, police and animal husbandry to take measures to dispose of the bodies at the earliest.Departments concerned have been directed to intercept bodies floating in Yamuna before they reach Karelabagh and those in Ganga before they float down to Rasoolabad ghat along Allahabad border. Health and police department have been assigned to depute boats to fish out the unclaimed bodies from upstream and send them for post mortem. Animal carcasses are to be disposed of inside a deep pit at a suitable place.Additional district magistrate (Kumbh) Ashutosh Kumar Dwivedi told TOI \"Nagar nigam has been asked to arrange vehicle for carrying bodies during Kumbh mela\". He added that district police chiefs and district magistrates of adjoining districts including Pratapgarh, Rae Bareli, Unnao, Kanpur, Kaushambi, Chitrakoot and Banda have been asked to take precautionary measures so that there was no unclaimed bodies or carcasses found floating towards Allahabad during Kumbh.In case an identified or unidentified mela visitor including kalpwasi, pilgrim, or beggar dies on or around the mela campus, teams of health and police department would be taking all measures to dispose of the body. If the identity of deceased was established, the body would be handed over to the family members for last rites outside the mela campus while in case of unidentified bodies the police station concerned would first be assigned to make efforts to ascertain the identity of the deceased and send the body to the mortuary under police custody.In case of any pilgrim died a foreign national during kumbh, the body would be kept preserved. Here, the anatomy department of MLN medical college/health department would take measures to protect the body till handed over to the kin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17301385", "title": "Road repair works take off in Satpur", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) has approved tarring road works worth Rs 1.15 crore in the Satpur industrial areas of Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC).Nashik Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association ( NIMA) president Dhananjay Bele said that while the NMC got revenue via taxes from industry, it did not provided infrastructure to industrial areas. But the civic administration has now also started patch-up and road repair works in Ambad MIDC. The move on repair works came about following a recent meeting between civic commissioner Sanjay Khandare and members of industrial bodies in Satpur and Ambad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "17301451", "title": "Yamuna Expressway Industrial Development Authority offices locked up by protesting farmers", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Around 250 farmers under the banner of Bhartiya Kisan Union (BKU) locked up Yamuna Expressway Industrial Development Authority (YEIDA) offices in Greater Noida on Tuesday morning, barring all officials from entering their offices for nearly five hours. The agitating farmers are seeking parity of compensation rates for all farmlands acquired from Greater Noida to Agra by the state government.BKU members reached YEIDA offices around 10am and courted arrest after protests. Armed with sticks and rods, hundreds of farmers locked up the offices. They then sat on the steps leading up to the two floors of offices so that officials could not attend to their work.Amidst heavy police presence, the farmers' organization shouted slogans and waited for senior officials of the Authority to start a dialogue. \"We have been demanding that YEIDA hand out enhanced compensation for acquired land at 64.7%. Also, the Authority should give us 10% developed plots in lieu of the total land acquired instead of 5%. This was directed by the Allahabad high court last year for land acquired in Greater Noida villages. We want the same compensation rates for all farmlands acquired in the entire district,\" said Ajay Pal Sharma, district BKU president, who led the protest.Senior district administration and YEIDA officials then held talks with the protesters around 3pm. \"That is when the farmers allowed officials to enter the offices,\" said an official.Two senior additional CEOs of YEIDA assured BKU members that their demands would be forwarded to the UP government as their issues had to be decided by the state. \"We can only sort out local issues. The matter regarding enhanced compensation and quantum of developed plots has to be decided by the state government,\" said a senior official.The BKU has given the Authority an ultimatum till November 30 to get an answer from the government failing which they have threatened to again stage a dharna. \"After November 30, we will intensify our stir and completely stop all work of the Authority,\" warned Sharma.Last month, BKU members had gheroaed YEIDA offices and locked out officials. At that time too several members had courted arrest. \"YEIDA officials had assured us that by November 20 they would sort out our issues, but they have failed to do so,\" Sharma said.Meanwhile, after the talks with BKU members YEIDA has agreed to distribute enhanced compensation to three villages \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Kherli Bhav, Chappagarh and Raunija.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17305466", "title": "Writer in me very strong, says Zoya Akhtar", "text": "Zoya Akhtar , daughter of veteran writers Javed Akhtar and Honey Irani, says she always had the mind of a writer, and she won't ever give up her passion for anything.\"The writer in me is very strong. I feel whether I direct my next film or not, that will not majorly affect my life. But no matter where I am, I can't stop writing,\" Zoya told IANS.\"In school, I would always score the highest on essays. Since school, I was told that I can write,\" she added.Besides, Zoya admits she always had the advantage of being Javed Akhtar's daughter.\"I only had an advantage of being his daughter because I had a special kind of upbringing. My brother and I grew up together and we never had this difference of a boy and a girl. Our exposure was very wide,\" she said.Zoya says she imbibed good reading habits from her father, and a lot more from her mother, who parted ways with Javed Akhtar years ago.\"My mom was in film school when we were in school, so we used to go to FTII (Film and Television Institute of India) on weekends. She used to collect a lot of films and she used to have lot of DVDs on world cinema. So Farhan and I have seen lot of films with her.\"\"I have learnt swimming, cycling and camping... all this we learnt from or mother. The reading habit (is what) I got from my father. Reading, questioning, analysing, discussing... all that came from my father,\" she added.Zoya says despite her parents' divorce, they had immense respect for each other.\"If my parents were together, life would have been different and now when they are not together, it's a different life. Now it's been too long. My parents' relationship is very strong, they have immense respect for each other and they are good friends.\"In the meantime, Zoya is busy promoting thriller movie Talaash , which she has scripted.Directed by Reema Kagti, Talaash features Aamir Khan , Kareena Kapoor and Rani Mukerji. It is slated to release Nov 30.Listen to Talaash songs on Gaana.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17303079", "title": "Koli Patels armtwist parties for more tickets", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17302929", "title": "Rahman's music has stifled lyrics, says Karnad", "text": "BANGALORE: At the end of an evening of poetry, flavoured by Urdu poets from Pakistan, India and Bangladesh, Jnanpith award-winning playwright Girish Karnad spoke of how Urdu lyrics, which once defined Bollywood , are now dead.\"I think the main culprit is AR Rahman. He is a great musician, his orchestration is beautiful and overpowering, as a result of which one misses the beauty of lyrics that once defined songs in Bollywood,\" the playwright said.Talking of technology and creativity, Karnad said: \"I was once chatting with Javed Akhtar and told him that ever since DTP took over, Kannada has been flooded with bad poetry. He replied: 'In Urdu, we've managed it even without any technical help'!\"The poetic Tuesday evening at Alliance Francaise, hosted by Chiranjeev Singh, along with the All India Urdu Manch, saw many anecdotes and literary experiences touch a chord among connoisseurs.Khaleel Mamoon, who put the show together said, \"This is the centenary year of Saadat Hasan Manto, which is why we've brought these talented writers from across borders to India.\"While Bangladeshi poet Ahmed Illyas spoke of poetry as the tool that elicits spontaneity, Bangalore-based poet Shaista Yusuf confirmed that Urdu poetry is much appreciated the world over.Asghar Nadeem Syed, poet, playwright and screenplay writer of many hit Pakistani television serials, confirmed that Karnataka, like Bengal, has a good artistic, cultural and literary atmosphere. \"And Karnad's Tughlaq and Tipu Sultan are popular in Pakistan too. I much appreciate his role in the film Dor and Ek Tha Tiger. In fact, all Hindi films released in Pakistan are sold out on Day 1!\" he beamed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17305837", "title": "Bachchan item dance progresses", "text": "The item song sequence featuring Daisy Shah, who has been a heroine of many Kannada films along with foreign dancers was shot for the film Bachchan directed by Shashank for producer Uday Mehta. The film's lead actor Kiccha Sudeep and Ravishankar had also participated in the item song sequence. The song which was choreographed by Chinni Prakash was picturised in a special set erected in the Abbaiah Naidu studios. Now, an action sequence for the same film is being shot on Kiccha Sudeep, Ravishankar and fighters for which action choreographer Ravi Varma has been involved. After picturising this high voltage action sequence, portions featuring Sudeep and Bhavana will be shot in Bengaluru. The shooting of the present schedule will go up to December 5 after which the entire talkie portions shoot would have been completed and only the work relating to the picturisation of songs would remain pending. Meanwhile, sources said that the Satellite rights of the film has fetched the producer the biggest amount so far for any Kiccha Sudeep film.Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17302109", "title": "HC notice to Punjab on rag pickers, beggars", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Taking suo motu cognizance of a letter written by former Punjab minister and senior BJP leader Laxmi Kanta Chawla, seeking education/rehabilitation of rag pickers, children/women indulging in begging in various parts of the state, the Punjab and Haryana high court on Tuesday put the Punjab government on notice.The suo motu cognizance was taken by the division bench comprising Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice R K Jain on the letter of Chawla, addressed to the Chief Justice. In her letter, Chawla has stated that despite the Prevention of Beggars Act 1971 being in force in the state, a large number of children and women can be seen begging at traffic lights or city roads. While alleging that no agency of the state government has taken any measure to prevent the children from begging, she submitted that if these children are not rehabilitated, they would either remain beggars through out their life or become criminals.Notice to HaryanaIn a similar matter, HC issued notice to the Haryana government on the alleged deprivation of right to education to a large number of minor children who do menial jobs in the premises of districts court Gurgaon. HC issued the notice after taking suo motu cognizance of a letter written to the Chief Justice by Delhi-based lawyer Deepika Singh. In her letter, she had stated that during her recent visit to Gurgaon court, she found around 50 children, between 5 and 10 years old, doing menial jobs in the complex.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17302268", "title": "Rice policy a priority in poll season", "text": "KOLKATA: With the panchayat polls looming, the state government is showing surprising urgency to frame a policy for rice procurement.More than 34 lakh villagers \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and voters \u00e2\u20ac\u201d are beneficiaries of the public distribution system of rice and wheat. Tribal groups of the three Jangalmahal districts receive 2kg rice and 1kg wheat at Rs 2 a kg.All district magistrates have been called for a meeting on December 1 with the chief secretary and ministers of five departments, including food, agriculture and agricultural marketing to frame a policy on rice procurement.Food minister Jyotipriya Mullick complained of non-cooperation from the CPM and Congress, saying he had not received any suggestions from them. \"Forty-four permanent procurement centres have been set up and another 400 camps will operational by the end of November,\" the minister said.The food department has set a target of 22 lakh metric tonnes rice for 2012-2013. Another 10 lakh metric tonnes will be procured for sale in Kerala and Tamil Nadu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17301556", "title": "South Goa planning and development authority orders demolition of 'illegal' building at Fatorda", "text": "MARGAO: The South Goa planning and development authority (SGPDA) has directed the owner of the building housing 'Madonna primary school' at Fatorda to demolish the structure on the grounds that the three-storey reinforced cement concrete (RCC) structure is 'illegally constructed'.In the notice dated November 19 issued to Shaikh Abdul Azeem under Section 52 of the TCP Act 1974, the SGPDA has issued directions to 'demolish/remove the said illegal development within 31 days from the receipt of this notice, failing which this authority shall cause the demolition/removal of the same and the cost for the said work shall be recovered from you'.The SGPDA, in the notice for demolition, has placed on record that Azeem failed to furnish the details sought from him and 'made several excuses' in his reply to the show cause notice issued to him.\"...it is evident that your claim that the construction is old is baseless and therefore you do not have any documentary proof to corroborate (your claims). From the site inspection report it is evident that the entire construction of the school is illegally constructed,\" the notice reads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17301635", "title": "Venue for 'BJP's VIPs'?", "text": "The air-conditioned temporary structure for the inaugural of the International Film Festival of India 2012 has been constructed with a capacity of over 2000 seats. The capacity is more than double that of inaugural venues for previous editions of IFFI. Sources said the number of seats was increased this year to accommodate many prominent BJP workers following the victory of the party in the assembly polls earlier this year. Seemed like the BJP-government was sticking to the IFFI theme of 'Vasudeva Kutumbakam' which means 'the world is one family' except in this case it was party instead of world.Akki sacrificed lunch for movies: Chief Guest Akshay Kumar , reading from a teleprompter, had a few fumbles in his speech. Akki amazingly revealed that in his childhood, his family consisting his parents and sister \"would forego lunch every Saturday to use the money saved to watch a film, and have four samosas and four mango-stick icecreams.\" The actor who was referred to as \"Kabhi rowdy toh kabhi joker\" by actress Perizaad Zorabian (who anchored the inaugural with actor Kabir Bedi ) said he still follows this ritual every Saturday, the difference being now he doesn't have to starve for lunch. However, the Khiladi's claims couldn't be verified immediately.Lip-syncing entertainment: Singer Kailash Kher , the main performer for cultural programme in the evening, was clearly lip syncing his songs that were pre-recorded. Kher, who is probably being paid a few lakhs for his performance at the inaugural should have done better than just lip-sync songs at an such a prestigious event.Mic fails for Parrikar: Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar was forced to speak from a cordless mic during the inaugural ceremony, as a mic on the stage was not functioning. The mic problem affected other dignitaries as well and was surprising for an international event.CM's tribute to Thackeray: In a saffron touch, Parrikar, attired in his customary half-sleeved shirt, made a reference to late Bal Thackeray and said \"May the almighty give peace to his soul.\"Same old problems again: Seems the organisers have not learnt from the bad experiences of previous editions of IFFI. This year too, many delegates did not receive their delegates kits as the volunteers at the kit distribution counter informed them that the kits had run out, leading to heart burn among some delegates. Some delegates said they received catalogues in the kit and a copy of the schedule minus the bag itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17305031", "title": "Dabangg 2: Kareena to play the new Munni", "text": "On November 7, we got you a sneak peek at Kareena Kapoor while on the sets of Dabangg 2 produced and directed by Arbaaz Khan .Barely a month into her marriage with Saif Ali Khan , the actress had been busy shooting the much talked about Fevicol Se number with Salman Khan . She sported a nose ring and a 70's style bouffant for the song that was to have a Lucknowi flavour.And now we bring you her look even before the video hits the tube. Kareena is dressed in a colourful ensemble embellished with tassels with her back in full view. Her costume has been designed by Manish Malhotra .Elaborating on her look, Manish said, \"Farah wanted a rustic look so the credit goes to her. She wanted the kind of look Kareena had in Chameli. Farah also wanted basic fabrics and colours and was very clear what she wanted. Kareena and I have worked for 12 years and there is a certain level of comfort between us. It's a big song and I think she looks fabulous.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17301769", "title": "Ponty shootout: Home ministry's intervention sought", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi Police have sought the Union home ministry's intervention to seek a detailed explanation from the Punjab Police as to how its personal security officers (PSOs) attached to slain businessman Ponty Chadha and his brother Hardeep Singh Chadha could move around with arms in the national Capital's jurisdiction without any prior intimation to the Delhi Police.The Delhi Police had initially sought a reply from the Punjab Police on why the latter had failed to inform it of the movement of its PSOs assigned to the Chadha brothers while they were here. The laid-down procedure requires the state police giving protection to a 'threatened' individual to coordinate with other state police in case s/he lives in another state or needs to travel outside the state.However, the reply from the Punjab Police only said Ponty and his brothers Hardeep and Rajinder had been given protection on account of a 'threat' assessed by the state government, besides detailing the number of PSOs assigned to them. No reasons were given as to why they did not bother to keep the Delhi Police informed of the presence of their armed PSOs in locations not falling under their jurisdiction.In Ponty's case, said home ministry sources, the Punjab Police should have coordinated with the Delhi Police, including keeping the latter informed of the location of the protectee. The firing by the PSOs present at the scene of crime -- not only of Punjab Police but also of the Uttarakhand Police (the latter assigned to Sukhdev Singh Namdhari, chairman of Uttarakhand Minorities Commission) \u00e2\u20ac\u201d has also been questioned, as they should have intimated the Delhi Police - in whose jurisdiction Chadha's farmhouse falls - as soon as trouble broke out.A senior MHA official said most often, the police personnel assigned by the respective states to their state Bhavans in the national Capital, were diverted for personal security of people travelling from that state.Incidentally, even though the Chadhas' PSOs may have fired on the spot, they can claim immunity citing the law that empowers them to use force in due discharge of their state duties, which is to ward off all threats to the life of the person they have been assigned to protect.The home ministry is also planning to write to all the states taking objection to a large number of neighbouring states giving police protection to individuals living in the national Capital.It will ask these states to accord police protection to private individuals strictly on the basis of their threat perception and coordinate with the local police of the area where the protectee resides or travels.The ministry may also ask the state police to direct the PSOs assigned by them to an individual, not to take part in unlawful activity of the protectee, including the use of force.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17303081", "title": "ATS officer's wife gets anticipatory bail", "text": "PUNE: The court of additional sessions judge S D Dharne on Tuesday confirmed the anticipatory bail plea of Anjali Nirmal, co-owner of Maya lounge bar at Wagholi.Anjali, the wife of state anti-terrorism squad (ATS) inspector Rajnish Nirmal, had been booked by the Pune rural police, along with disc jockey Sayyed Kasim, for allegedly organising a party at the bar on September 2. Five people had also been arrested. Judge Dharne granted bail to Anjali on furnishing a personal bond of Rs 15,000 with one solvent surety of the like amount in case of her arrest.Anjali was directed to report at the Lonikand police station whenever she was called for questioning. She was warned against influencing the witnesses and leaving the country without seeking permission from the court.Anjali's plea seeking anticipatory bail was filed through her lawyers Harshad Nimbalkar, Yogesh Pawar and Shreyas Kulkarni, who submitted that she had not played any role in the crime. They said she had only rented out the bar to Harmeet Sheney and Zaheer Abbas , managing partners of Red Enterprises and Services by executing a leave and licence agreement for 60 months on November 28, 2011.Nimbalkar argued that Sheney and Abbas had breached the terms and conditions of the agreement by illegally organising the party. He filed a copy of a notice sent by Anjali on September 4 to the managing partners, stating that she had cancelled the agreement and asking them to return the property. The lawyers said that Anjali's name did not figure in the FIR, but she had been shown as an absconding suspect in the remand plea filed before the magisterial court, following the arrest of the managing partners and others. They contended that her custodial interrogation was not essential as nothing was to be seized from her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17301963", "title": "Ferry project on revival mode", "text": "KOCHI: At a time when Kochi corporation is looking to improve public transportation facilities, the City Development Initiative for Asia (CDIA) has expressed interest in reviving the project for launching ferry services in the city. The project, which was supported by Asian Development Bank (ADB), has seen no progress after 2010. Acording to deputy mayor B Bhadra, the representatives of CDIA would arrive in Kochi next month to hold further discussions with the local body. The deputy mayor said that CDIA had communicated their plans on the sidelines of a conference on 'Perspective and experience on developing transport projects and its relationship to climate change mitigation' held at ADB headquarters in Manila on Thursday. Bhadra also stated that a traffic circulation plan would be put in place for Cochin Business District (CBD) to mitigate climate change. According to her, the local body should push for the Unified Metropolitan Transport Authority (UMTA) to regulate public transport in the city.While addressing the conference at Manila, she pointed out the need to identify the scope for improving congested junctions, and discussed parking proposals and pedestrian plans, rerouting plan for public transport systems, proposals for relocation of bus and truck terminals, bypass links, formulation of transportation development schemes and interchange points between MRTS/ future rail networks.Analyzing the financial aspects involved for implementing these projects, the deputy mayor suggested creating a special city cess. The deputy mayor said that the projects could be implemented by attracting private and public investment towards lower carbon technologies and sustainable land use practices. \"Resources can be mobilised from national and international institutions. The local body can call upon financial institutions to expand environmental investment and support carbon reduction efforts,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17302673", "title": "Water logged Mahdibagh RUB creates traffic nightmare", "text": "NAGPUR: Motorists using the Mahdibagh railway under bridge (RUB) are facing serious inconvenience owing to a technical fault. This fault has resulted into frequent traffic snarls at the railway crossing that connects five busy localities- Shanti Nagar, Maskasath and Dahi Bazar, Binaki Mangalwari, Kamptee road and Kamal Chowk-to each other.A local resident Sachin Bisen told TOI that in 2006 the Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation (MSRDC) constructed the RUB along with the Mahdibagh railway over bridge at a cost of Rs 4 crore. Soon the RUB started witnessing frequent water logging. The residents say water logging at the RUB has now become severe after the railways started track doubling work. The residents demanded that the railways should lower the level sewage network to prevent water logging.The gradient required for proper discharge of sewage water does not exist here. \"The nullah where the water is discharged is around 600 ft from RUB. The optimum gradient required will be around 6 ft. Since it does not exist, the pipeline gets choked. Even the drain from RUB does not serve the purpose,\" said Satranjipura zone's assistant municipal commissioner Milind Meshram.Meshram on Tuesday inspected the site along with railway's assistant divisional engineer Kanhaiyalal Goyal and executive engineer (construction) G M Nagrajan. He observed that it is also occurring also due to negligent attitude of railways. However, railway engineers blamed NMC and MSRDC for constructing RUB which is a technical failure. Meshram responded that finger pointing would not solve the problem.A group of residents of the nearby localities including Prem Nagar, Binaki Mangalwari, Khairipura, Lalganj, Mahdibagh colony led by Bisen resorted to a silent protest demanding that the authorities concerned restart the RUB and warning that they would resort to hunger strike. The residents also claimed that the ROB had failed to serve its purpose as it begins at Dahi Bazar area and ends near Rani Durgawati Chowk. Hence people coming from Maskasath and Shanti Nagar and going towards Binaki Mangalwari and Kamal Chowk are unable to use it. For this purpose the RUB was constructed. But it too failed to serve the purpose.Meshram advised the railway's officials to cover the chambers along the railway track. The railway officials assured to cover the chambers immediately and also to extend support to the NMC' sanitary workers to clean the drainage line.TOI found that due to knee-deep water, motorists were using the old railway crossing. The road from Shanti Nagar, Maskasath and Dahi Bazar towards Binaki Mangalwari, Kamptee road and Kamal Chowk is almost 40 ft wide. However, at the said crossing it becomes narrow. As a result, there is a traffic jam soon after the passing of any train and opening of gates.As a solution, residents like Jitendra Durugkar, Vinay Parate, Anup Hedao, Vishnu Joshi, Ganesh Yadav urged the authorities to widen the railway crossing. This will help remove the bottleneck, they suggested. They also threatened that if problem is not solved, they would take out a morcha to Vidhan Bhavan during forthcoming winter session of state legislature.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17305238", "title": "I didn't find Aamir Khan very rigid: 'Talaash' director", "text": "Box-office collections indicate how many people watched your film, not how many liked it, says Reema Kagti, whose second directorial venture \" Talaash\" is set for release Nov 30.\"All these numbers tell you how many people went to see the film and not how many people liked the film. So I feel if you want to judge a film, you can't just take the numbers approach. It's a creative art form at the end of the day,\" Kagti told IANS in a group interview.After the success of her debut film \" Honeymoon Travels Pvt Ltd\", Kagti teamed up with Aamir Khan , Rani Mukerji and Kareena Kapoor for thriller \"Talaash\".Having assisted in the making of \"Lagaan\" and \"Dil Chahta Hai\" , both starring Aamir Khan, Kagti said she enjoyed directing the superstar.\"I didn't find him very rigid. I had worked with him in ' Lagaan' and 'Dil Chahta Hai' and I had seen how he was. So, honestly, I really wasn't worried. He was very supportive. He really took the trouble to understand my vision and supported me with it,\" she said.\"I always felt that Aamir had the deepest respect for my vision. We never had a difference in opinion. I told him what I wanted to do with the film and he liked it. In this case, I don't think I had any fears of my film going out of my hands,\" she said.Kagti said she believed in taking suggestions from team members while making a film.\"I feel that a part of directing is giving your crew a fair hearing. Taking good ideas from people, taking inputs never diminishes a director's control. That's just the way filmmaking works. It is a collaborative art form,\" she said.Kagti, who co-scripted \"Talaash\" with friend Zoya Akhtar , the director of \"Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara\" , said the two are \"not stuck at the hip all the time\", but they were \"best friends \" and \"enjoy writing together\".Kagti and Akhtar are working on two more scripts together.\"Zoya and I are developing two new stories. One for me to direct and one for Zoya and, hopefully, we will have something in our hands in the next couple of months,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17300907", "title": "Friends pour in all day to pay tribute", "text": "NEW DELHI: Trying to cope with the sudden loss by sticking together, the Chadha household spent the entire Tuesday praying and following the chauthi at the Lodhi Road crematorium. Some members left for Haridwar soon after. The feeling that the tragedy could have been averted had the cops been more proactive was palpable among Ponty's well-wishers.On Tuesday, one of his well-wishers lamented the fact that police did not treat a call by Hardeep Chadha on Saturday very seriously. \"Just before the outbreak of violence at the farmhouse, Hardeep Chadha had called the police. He had categorically said he was seeking police help as he was apprehensive that there could be violence. A police team could have at least checked what was going on inside the residence,'' the well-wisher said.\"Gunshots were being fired, workers were being thrashed and evicted, their cellphones taken away, and one of them was even abducted from farmhouse number 42 on Saturday morning. Police did not come to know what had transpired, though the Mandi outpost was just a few hundred metres away. Half an hour later around 11.50am, when the cops were informed, a PCR van came only to find everything peaceful. We are still shocked by the police's reaction,'' said the source. A member of Ponty Chadha's family said they were cooperating with the police and were satisfied with the probe so far.Top police sources clarified that they had received no request from the family regarding the nature and method of probe by Delhi Police. \"We have not got any request from the Chadha family,'' joint commissioner (southwestern range) Vivek Gogia said on Tuesday when asked whether the cops had received a request from the immediate family of Ponty and Hardeep for probing the involvement of a third party in the murder.Meanwhile, 21 DLF Farms, the family farmhouse, continued to witness a host of activities as friends , family members and well-wishers dropped in to pay their condolences. The family has announced ardas of the two brothers on November 22 at the Rakabganj Gurudwara.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17301894", "title": "'Kidnapped' man traced in Orai district", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Mahanagar businessman who was reportedly kidnapped on Saturday was traced by the police in Orai district on Tuesday. Pawan Pathak, the businessman who was allegedly kidnapped, was on his way to Lucknow on Tuesday night along with the police team that rescued him from his abductors from the Orai district.Police registered a case of kidnapping against Dilip Chauhan. \"The accused is absconding and we are trying to trace him,\" said Veer Singh, in charge of Mahanagar police station. A joint team comprising officials from special task force, Mahanagar police and Orai police, raided the premises of the house where Pawan was kept by the accused and his accomplices.Police said the accused was acquainted with Pawan and suspected that the latter reached Orai at his will and not under force, as reported by his family. Pawan, who runs a courier agency, stays at Ramkrishna Marg in the Mahanagar area.According to Pawan's family, he left home for Allahabad on Saturday. On reaching Charbagh railway station, he left his two-wheeler in the parking area before boarding the train. On Sunday evening, his brother Manish got a call from Pawan's cell phone but the caller was not the latter. Manish told the police that the caller asked for Rs 10 lakh from family members as ransom to release Pawan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17303082", "title": "Activist launches awareness drive on taxation", "text": "PUNE: Senior consumer rights activist and founder of Akhil Bharatiya Grahak Panchayat, Bindumadhav Joshi, has launched a nationwide drive to spread awareness about the economy and taxation policy of the government.In a statement issued here, Joshi stated that the Union government was imposing various taxes on the common man in the name of fiscal deficit, but the government's own policies are creating the deficit. Instead of correcting the same, the government was imposing more taxes.Joshi issued the statement after holding a two-day workshop with economist Prakash Pathak at Songir in Dhule district for 250 consumer rights activists from various parts of the state.Pathak said, \"People need to understand how economic decisions are taken and how they are justified. Taxation has direct impact on people and sometimes we notice that higher taxes are imposed and a large amount of money is generated from it. Once people know how tax is charged and for what purpose, they will be able to understand whether it is necessary.\"The workshop also focused on making the complicated issues simple to understand for common people. The consumer rights activists will conduct similar awareness programmes in various parts of the country from January.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17301669", "title": "Left rebuffs Mamata Banerjee's support to no-trust vote", "text": "NEW DELHI: Left parties called arch-rival Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee's offer to support if the CPM moved a no-confidence motion in Parliament an act of desperation in the face of fear of political isolation once again. Banerjee had called CPI MP Gurudas Dasgupta on Monday night with the suggestion.\"Does this mean she has already lost hope of garnering support for her no-confidence motion? By approaching the Left parties, she is sowing confusion and differences which is the hallmark of her brand of politics,\" said veteran CPI leader A B Bardhan.Left leaders said after the row over propping up candidates for presidential poll and then eating her words and supporting Pranab Mukherjee as the presidential candidate, she once again fears political isolation.CPM was unfazed by her offer. A senior CPM leader said, \"We had said right from the beginning that given the numbers, no-confidence motion is not the right strategy. She (Mamata) has been thoroughly isolated again after the presidential poll.\"On Monday, CPM general secretary Prakash Karat had said, \"The Left parties believe a no-confidence motion is not the right tactic as its defeat will endorse the UPA government's wrong policies.\"According to the CPM, the best way to corner the (UPA) government and put it in the dock is to put FDI in multi-brand retail to vote in Parliament.\"In 1993, we (CPM) had moved a no-confidence motion against the Narsimha Rao government,\" Karat said. The government of the day was saved through buying MPs leading to the JMM bribery scandal.In the current political scenario in Parliament, the CPM believes it cannot win a no-confidence motion. \"It will not help us,\" Karat had said, adding, \"I hope Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee would listen to the opposition voice and realize her option was not the best.\"CPM Rajya Sabha member Sitaram Yechury said, \"Our issue is not the government, but the policy. We want the policy (FDI in retail) to change. Governments come and go, but if the same policy continues we will continue to oppose it.\"A senior CPM leader said, \"A no-confidence motion in Parliament is not a state subject that somebody can announce it unilaterally from Writers' Buildings in Kolkata. Before making such announcements, any serious political party would hold parleys with other parties, work out a sound strategy and build a consensus. But, she does not believe in any of this.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17301123", "title": "College set up by minister under lens", "text": "MUMBAI: University of Mumbai has finally set up a committee that will conduct an inquiry into Matsyodari Shikshan Sanstha (MSS) College of Commerce set up in the residential complex in Vashi by higher and technical education minister Rajesh Tope.The three-member committee is all set to visit the campus in Silicon Tower on Wednesday. However, pro vice-chancellor Naresh Chandra, did not reveal the names of panel members.The committee will look into a complaint filed by Maharashtra Navnirman Vidyarthi Sena (MNVS) workers who filed several RTIs to unearth information about the college's affiliation to the university.MSS College of Commerce that was set up in 2007 is managed by the trust owned by Tope's family. Apart from flouting norms set by the University Grants Commission, the college does not even have its own land.Speaking to the paper, Tope said, \"We will try to move to a new location as soon as possible. If we are unable to get a plot before April, then we will shut the college.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17300777", "title": "Fewer schools, growth of infra gets setback", "text": "NEW DELHI: There is not much to cheer about in the classroom, going by the statistics released by Delhi government on Tuesday. Despite the increase in the number of students, enrolment at the primary level (Class I) continued to decline in the 2010-11 academic session as against 2009-10. This is the second consecutive annual decline, along with a fall in the number of primary schools. In fact, student enrolment in Class II also declined in the last academic session, dropping from 3,52,128 to 3,45,335.The figures in Delhi Statistical Handbook 2012 fail to show any improvement in the building of educational infrastructure. There are only five additions to the total number of middle schools in the state while the number of pre-primary schools remains stuck at 50. Another downside is the decline in the number of students in professional institutions.While the Capital implemented Right to Free and Compulsory Education in 2010, the number of primary school continued to decline for the second consecutive year, slipping to 2,563 from 2,586 in 2009-10. The changes in the number of middle schools also remain insignificant as compared to the increase in the number of students since just five new schools were added to the 2009-10 total of 583. The drop is significant if compared to the 2008-09 data as there were 659 middle schools then.The president of All India Parents Association, Ashok Agarwal, said that due to the increase in private schools, the government is systematically closing down its own schools. \"In fact, in the past three years, the government has closed down around a hundred schools \u00e2\u20ac\u201d in some cases to build swimming pools and parking spaces. Some schools have been merged as well. As far as the decline in enrolment is concerned, it speaks a lot about the quality of infrastructure and teaching in the government and MCD-run schools as parents are preferring private schools. Unfortunately, this is having an adverse impact on the lower economic strata as students from this segment are struggling to get admission in primary schools,\" Agarwal said.The period also saw a worrying slowdown in the spread of literacy. In fact, literacy growth was the slowest in the past four decades with the city recording a literacy level of 86.34% in 2011 as against 81.67% ten years ago. This increase of 4.67 percentage points is the lowest decadal growth \u00e2\u20ac\u201d even lower than the 4.93 percentage points recorded between 1971 and 1981 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d in the past 40 years.While there has been no increase in the number of educational institutions, the enrolment of girls has shot up significantly in the higher educational institutions, up from 93,635 in 2009-10 to 1,27,371 in 2010-11. Enrolment of boys, however, declined by 13,561 in the same period. The overall enrolment also improved. But the number of students in technical education dropped to 22,185 from 23,748 in 2010-11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17303289", "title": "This planet is 13 times as big as Jupiter", "text": "WASHINGTON: Astronomers have discovered a new 'super-Jupiter' planet, 13 times bigger than Jupiter, the largest planet in our own solar system. The planet orbits a star called Kappa Andromedae that is 2.5 times the mass of the Sun and is located 170 light-years away from Earth.As the giant planet discovered is larger than Jupiter , it has classified as a \"super-Jupiter\".Astrophysicists at the University of Toronto say the object, which could represent the first new observed exoplanet system in almost four years, has a mass at least 13 times that of Jupiter and an orbit somewhat larger than Neptune's.The host star around which the planet orbits has a mass 2.5 times that of the Sun, making it the highest mass star to ever host a directly observed planet.\"Our research team identified a faint object located very close to Kappa Andromedae in January that looks much like other young, massive directly imaged planets but does not look like a star,\" said researcher Thayne Currie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17302089", "title": "UK McDonald's bans PIO 'Peeping Tom'", "text": "LONDON: An Indian-origin man in Britain has become the first person to have been banned from all 1,200 McDonald's outlets in England and Wales after being caught spying on two women in the restaurant's toilets.Thirty-two-year-old Sukhbir Singh sneaked into the ladies' toilets at a branch of the fast food giant in Birmingham where he hid in the cubicles and watched the women in February this year. Magistrates were told he was caught after being disturbed by a customer who then alerted staff, the 'Daily Mail' reported.Singh fled but CCTV operators tracked him from the restaurant and his image was passed to police officers. Police arrested Singh, from Handsworth, Birmingham, ten days later. Singh was also charged with another offence in the eatery against another victim on February 3. He was handed an anti-social behaviour order banning him from women's changing rooms, toilets and all 1,200 McDonald's in England and Wales.Singh denied the charges but was found guilty of secretly \"observing another person doing a private act for sexual gratification\" after a trial at Birmingham on July 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "17301192", "title": "Dera followers booked for blocking NH-10", "text": "SIRSA: The Sirsa police on Tuesday booked unidentified members of Dera Sacha Sauda sect for jamming the national highway (No-10), the police spokesman said in Sirsa on Tuesday.On November 18, one follower of Dera Sacha Sauda and two Sikhs were injured as the groups of Dera followers and a group of Sikhs clashed with each other at Jiwan Nagar area of Rania block.Jagtar Singh, the dera follower, was rushed to a private hospital in Sirsa. Alleging police inaction into entire incident, the agitating dera followers blocked the Bhatinda-New Delhi national highway( NH-10) for 45 minutes by laying siege on the Lal Batti Chowk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17302249", "title": "Madurai corporation demolishes unused overbridge", "text": "MADURAI: An unused foot overbridge in Periyar Bus Stand was demolished on Tuesday by the Madurai Corporation.The foot overbridge was constructed 14 years ago and had drawn flak since its inception stages. The civic body had spent nearly Rs30 lakh on the construction of the overbridge. However, the bridge remained unused since the day of its inauguration.Moreover, due to lack of use, the bridge became a haven for illegal activities like ganja peddling, prostitution etc. Further, many passerby used the space under the bridge to relieve themselves leading to stench that affected the surroundings.Since this public place turned out to be a bane, the proposal to bring down the structure was discussed many times in the corporation council meetings along with the closure of subway near Government Rajaji Hospital.During the council meeting, Mayor VV Rajan Chellappa had assured of necessary steps to be taken. Therefore, on Tuesday, the overbridge was demolished. The corporation claimed that another Rs11 lakh would be spent to demolish the structure thereby escalating the cost of this structure to over Rs 40 lakh.\"When the plan of this bridge was proposed, people had opposed it. They were not ready to use the bridge. Had the corporation paid heed then, the public money would not have gone waste,\" recalls Madurai South MLA R Annadurai.\"Public awareness needs to be brought in first. They need to be told the use of using such a bridge or other structures of their convenience. This will encourage the public to use these basic amenities to the fullest. With the corporation proposing construction of many more subways and foot overbridges in the city limits in the coming years, it is necessary that public opinion is sought as well,\" added Annadurai/However, city corporation commissioner, R Nadagopal said that the overbridge had developed cracks and it had to be demolished in order to prevent any possible collapse. He said, \"The structure was hindering the traffic and caused hardship to the public. Therefore, it was required to be removed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17301915", "title": "Two cheats held for drawing cash via forged cheques", "text": "LUCKNOW: Police nabbed two persons for cheating private companies of Rs 35 lakh though forgery. Shoaib Israr and Abhay Singh procured original cheques of companies and made their copies using a scanner and withdrew of various amounts adding up to lakhs of rupees. Besides Lucknow-based firms, the duo allegedly duped companies based in Maharashtra and Gujarat.Police received several reports of forgery in the past few weeks and the team working on the case found a set pattern. Bank officials were alerted to inform the police team if Anil Singh the decoy account holder in the case came to any of the bank branches. Some days back the two criminals had deposited two forged bearer cheques amounting to a total of about Rs 9.5 lakh in State Bank of India's Jawahar Bhavan branch in Anil Singh's account and made good with the money once it got transferred.Goldrush Sales and Services Limited, the company targeted by the youths in the said case, informed SBI officials that they had not issued any cheque to Anil Singh. Hazratganj police was informed on Monday that two persons had come to deposit a cheque in Anil Singh's account. The team reached the branch and the two were caught red-handed. The duo had Rs 3.03 lakh in their possession at the time of arrest, according to the police. The duo used fake documents to open several bank accounts in Lucknow. The main accused Shoaib confessed to the police that he learnt the art of forging cheques from his managers while working with a leading Indian bank in Mumbai. He shifted his base to Lucknow following a spat with his accomplices over division of embezzled fund.The police said that earlier this month the duo had duped an Ahmedabad-based construction firm to the tune of Rs 5 lakh by duplicating their cheque and submitting it in Gomtinagar branch of HDFC Bank . The duo were helped by one of their friends in the said case, who had emailed them an original cheque of the company from Ahmedabad. The duo had a full-fledged set up including scanner, ink pads, printer, laptop, duplicate cheques and incomplete cheques, in their Chinhat residence. Shoaib, the mastermind hails from Alahabad while Abhay, a student of BA second year is from Ambedkarnagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17301400", "title": "Follow traffic rules &amp; flash TOI to win great prizes daily", "text": "Being a Times of India reader is always a rewarding experience. Not only do we bring detailed news and updates from your city, nation and the globe, but we also bring out awareness campaigns about relevant issues.The Times of India brings to you, Win With The Times - an initiative that gives out prizes worth lakhs. All you need to do is -simply spot our teams at traffic junctions across the city &amp; flash today's copy of The Times of India for a chance to win a prize on-the-spot. No slogan writing, no scratching of cards, no filling up contest forms - just winning prizes. But do remember, carrying a copy of The Times of India will not be enough, you must also be careful about following traffic rules.Our teams will be positioned across Gurgaon at key traffic intersections in a drive to give away thousands of prizes to readers who are making the roads safe. With a population of about 15 lakh, congestion at peak hours is a common sight.Gurgaon Traffic Police, with a work force of over 315 cops, have been doing their job to ensure smooth flow of traffic in the city and Win With The Times has joined hands with them to make safe driving a fun filled activity too.Win With The Times along with traffic police is all set to make city roads safer. So Gurgaon, today when you step out of your home, don't forget to drive safe and carry a copy of The Times of India, show it our teams and you could win great prizes!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17303259", "title": "A jazz musician connects with Carnatic music", "text": "COIMBATORE: The enthusiasm is evident on Mark Stone's face when he plays Marimba, an African folk percussion instrument, inside the cool confines of his hotel room in the heart of the bustling Coimbatore city. He pauses for a moment as he points out to enjoy the positive vibrations arising from the instrument, which according to him will be missing in the modern versions of the Marimba. Stone, an expert percussionist and professor of world music at the Oakland University in the US, is set to enthral city residents when he jams with the Carnatica Brothers, K N Shashikiran and P Ganesh in a two-hour session of Carnatic Jazz at the Sarojini Nataraj Auditorium of Kikkani Higher Secondary School on Wednesday.\"It will be a unique experience and I am looking forward to perform here in Coimbatore. I have been learning Carnatic music for the last two years and I wanted to visit India to widen my knowledge and experience of Carnatic music,\" says Stone.For Stone, music symbolises cultural identity. He has extensively travelled and researched on African music, especially of Uganda, and music of the Caribbean. Percussion is his forte and he has been researching various instruments.\"A lot of my students are interested in learning about Carnatic music and other varieties of Indian music. We even conduct an annual musical fest called Sarovar in which Indian music is featured,\" Stone added.The interest in the diversity of world music is there, but Marimba, which to the uninitiated eyes resembles a xylophone, is the first love for Stone. \"I did not find the Marimba, the Marimba found me when I was just six years old,\" claims Stone.Stone's musical journey began after his neighbour, a multiple sclerosis patient who was Marimba player offered to teach him to play the instrument. He took up the offer and soon mastered the Marimba and also decided to branch out to other percussion instruments. \"Music should always be a mix of tradition and innovation to ensure that it reaches maximum audience without any bias,\" Stone adds.Stone is co -founder and partner of Jumbie Records, a musical platform that supports innovative musicians from the US, Ghana, Guinea and Hungary. He is married to Lesley-Anne, also a musician, and the couple have three children. Stone counts Johann Sebastian Bach and Thelonius Monk, the American jazz pianist, among his inspirations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17300793", "title": "32.2% of households have just a room to call home", "text": "NEW DELHI: The mathematical 'average' resident of Delhi may be prospering in terms of per capita income but on the ground, nearly 32.2% of city households have just a room to call their home. This clearly indicates a very large proportion of the lower middle class in the city's population.Statistics released on Tuesday under the head \"households by number of dwelling rooms\" also show that 29.6% of the households live in two-room units while 1% share a room with other families. As per the Census 2011 data, 43,813 families live in shared rooms and nearly 40,000 of them are in urban Delhi.Just about 20% households enjoy the comfort of three-room units and those with four rooms are even rarer at 3.48 lakh (10.4%) in a city with a population of 1.67 crore. Around one lakh families live in houses with five rooms and 1.15 lakh in houses with six or more rooms.More than revealing the divide between the haves and the have-nots, this data drives home the need to focus on housing for the economically weak.The statistical handbook further reveals the struggles that surround urban life in Delhi. There are a total of 33.4 lakh households. While the government has highlighted the rise of the nuclear family household of four members, making up for 24% of total households, the handbook reveals that families with six to eight members are most common, accounting for 25.6% of all households. Five-member households, too, make up a significant 20.4%. This shows that 46% of the households have five to eight members and many of them belong to the lower middle class that is trying to adjust in one- and two-room dwelling units. There are also 1,98,679 households with nine or more members.Drawing on the Census 2011 data, the handbook reveals that, of the 44,81,133 houses available in the city, 4,90,135 (10%) are lying vacant. And 92,832 or 2.8% are in a dilapidated condition. In terms of ownership, 22.8 lakh (68.2%) houses belong to residents while 9.4 lakh (28.2%) are rented out, indicating the high rate of migration into the city.Also, the population growth chart shows a shift in population distribution. The decadal growth in 2001-2011 for the entire city was 20.96%. However, population declined 25.35% in New Delhi district and 10.48% in Central district, which is seen to be the heart of Delhi.The highest growth in population has been seen in the Southwest (30.62%) followed by 27.63% in the Northwest, 26.73% in the Northeast, 20.59% in the South, 18.91% in the West, 16.68% in the East and 13.04% in the North.The high growth in Southwest, Northwest and Northeast Delhi reflects the growing concentration of urban migrants in unauthorized colonies and the poor slum dwellers who are being edged out without proper planning to the peripheries of the city as part of slum removal drives taken up from time to time by the state and civic agencies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17303236", "title": "When the bubble burst", "text": "COIMBATORE: K N Ranganathan, a 35-year-old mini tempo driver from Annur in Coimbatore and N Kanthasamy, a 55-year-old farmer from Tirupur, have little in common. Their paths crossed for the first time Tuesday afternoon outside the district crime branch and economic offences wing unit at the Police Commissionerate complex here and the two men realised that they shared a common plight. They both are victims of financial frauds that have left hundreds of people in Coimbatore and neighbouring districts grieving in recent times.The schemes have few things in common except that they all were aimed at robbing gullible investors. For instance, Ranganathan had invested Rs 2 lakh with the Fine Futures India, an online trading firm that promised monthly interest of 8.5%, while Kanthasamy deposited Rs 1.5 lakh with Jothivel Emu Farms, which promised similar returns by selling emu meat. Both men were at the police commissioner's office to file complaints. \"Everybody said it (emu farms) was a good venture to invest money,\" said Kanthasamy.The list of fraudulent schemes is mind-boggling: Paazee forex scam, Emu rearing scam, online multi-level marketing fraud, copra scam. The embezzlement runs into crores of rupees and the number of victims are in hundreds. Tragically, many investors lack even basic documents that record their investments.\"In marketing online scam, most of the complainants do not even have proper document to prove they have invested their money. No formal FIR has been registered in connection with the case yet and we are receiving the grievances of the alleged investors,\" says A Murugasamy, deputy superintendent of police, District Crime Branch, Coimbatore.So, what prompted people to flock to these schemes?Ranganathan admits it was the desire to make some quick money. Friends proffered advice and he blindly followed, pledging family gold to raise the capital. \"Most of the agents who were canvassing for the firm were known to us and many of my friends had invested in it,\" he adds.Investigating officials too blame the urge on the part of investors to make money fast for the proliferation of scams. Falling returns from agriculture, recession in manufacturing, galloping inflation, and, most importantly, financial illiteracy and gullibility, created the perfect setting for scamsters to flourish. The victims include farmers, government employees and even businessmen.T Muthusamy, district secretary of Tamilaga Vyavasayigal Sangham from Erode, says the association had tried to dissuade farmers from investing in schemes like Emu rearing. He says several farmers have lost money making investments in such projects. \"As per the statements of most of the victims they were fully convinced that they were making a wise decision while handing out the money,\" says S Easwari, deputy superintendent of police, Economic Offences Wing, Coimbatore.\"Some of my relatives and friends advised me to invest in emu farms after yield from my coconut grove in Tirupur fell. The scheme was widely advertised in newspapers and television channels and I invested Rs 1.5 lakh in Jothivel Emu Farm,\" says K Jeevanantham, a farmer from Tirupur.The aggressive marketing strategy through mass media and by way of mouth using agents and accomplices is cited as one reason for the large number of victims. \"It is a kind of cyclic reaction where one investor indirectly convinces his friend or relative by spreading news about the scheme and the offers made by the scamsters,\" says another investigating official.Financial experts attribute the phenomenon to a state called financial innumeracy which often is broadly defined as an inability to make sense of numerical factors involved in financial dealings. Srikanth Meenakshi, director, Funds India.com, says the fraudsters exploit the inability of their victims to see through their tall claims of high interest rates and decamp with their money. \"It is a technique used in all major financial scams everywhere in the country including the recent stockguru scam. People should think for a moment and realise that they should immediately walk away from any offer where high interest rates like 12% are being assured to investors,\" says Meenakshi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17303264", "title": "Investigators have their hands full", "text": "COIMBATORE: The scope and extent of the massive financial fraud in the western districts of Tamil Nadu could be gauged from the fact that both central and state investigation agencies were entrusted with the probe due to the sheer scale of the financial embezzlement and the number of victims. All cases are presently in various stages of investigation and trial and there have been multiple arrests. The Coimbatore wing of the Economic Offences Wing has filed a chargesheet against Susi Emu in connection with emu rearing scam before Tamil Nadu Protection of Interests of Depositors (TNPID) court in Coimbatore on Tuesday. \"The main priority at the moment for us is the Emu rearing scam as more cases are getting registered on a daily basis,\" said a senior official with the Economic Offences Wing, Coimbatore.As per official records, over 2400 people were duped by Susi Emu Farm, one of the main emu farm units that have come under the scanner in connection with the scam. Guruswamy, MD of Susi, is presently in jail and the government has slapped the Goondas' Act against him.\"Emu farms were being promoted by all major newspapers and television channels so I did not think twice before investing my money,\" said M Sivasamy, a farmer from Tirupur who was reportedly cheated after he invested with a emu farm.In the case of Paazee forex scam, the CBI has submitted the chargesheet and the trial is presently progressing at the Tamil Nadu Protection of Interests of Depositors (TNPID) court in Coimbatore. As many as 48,000 victims were duped in the racket in which huge deposits were canvassed from them in return for high interest rates on instalment basis. The scheme proved to be a goldmine for the managing directors of the Paazee Forex Trading private firm, K Mohanraj, K Kathiravan and A Kamlavalli, who is presently out on bail. A senior IPS official, Pramod Kumar, was also arrested for his alleged connivance with the accused during his term as inspector general of police, west zone, in Coimbatore when the private firm went bust and investors started demanding their money back.Meanwhile, the District Crime Branch in Coimbatore is collecting petitions from alleged victims of Fine Futures, an online multilevel marketing platform which is believed to have orchestrated embezzled at least Rs 1,000 crore. Police are recording the statements and versions of victims from Coimbatore, Salem, Nilgiris and Erode districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "pilar", "code": "17301702", "title": "Test faith like a thermometer: Bishop of Belgaum", "text": "PILAR: Bishop of Belgaum, Peter Machado, has stressed on the need to test one's faith like a thermometer and when God does not give what one asks for, it should not be an opportunity to grow less in faith.Machado was speaking as the main celebrant for the celebrations to commemorate the 85th death anniversary of Venerable Fr Agnelo de Souza at Pilar.Focusing on the theme 'Ven. Fr Agnelo - An inspiration to live a life of faith, love and hope', Machado said, \"We need to pray for the sainthood of Fr Agnelo not merely on account of his exemplary life, but that he may be an example to all of us\".Dwelling on the theological virtues of faith, hope and love, Machado recalled the words of Pope Benedict XVI , \"Open the doors of faith\", while declaring this year as the 'Year of faith'.\"When you ask God something and He gives it to you, it indicates your faith in God. But, when He does not give it to you, that shows God's faith in you,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "kokrajhar (assam)", "code": "17301916", "title": "Assam violence: Refugees went back home to reap a bitter harvest", "text": "KOKRAJHAR (ASSAM): In the latest round of violence in Assam's Kokrajhar district, the first blood was spilled over bundles of paddy. Early morning on November 10, in Bajugaon village in Gossaigaon division, Ainal Haque had spent four hours bent over the ripened stalks, cutting and bundling them, with his friend Sadan Talukdar, when three men slipped out of the shadows of the encircling trees. In the scuffle that ensued, Sadan miraculously escaped, but Ainal was pinned down and shot dead.Nine more killings followed in a week - of the ten killed, eight were Muslims and two Bodos - a return of blood-letting in an area that had seen nearly a hundred lives lost and more than four lakh people displaced in violent clashes between Bodos and Muslims in July and August. That violence has returned at the time of harvest is not without reason. \"If a farmer can harvest his crop, he is richer by 15,000-25,000 rupees. If he is stopped from harvesting, those who stop him can enrich themselves in turn,\" says G P Singh, the inspector-general of police, who points out that the first round of violence was timed to the sowing season, while the second round to the harvest.But economic competition between the two communities is not limited to the fruits of one agricultural season. A long-running tussle over land, which fuelled the clashes, is now impeding rehabilitation, in turn sparking fresh friction.Bodo leaders are convinced there is a large population of illegal Bangaldeshi immigrants among local Muslims. In August, when they sat down to draw up a rehabilitation plan with a Group of Ministers (GoM) of Assam government, representatives of the Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) - which has special powers to administer four districts of Assam - insisted on a verification process to separate citizens from migrants among the refugees before they could be given official rehabilitation assistance to go back and rebuild homes. The GoM accepted this demand.In the first six days of September, district officials visited relief camps to collect 30,000-odd applications. The officials matched the details in the applications with revenue records and by mid-October, 17,016 applications were approved - of those who owned land and of the descendants of land owners. \"If my father or grandfather has land in the village, it means I am a genuine resident and not an illegal immigrant,\" says Jayant Narlikar, Kokrajhar's deputy commissioner, explaining the rationale used to identify eligible people.With 17,016 applications forwarded to BTC, officials returned to the camps to photograph all the families found eligible. By the middle of November, however, BTC sent back only 4,698 applications, approving only those who owned land directly. Of those, nearly half were of Bodos.\"We were verifying the genuineness of people, while it appears BTC was solely verifying land ownership,\" says Narlikar.\"Your grandpa had 20 children. They, in turn, have 20 children each. How can you mention land in your grandpa's name and still be considered as a land owner,\" counters the deputy chief of BTC, Kampha Borgoyary. He claims BTC simply placed the applications in two categories - those who had land and those who did not. \"In meetings, we said even those not having land but who are descendants (of land owners) could go back to the villages,\" he says. The rider - to avail rehabilitation, they would have to prove their line of descent in a second round of verification.Some believe that by cutting short the public list, and yet taking a more liberal view in closed door meetings, BTC manage to cleverly score political points - they conveyed to their Bodo constituents that they had done utmost to stem the tide of Muslims.Far away from the official deliberations and machinations, in Soganchara relief camp, 33 year old Mansuf Ali, patiently waiting for the rehabilitation assistance, was thrilled when he was photographed with his wife and children - it was a sign the money was on its way. But later, as he heard only 4000-odd applications had been approved by BTC, he didn't wait any longer, and rushed back home, keen to harvest the crop he had sown in his three bighas of land, most of it in his deceased father's name, but half-a-bigha in his own.But with the area still tense, Mansuf had to forgo the harvest. He now lives in a makeshift tent outside his village. Through all the upheaval, he has carefully guarded a plastic folder, bursting with neatly laminated documents - his birth certificate from 1979, land ownership papers from 1960, a certificate from the national register of citizens in 1951 which shows his father was 18 years old at that time. Despite the voluminous documents, Mansuf is yet to receive the rehabilitation grant.Of the 90 displaced families of Bajugaon village, only five have received the grant. For Abdul Aziz Shaikh, one of the recipients, a prominent land owner in the area, the money is of little consolation. He hasn't been able to harvest his 41 bighas of paddy. On his return from the camp, the first time he visited his land, a group of Bodo men told him that he should stay away. The next time he went, bullets were fired in a distance. A few days later, not far from Shaikh's fields, Ainal Haque was shot dead.Close to Bajugaon, in Doawagiri village, both Muslim and Bodo villagers who had escaped to relief camps have now come back. In the Bodo quarter, all the families who lost homes have received the rehabilitation grant. Some were quick to harvest their crop, but others who started late had to stop mid-way - soon after Ainal Haque's killing, curfew was imposed, uniting Bodo and Muslim farmers in the despair over this year's bitter harvest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17301961", "title": "Corporation has a Volvo headache", "text": "KOCHI: The corporation may be seeking state government's permission to float a special purpose vehicle (SPV) for running low-floor Volvo AC buses, but they don't have any plan to make the service profitable.The civic body's failure does not stop at this. They have failed to make the service popular among citizens as envisaged by the JNNURM scheme, and have not bothered to provide adequate parking facilities for users taking these buses from the suburbs. The corporation has also taken any measures or force KSRTC to ensure that the purpose is served.When the AC low-floor buses were pressed into service, the plan was to provide parking facilities to those coming to the city from the suburbs by car. Though parking facilities should have been arranged at various points in the city connecting the suburbs, authorities have not done anything to arrange them. \"Once the construction of mobility hub is complete, there will be provision for car parking. Other than the proposed parking facility at mobility hub, there are no plans for arranging parking spaces at various points in the city,\" said Sebastian Thomas, KSRTC zonal officer.According KSRTC officials, the Volvo buses have also failed to generate revenue. \"At first, the revenue from services in Kochi had reached the break-even level, while the service in Thiruvananthapuram was running at a loss. Now the situation has reversed. The revenue from the Kochi buses have decreased,'' Sebastian said. The decision to use the AC low-floor buses for long distance service was taken against this backdrop.The KSRTC was also not keen on identifying new routes to operate city services. Many councillors belonging to both ruling and opposition had demanded the intervention of the civic body in fixing the routes. But corporation authorities didn't do anything in this regard. \"The first step is to float an SPV. Then we will be able to take care of all these issues,'' Mayor Tony Chammany said. He, meanwhile, agreed that the only effort the civic body had made for floating an SPV was writing a letter to the state government. This was done in 2009 - well before the present council assumed power.The corporation's failure to constitute the Unified Metropolitan Transport Authority (UMTA) has also added to its Volvo woes. \"When UMTA comes into existence, a control room will be set up to monitor the movement of buses.This would help to provide the latest update on commuters and those regarding the movement of buses,\" said K J Sohan, chairman, town planning committee.If UMTA is constituted, it could have fixed the routes of these buses. But the civic body has, so far, failed to pressurise the state government in bringing legislation in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17304467", "title": "Cops launch traffic awareness camps", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The traffic police on Tuesday launched a series of educational camps in city schools to spread awareness on traffic rules. The cops said students are the best medium to spread traffic awareness among youth.The first traffic awareness and educational camp was held at Maharishi Patanjali Vidya Mandir where traffic police officials told students about the importance of traffic rules and regulations in driving.Traffic inspector Indrapal Singh said \"We have been encouraging children to follow traffic rules and further encourage their friends , relatives and neighbours to follow the same while driving or walking on the streets.\" The camps will be held at seven schools in the city.Figures reveal that over 183 persons have been killed in road accidents in the region this year. A total of 233 road accident deaths were reported in the district last year. Of those killed, 31% were pedestrians, 9% bicycle riders, 30% two-wheeler riders and 5% three/four-wheeler drivers.More than 30,000 road accident deaths were registered in UP in 2011, of whom the highest 2,820 victims were two-wheeler riders. Records show that 3,090 persons were killed when they were hit by truck or lorry.Similarly, 1,313 persons died in jeep accident, 1,340 were killed by buses, 1,403 by cars, 2,820 by two-wheelers, 830 by three-wheelers and 811 were bicycle victims.Allahabad city is ranked 45th in the list of road accident deaths in the country. Traffic police say violation of rules and rash driving are two main factors behind the rising graph of road accidents in the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "tripunithra", "code": "17301890", "title": "2,000 litres of stale cooking oil seized", "text": "TRIPUNITHRA: Health officials on Tuesday busted a gang that was into selling stale and over-used cooking oil in the local market as a main ingredient of hair oil and 'pooja' oil used for lighting lamp.The activities of the Panangadu-based gang that was into collecting the stale oil from hotels and restaurants in the city was unearthed when a team led by district health officer P N Sreenivasan conducted a raid as per the direction of district collector P I Sheik Pareeth.The team conducted raids at the premises of a person identified as P A Azeez at Panangadu. They also seized nearly 2,000 litres of stale cooking oil which was stored in barrels and cans.\"The collector directed us to conduct the raids after he received complaints from the public on the sale of stale oil in the market. We have issued a notice to the person. Samples have been collected from the spot and sent to laboratory for detailed tests,\" Sreenivasan said.As per the preliminary probe, Azeez used to collect the over-used cooking oil from the hotels and sell it to a person who used to collect it from him. \"The person has submitted that the oil is mainly used for applying on the surface of the boats to prevent corrosion. Though he has put forward his version, we strongly suspect that he is into converting the oil as a main ingredient for hair oil and lamp oil,\" the officer said.Officials point out that a racket was operating in the city to collect used cooking oil. \"With the Sabarimala pilgrimage season on, the racket is into actively converting the stale oil in to loose oil mainly to be sold as lamp oil,\" the officials said. \"We need to check whether the person has the required licence to collect oil from the hotels and resell it from his premises,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17300737", "title": "Man gets three years RI for dowry harassment", "text": "CHENNAI: A women's court on Tuesday sentenced a 26-year-old man to three years of rigorous imprisonment for harassing his wife for dowry, which led to her suicide.Mahila court judge Meena Sateesh also imposed a fine of 5,000 on S Saravanan from Arakkonam. According to the prosecution, the victim Radha married Saravanan, a contract worker in Arakkonam, in November 2003. Before the wedding, Saravanan refused to come to the marriage hall and demanded more dowry from the bride's family. However, Saravanan was made to marry Radha.The harassment continued after marriage, with Saravanan demanding money and gold from Radha. As the harassment increased, she moved out with her two children. Saravanan continued to visit her home and office and demand money. Radha consumed poison and died at home in 2007.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "17301156", "title": "Forest department, panel lock horns over eco-zone", "text": "THANE: The scenic boundaries of Sanjay Gandhi National Park could be the new battleground in the debate over the area to be marked as an eco-sensitive buffer, following conflicting views of local forest officials and the Centrally Empowered Committee (CEC) appointed by the apex court.The Borivli national park covers a 103 sq km area and the CEC has recommended that it must have a 500-m eco-sensitive zone around it.Contrary to the central panel's recommendation of a protective green ring of 500 m from the Borivli national park's boundary line, the forest authorities in Mumbai and Thane unanimously opposed any extension of the forest boundaries or creating a buffer zone around the sanctuary.The range forest officer (Mumbai) and the assistant conservator of forests (Thane) in their reports sent to the authorities in Nagpur around July-August, clearly state that the eco-sensitive zone should be \"0.00 km\".Justifying their stand against a buffer zone around the sanctuary, the forest authorities explained that the bordering area around the national park had been developed and that the residents along the hilly tract around Mumbai and Thane are opposed to any security cover that prevents future development. The creation of an eco-sensitive zone within 10 km of the boundaries of protected parks was recommended by the Union ministry of environment and forest (MoEF) years ago so to promote conservation and development of wildlife. The primary purpose of the 10-km ring was to act as a \"shock absorber\" for the protected parks and to prevent any encroachments near boundaries.However, the 10-km radius around the Borivli sanctuary has long been occupied and developed in Mumbai and Thane with builders and developers constructing high-rises on plots which were private forests and protected parks. While one section of the forest department is of the opinion that they have been \"practical\" in recommending a zero-buffer zone in the Mumbai-Thane belt around SGNP, another group is opposed to such a blanket clearance for development outside the sanctuary. \"As conservationists we are duty-bound to keep the interest of the forest and wildlife over anything else. The violation of forest laws is possible because of inadequate regulatory checks,\" a forest official said. \"There are housing projects near Yeoor that are still being developed in violation of laws and sold as premium property. The zero-buffer zone recommendations will only give clearance to all these projects. It will have a devastating impact on the ecology,\" he added.According to officials, the absence of a buffer zone has resulted in several incidents of man-animal conflict.\"In 2009-10, there were eight incidents of attacks on humans and the state had to shell out compensation of Rs 2.70 lakh. In the next year, there were two incidents of attack on humans. With no regulation on buffer zones, townships will be put up along the forest borders,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17301862", "title": "Cabinet authorises Akhilesh Yadav to fix cane State Advisory Price", "text": "LUCKNOW: Prolonging the wait for sugarcane farmers, the Uttar Pradesh cabinet on Tuesday authorised chief minister Akhilesh Yadav for declaring the State Advisory Price (SAP) for sugarcane. The decision comes after nearly a month of back and forth exchange between sugarcane farmers, state government and sugar millers, over the fixation of SAP for cane.Though cane farmers have been making a strong pitch for SAP to be fixed at more than Rs 300 per quintal, sugar mills have demanded that the government maintain status quo on 2011-12 prices; since profits have not increased millers have alleged an inability to settle outstandings. The final decision, however, will now rest with Akhilesh and a decision, sources said, is likely soon.In another crucial decision on Tuesday, the cabinet, in a bid to elevate UP's status from being the largest agri-producer to a prominent contributor of processed food in the country, approved the state's new Food Processing Policy 2012 saying it will attract more investment.With UP currently home to only 2% of India's total food processing units, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav has said the new policy will now aim to raise UP's food processing units to 50% levels. Offering a range of subsidies, the new policy will offer to reimburse all new units, up to 7% of the cost they incur for setting up plants, machinery and undertaking other technical civil work. Under the new policy, the government has also incentivised food processing units where perishable raw material are used, apart from giving grants-in-aid for all food processing related state government institutions, universities, public sector enterprises and AICTE approved institutions.The state government will also promote exports of locally processed food products by waiving off actual transportation expenditure upto Rs 1 lakh for a period of three years, apart from offering incentives to entrepreneurs in the food processing sector for branding and marketing their produce.Apart from the crucial decisions in the sugarcane and food processing sectors, the cabinet, before convening the assembly's winter session from November 23, also agreed to amend the guidelines for spending MLA Local Area Development (MLA-LAD) Funds. Under the approved amendments, the cabinet has now said MLAs can now spend a maximum of Rs 25 lakh towards aid for accidents like fire and for treatment of incurable diseases. The funds, the cabinet said, will be directly made available to the hospital in the constituency concerned, following which the district magistrate concerned must verify the beneficiary's claim within a week of receiving the recommendation. Separate guidelines to this effect must also be issued.In a related decision, the cabinet said MLAs will now be able to recommend development projects worth Rs 1.5 crore annually to chief development officers in their constituency. For constituencies affected by delimitation, unspent funds, if any, will be equitably distributed between MLAs of the resultant constituencies. In a bid to rein in irregular expenditure, the cabinet also decided that though MLAs may suggest different development works for their constituencies, the work can incur a maximum expenditure of Rs 25 lakh.The cabinet also approved a proposal to upload the expenditure details of MLA-LAD on a specially-designed state government portal, which the National Informatics Centre has been asked to design. Apart from capping all recommendations through MLA-LAD at Rs 25 lakh, the cabinet said MLAs cannot make recommendations for transfer of funds to those organisations, private or government-run, where their kin are salaried employees. If, however, an MLA or their family members are not salaried employees, recommendations for funding may be made, but only with the express sanction of the Speaker of the state assembly or the empowered group of MLAs appointed for such a purpose, by the Speaker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17300787", "title": "Former UP chief secretary Neera Yadav gets 3-year jail for Noida land scam", "text": "LUCKNOW: The CBI court in Ghaziabad on Tuesday sentenced former UP chief secretary Neera Yadav and senior IAS officer Rajiv Kumar to three years' imprisonment in the Noida land allotment scam that took place between 1993-95. The court also fined them Rs 1 lakh each.Yadav and Kumar later got bail from a session's court against personal bonds of Rs 5 lakh each. The bails were on technical grounds: prison sentences of three years do not warrant immediate arrest. Nevertheless this is the first instance of a top IAS officer being convicted of corruption in UP. While Yadav took voluntary retirement in March 2008, Kumar who was principal secretary, appointments, was moved out of the sensitive office and put on wait list.This is Yadav's second conviction in the Noida land scam; she got a four-year sentence in December 2010 for illegally allotting land to Flex Industries when she was Noida CEO. Flex owner Ashok Chaturvedi, too, was pronounced guilty and sentenced to four years' term. Both are on bail. Tuesday's verdict is connected to her making illegal allotments to her relatives, bureaucrats and politicians. Incidentally, Yadav and her husband Mahendra Singh are BJP members since 2009.CBI special judge S Lal gave the verdict on the plot allotment scandal in which the Supreme Court had ordered an inquiry against Yadav and her then deputy Kumar. The CBI registered a case against the two on February 26, 1998. The charge-sheet was filed on October 16, 2002.CBI counsel ID Vaid told TOI on phone from Ghaziabad that the two officers were accused of fraudulently including a strip of 105 sq metres of land into the residential scheme which was then allotted to individuals at throwaway prices by violating norms.The CBI probe revealed allotment of Noida land to then UP chief secretary Mata Prasad's son, apart from top civil servants including former Union cabinet secretaries Surendra K Singh and TSR Subramaniam.Yadav cornered four plots for her two daughters, husband and herself. One of these measuring 500 sq metres has a palatial bungalow. CBI claims the properties are worth crores. The CBI also found that Yadav's husband, Mahendra Singh, owns real estate in London and Glasgow. In India, the family allegedly owns properties in Bulandshahr, Ghaziabad and Lucknow in UP apart from Bangalore and Mumbai.Earlier on December 6, 2010, in a related case, Yadav was accused of favoring Chaturvedi of Flex Industries while allotting commercial land for individual use. Both the cases were related to petitions filed by the Noida Entrepreneurs Association 1997 accusing Yadav and her subordinates of irregularities in allotment of land to politicians, kin of bureaucrats and private entities.Yadav, a 1971 batch IAS, became the first woman chief secretary of UP in 2005 when Mulayam was CM. This flew in the face of IAS service rules as the CBI had filed the charge-sheet in the Noida scam. Her stint lasted barely six months, and she removed on October 6, 2005, by an apex court directive. Earlier, in 1997, she was adjudged one of three most corrupt officers in UP by the UP IAS Association.Known to be close to SP, Yadav took voluntary retirement within a year of Mayawati becoming the CM in 2007. She joined the BJP during the 2009 parliamentary polls in the presence of then BJP president Rajnath Singh. Her husband Mahendra Singh Yadav was a minister in BJP government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17300864", "title": "Home ministry asked to look into misuse of personal security officers in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi Police have sought the Union home ministry's intervention to seek a detailed explanation from the Punjab Police as to how its personal security officers (PSOs) attached to slain businessman Ponty Chadha and his brother Hardeep Singh Chadha could move around with arms in the national Capital's jurisdiction without any prior intimation to the Delhi Police.The Delhi Police had initially sought a reply from the Punjab Police on why the latter had failed to inform it of the movement of its PSOs assigned to the Chadha brothers while they were here. The laid-down procedure requires the state police giving protection to a 'threatened' individual to coordinate with other state police in case s/he lives in another state or needs to travel outside the state.However, the reply from the Punjab Police only said Ponty and his brothers Hardeep and Rajinder had been given protection on account of a 'threat' assessed by the state government, besides detailing the number of PSOs assigned to them. No reasons were given as to why they did not bother to keep the Delhi Police informed of the presence of their armed PSOs in locations not falling under their jurisdiction.In Ponty's case, said home ministry sources, the Punjab Police should have coordinated with the Delhi Police, including keeping the latter informed of the location of the protectee. The firing by the PSOs present at the scene of crime -- not only of Punjab Police but also of the Uttarakhand Police (the latter assigned to Sukhdev Singh Namdhari, chairman of Uttarakhand Minorities Commission) \u00e2\u20ac\u201d has also been questioned, as they should have intimated the Delhi Police - in whose jurisdiction Chadha's farmhouse falls - as soon as trouble broke out.A senior MHA official said most often, the police personnel assigned by the respective states to their state Bhavans in the national Capital, were diverted for personal security of people travelling from that state.Incidentally, even though the Chadhas' PSOs may have fired on the spot, they can claim immunity citing the law that empowers them to use force in due discharge of their state duties, which is to ward off all threats to the life of the person they have been assigned to protect. The home ministry is also planning to write to all the states taking objection to a large number of neighbouring states giving police protection to individuals living in Delhi.It will ask these states to accord police protection to private individuals strictly on the basis of their threat perception and coordinate with the local police of the area where the protectee resides or travels. The ministry may also ask the state police to direct the PSOs assigned by them to an individual, not to take part in unlawful activity of the protectee, including the use of force.Times ViewVIPs walking or driving around with heavily armed police guards is a depressingly familiar sight in the national capital and several other Indian cities. Quite apart from the fact that we as taxpayers are paying for this security, there is a definite element of intimidation involved. The least governments can do, therefore, is to scrutinize very carefully just who is getting this security cover rather than handing it around liberally as a status symbol. Further, where armed police from one state operate in another they must surely at least keep the host state's police informed if not seek their permission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17302782", "title": "BA students, too, complain of late reval results", "text": "NAGPUR: The woes of Nagpur University students never seem to end. This time, BA students are crying foul over delay in declaration of their revaluation results. So far, it appeared only engineering and law students were facing problems but with BA students also complaining, there seems something horribly wrong in the system.Aggrieved BA students told TOI that their first year revaluation results were announced after nearly five months after the actual results. Even as they were declared on website last week, they were yet to get their new marksheets, thus aggravating their woes further as last date of submitting their exam form was Monday. They claimed that even their counterparts in commerce and science were facing same problems due to late revaluation results. The perennial complaint of undervaluation was also made by the students.Controller of Examination Vilas Ramteke attributed the delay to evaluators from private colleges who failed to report for university duty. \"Exam procedures are very lengthy. There are a lot of other problems that come our way, like non-cooperation of teachers. Even colleges proved very irresponsible. We actually had to call them up and tell them to collect revaluation results which they did not do even after the reminder,\" he said.Saket Moon, a student who is yet to get his new marksheet, said, \"I had to submit my exam form with the old one which is wrong. They have told me that my marks have changed but I am yet to receive new marksheet.\" He said NU's casual attitude towards students was not just a nuisance but also sets a wrong trend. \"Students expect their revaluation results before winter exam. Most times, those were declared after the exams which not only wastes time but also money,\" he lamented.Another student Megha Malani, who received her new marksheet, stated she had to move from pillar to post in NU offices for getting it. \"A majority of my classmates are yet to get it since the procedures are lengthy. On top of this, if NU delays results like this, it becomes very tough for the students to complete all the formalities in time,\" she pointed out.NU MC meet todayNU would be convening emergent meeting of Management Council (MC) to constitute panels for conducting interviews for its 149 vacant posts of lecturers, including that of LIT. It will pave way for filling up large number of vacant seats in NU that was severely affecting its functioning. Dinesh Agrawal, nonetheless, will be moving a call attention motion on validity of the October 18 MC meeting where chancellor's nominee Sanjay Khadakkar and one more member were not invited, perhaps deliberately.Sources informed that VC Vilas Sapkal had even tendered an apology to chancellor K Sankaranarayanan for the blunder during a meeting in Mumbai, after Khadakkar complained to the latter. Agrawal had questioned the validity of October 18 MC meeting stating that without chancellor's nominee, no major decision could be taken.(With inputs from Poorva Rathi)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17303014", "title": "State govt to submit time-bound plan for a year in court", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government will submit a time-bound action plan of one year in the high court on Wednesday to remove encroachments from Amanishah Nullah. The decision was taken in the meeting chaired by chief secretary C K Mathew along with the urban development and housing (UDH) officials. Discussions at chief minister's residence were also taken on time-bound action plan till late night on Tuesday before it is submitted in court.UDH principal secretary G S Sandhu said, \"As majority of the families affected are poor, we will file an application and seek time to rehabilitate them before removing encroachments.\" A meeting was held a day after the high court pulled up the state for tardy governance and asked chief secretary C K Mathew to file an affidavit by Wednesday on a time frame to remove the remaining encroachments.There are approximately 3,000 dwelling units said to be encroaching on the 47km stretch of the nullah falling in JDA and JMC region with some segregated constructions in Mansarovar housing board area.An official explained, the special rehabilitation policy for the affected house owners of Amanishah Nullah has been recently finalized. The policy draws separate rules for the below poverty line (BPL) and above poverty line (ABL) families, which have houses constructed in the catchment areas. The policy has provisions of allotting land and financial assistance along with shifting facilities for replacement. The constructions at the nullah are to be demolished following a recent high court directive.An official said JDA has been appointed as nodal agency for implementation of the policy. According to reports, the JDA has proposed rehabilitation for Jotrdawala and Saypur villages in zone-8, Aachrawala village in zone-11 and Mundiya Purohitan village in zone-12.An official said 30 square metre plots will be allotted to BPL families and 50 square metre plots to APL families. After the JDA will conduct a survey, the eligible families will have to formally apply for rehabilitation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17300956", "title": "Palghar cops were told not to arrest Shaheen Dhada, Rinu Shrinivasan", "text": "MUMBAI: The Palghar police were instructed by a senior officer not to arrest Shaheen Dhada and Rinu Shrinivasan without verifying the allegations, but they reportedly did not follow the order.A source said the possibility of a political or personal enmity could not be ruled out in the case. That the local police did not follow a senior officer's advice indicated that they were probably being influenced by somebody else, the source added.Director general of police (DGP) Sanjeev Dayal ordered inspector general (Konkan range) Sukhwinder Singh to inquire into the entire episode and the \"hasty\" cop action. Singh is trying to find out if the Palghar police verified that the comment made on a social networking site was objectionable enough to book the girls under Section 295A of the IPC and if the matter necessitated such haste in arresting the duo.The matter (the online post against Sunday's shutdown in Mumbai) was reported to the local police before a mob vandalized Shaheen's uncle's hospital in Palghar. The hooligans also allegedly hurled a stone at a hospital that belonged to another relative.The incident was reported to the state police headquarters after the violence.\"When a senior officer learnt about it, he told the Palghar police not to take action against the girls without proper verification of the facts. The local police officer reportedly said he would heed the advice,\" the source said. In reality, however, the Palghar police did not do so and arrested the girls. Officials are also examining if any senior officer from Thane (rural) influenced the Palghar police or if the latter acted hurriedly to favour the complainant.The police higher-ups are reportedly upset with the action of the Palghar cops.Asked for comment, special IG (law and order) Deven Bharti refused to discuss the matter in detail. \"The inquiry report will be comprehensive and include every aspect of the incident. After finalizing the report, we will decide on the course of action,\" he said.Usually, the local police first seek the help of cyber experts to ascertain the involvement of the suspects in the case by verifying the computer and IP details. But in this case, the police probably did not contact any cyber expert in Thane or Mumbai, said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17304695", "title": "Celeb kids get the royal touch", "text": "After Shah Rukh's son Aryan and Saif's daughter Sara, Sushmita's 14-year-old daughter Renee too gears up for her education in a prestigious school in LondonIf you are a star kid, you must be headed to London. At least that's what the trend suggests. After Shah Rukh Khan's son Aryan went to Seven Oaks, Sushmita Sen's elder daughter, 14-year-old Renee is all set to move to UK for further education. According to sources, star parents prefer the British capital when it comes to sending their kids out of sin-city Mumbai.Speaking from the city the proud and nervous mother Sush told us, \"I am in London with Renee as we speak. I've brought her here for a school interview. It's an outstanding school and will be perfect for her higher education. She will join this school from next year. She will be in Class 9. How quickly time flies!\"And though Renee wants to be an actor when she grows up, according to sources, her mother wants to keep her out of the limelight for the time being. \"Here's my deal with her: she must first complete her education,\" said Sush.And this has been the main reason for most celebrity parents for sending their kids abroad. According to a source close to Shah Rukh, the primary reason for packing off Aryan to London was to take him away the from the intense media glare. \"Shah Rukh enrolled Aryan at the Sevenoaks School, which is just an half an hour drive from Central London. It is one of the most famous schools there. If we heard Shah Rukh correctly then he plans to send his daughter Suhana to the same school too,\" added the source.Incidentally, Saif Ali Khan's daughter Sara too is studying in the same city. \"She will only return to Mumbai when she is done with her studies. Bollywood may or may not happen after that,\" a source close to Saif told. It was apparently Saif's ex-wife Amrita Singh's decision to pack off Sara to London to take her away from the glare of Bollywood.\"It's about the quality of education which is great in some of the schools there. Also an additional advantage is that London doesn't require such a long flight as opposed to the US. There are no stop-overs either. I also opted for London when it came to choosing a high school for my daughter,\" Queenie Singh who enrolled her teenage daughter in a London college extolled the virtues of studying in UK. Her daughter has however, opted for a college in Singapore since then.According to Queenie, London had always been one of the most preferred destinations for star kids because of several other factors. \"Siddhartha Mallya grew up there, Shwetha Bachchan also went to London to study. It's always been on the map,\" she told us.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17303230", "title": "Chocolates give 'mithais' a run for their money", "text": "PUNE: Sweet shop owners will tell you that Diwali is the time when their sales peak. The festive season sees people buying all kinds of sweets for family and friends. It is the chosen gift for many. Well, not anymore. A survey by Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India on 'Traditional sweets vs chocolates demand during festivals' across many cities, has revealed that chocolates were the most sought-after this year.D S Rawat, secretary general, Assocham , said in a statement that due to an increase in adulteration in 'mawa' and other milk products, people have turned to chocolates to satiate their love for sweets. Wary of the quality of traditional sweets available in the markets, people have been flooding chocolate boutiques with gift orders, this festive season.The study was conducted in Pune, Mumbai, Delhi, Ahmedabad, Kochi, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Indore, Patna, Chandigarh, Chennai and Dehradun and it was observed that there was a surprising rise in the demand for chocolates in the market.Homemaker Ankita M Kamath says, \"Till last year, we would buy sweets without worrying, but things have changed. Everyday, there are reports of adulteration. You cannot be too cautious.So, this year, we went in for chocolates. It makes for a nice gift and kids love it. The prices, too, are not very high. And with sugar-free options available, they are apt for diabetics.\"Kamath is not the only one for whom chocolate is the sure-shot winner. Entrepreneur Mahi Sharma says, \"Chocolates are any day savvier than the old boring mithais or for that matter dry fruit dabbas. Every other person seems to be gifting those. Chocolates are stylish and definitely not messy like mithais. Moreover, nowadays there's a variety of flavour and types to choose from.\"About 86% of chocolate wholesalers surveyed said the demand has gone up with each passing year. Nearly 76% of the confectioners said demand for designer chocolates, hand-made truffles, ganaches and solid chocolates of different types and exotic flavours have been at an all-time high.The consumption of chocolates is steadily increasing in urban and semi-urban areas, registering a compound annual growth rate of 25% and is expected to cross the Rs 7,500 crore-mark by 2015, according to the estimates by Assocham. The Indian chocolate market is currently poised at over Rs 4,500 crore.Quick at perceiving a change in the market, sweet shop owners are now stocking in on chocolates.Not only do they have the regular fare, but also fancier ones for those who are not afraid to dig deep into their pockets. Says Manohar D Rawat, a sweet shop owner in Vimannagar, \"This year, traditional sweets did lesser business. People were more interested in buying chocolates. Thankfully, I had stocked up on different varieties of chocolates, but it will be a major loss if this trend continues as traditional sweet makers will be driven out of their jobs. We just hope that the approaching marriage season will make up for the losses.\"City-based chocolatier Anagha Rane is, however, very happy with the turn of events. \"This year, our business saw a growth of as much as 50-60%. Orders came pouring in for chocolate bouquets that we craft. Also, chocolates with dry fruits and innovative flavours were in great demand. We are very positive of the approaching Christmas-New Year season. It will be peak time for us,\" she adds.The change in the tradition of gifting, chocolates replacing dry fruits and high-priced sweets as status symbols, availability of different varieties of chocolates - all these are contributing to the exponential rise in the Indian chocolate market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17303001", "title": "Zervan enjoys season starter", "text": "MUMBAI: Jockey S Zervan, one of the most talented youngsters on Indian racing scene today, helped Pesi Shroff-trained Portia pip favourite Maple Star close home to claim the Maharaja of Morvi Trophy (3rd race), the feature event of the inaugural day's Mumbai Races at the Mahalaxmi Racecourse on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17306337", "title": "Ajmal Kasab was aware of the date on which he would be hanged", "text": "MUMBAI: Lashkar-e-Taiba terrorist Ajmal Kasab , who was hanged early this morning, was aware of the date on which he was to be executed and had been made to sign his death warrant before being moved to the Pune jail on November 19.According to official sources, a senior jail official read out the death warrant to Kasab at his cell and also informed him that his clemency petition had been rejected by President Pranab Mukherjee .After reading out his death warrant, Kasab, who was part of the 10-member Lashkar group that carried out the dastardly attack on November 26, 2008, was asked to sign it which he did, the sources said.Later, he was taken by the Yerwada Jail police and the local police was kept out of the loop to maintain secrecy of the operation.Barring a couple of officers, the 200-strong contingent of ITBP, which has been guarding him since March 2009, had been kept out of loop about his transfer to the Pune jail.The sources said the ITBP jawans continued to guard the empty high-security cell, which had been housing 25-year-old Kasab.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17301696", "title": "NDA wants vote on FDI in retail in House", "text": "NEW DELHI: The BJP-led National Democratic Alliance on Tuesday decided to focus on moving a motion in Parliament under a voting provision to oppose FDI in multi-brand retail, leaving Trinamool Congress leader Mamata Banerjee isolated over her no-trust vote proposal.Banerjee was on the brink of a major embarrassment as NDA joined the Left in formally indicating that it finds opposing the government on FDI a much more paying proposition than a no-confidence motion as it would result in a strong coalition of BJP, Left and regional parties.Trinamool's efforts to reach out to the Left also failed as CPM leaders reiterated their position that a no-trust motion will only see regional parties like Samajwadi Party (SP) and Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) along with smaller entities bailing out the government.The tone for the NDA meeting was set by BJP leaders L K Advani, Sushma Swaraj and Arun Jaitley who argued that the government has gone back on its word that it will not proceed to implement the FDI proposal without taking political parties on board.Janata Dal (U) leader Sharad Yadav said the FDI issue will recreate the Opposition unity seen during the Bharat bandh last December.NDA leaders felt the government should be held to account for breaking the word of President Pranab Mukherjee who as the finance minister had said no decision to allow global retailers will be taken without striving for a political consensus.Banerjee also found herself at the receiving end of parliamentary affairs minister Kamal Nath's jibes. \"\"For the first time in my 32 years in Parliament, I am seeing a party with 19 members moving a no-confidence motion,\" a confident Nath said.NDA did hold out a sop for Banerjee, saying the alliance will \"explore the possibilities\" for a no-confidence motion, but the formulation is intended more to keep lines with the Trinamool leader open rather than any serious political calculation. BJP leaders feel Congress's ally turned foe can be a useful partner in Parliament.The Opposition alliance's decision sets the stage for a stormy start to Parliament's winter session with BJP and Left preparing to press for motions entailing a vote that will be rejected with equal force by the government. This would well mean disruptions marking the first few days of the session.After having blocked the entire monsoon session over Coalgate, BJP is not keen on a prolonged stand-off over FDI. It could be willing to settle for some hard bargaining with the government that can ensure a detailed debate in Parliament.BJP sources said that even a debate without a vote will help the Opposition's cause as it will allow Congress allies like DMK and outside supporters like SP express their reservations. SP leader Ramgopal Yadav said, \"we have decided not to implement FDI in UP. We will decide on voting when the time comes.\"A debate on FDI will effectively demonstrate Congress's isolation while recreating the wide unity of political parties seen during the Bharat bandh organized to oppose the move.\"NDA will move a resolution under voting provisions seeking disapproval of the government's decision (to permit FDI in multi-brand retail) and urging the government to withdraw the decision,\" BJP spokesperson Ravi Shankar Prasad said after the meeting.On the Trinamool's proposal for a no-confidence motion, Prasad said, \"This government has failed on all the fronts and the time has come for it go. The NDA would consult all political parties to explore the possibility of a no-confidence motion against the government.\"The meeting was attended by senior BJP leaders Sushma Swaraj and Arun Jaitley, BJP chief Nitin Gadkari, NDA convener Sharad Yadav, Akali Dal leader Naresh Gujral, Shiv Sena leader Ananth Geete, JD(U)'s Shivanand Tiwari and Kuldeep Bishnoi of Haryana Janhit Party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17305762", "title": "Samantha keeps her fingers crosses", "text": "Samantha is keeping her finger crosses as Gautham Menon's Neethane En Ponvasantham's release date is approaching. The shooting of the movie starring Samantha and Jiiva came to an end recently and the film is touted to release on December 14th.Neethane En Ponvasantham is the ' Bana Kathadi ' actress' movie after her hit film ' Naan E ' and she is hoping that the movie turns out to be a hit. Her performance in ' Naan E ' earned her a movie with ace directors Mani Ratnam and Shankar, but could take up the project due to her skin illness.After her successful treatment Samantha was back to shooting Gautham Menon's Neethane En Ponvasantham and is waiting for the release. She also tweeted recently \"Dec 14th... Judgement day..once again... Nep/yvm.. \"The film is a bi-lingual being shot simultaneously in both Tamil and Telugu. The audio of the film with music by Ilayaraja is already a hit and the film is slated for a December 14 release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17305911", "title": "I am zombie's girlfriend: Kirti Kulhari", "text": "Kirti Kulhari will become the first Indian actress to play girlfriend to a zombie.We have seen many Hollywood Zombie films where there's always a sexy damsel handling the distress of the situation. With actor-director Luke Kenny's Rise of the Zombies , actress Kirti Kulhari will become the first Indian actress to be a part of the so-called tradition.Kirti plays the role of Luke's girlfriend, Vinny in the film. \"It is a very damsel in distress situation when your boyfriend turns into a zombie. But in the case of this film, I like the way Luke has kept my character. She has her head on her shoulders and tries to understand the situation as opposed to run helter-skelter with skimpy clothes on,\" says Kirti.Known for a power-packed-performance in Bejoy Nambiar's Shaitan, Kirti chose to do this film out of the sheer exquisiteness of the theme. \"While we have seen a lot of Hollywood Zombie films, no one had attempted the same in India. So I really liked the fact that Luke wanted to do something different. And secondly, he is thorough with his knowledge, which is a positive for the film. I don't become a zombie in the film. I didn't want to be, but I wanted to be a part of this film and I am glad with how the film has shaped up,\" she shares.Rise of the Zombies is one of the three Indian zombie films. Others being Go Goa Gone and Rock The Shaadi, Rise of the Zombies will be the first to release on February 1, 2013. \"I am the zombie's girlfriend, sounds cool right!\" quips Kirti. It is definitely a first of its kind girl!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17301426", "title": "Split by war, Lanka family to reunite after six years", "text": "CHENNAI: A Sri Lankan Tamil family split by the bloody ethnic war is all set to be reunited after six long years. Nithya (31), who was separated from her husband and elder daughter after she was abducted along with her two other children in 2006, has finally managed to trace them to the Netherlands.Nithya reached Chennai early last year with younger daughter Dharani (9) and son Mathuran (7) and went around various refugee camps in Tamil Nadu in search of husband Sadasivam (33) and daughter Lavani (10). \"Something kept telling me that they were alive,\" says Nithya.It was a wild goose chase till somebody at the Mandapam camp in Rameswaram told her to approach the Indian Red Cross Society in Chennai. Red Cross officer N Krishnamurthy activated the agency's global tracking network in May 2011 and traced Sadasivam through the Netherlands Red Cross chapter on July 11 last year.'I was kept in a dark chamber and tortured for three years'Nithya first spoke to her daughter over phone. \"I couldn't believe my own eyes when my husband spoke to me the same evening using a web camera,\" Nithya tells TOI at the Red Cross office in Chennai.It was in 2006, when the war restarted, that the family got separated. The family had moved into her uncle's house in Thalaimannar. \"One morning, just after Lavani had gone to school, a group of people abducted me and my younger children. They blindfolded us and took us to an army camp in Vanni and asked me to spot my husband. He was not there. I was kept in a dark chamber and tortured for three years. My son was only a few months old then,\" says Nithya.As she breaks down by those haunting memories, her son walks up to her and wipes the tears. She hugs him. In a while, the boy is fast asleep on her lap. Burns she suffered in the camp have left marks on her hand. After a while she recovers from the seared thoughts and continues, \"A friend of mine helped me with some money. I gave it as well as my jewels to the army officials and got released in 2010. It took almost a year to get passports for us. Ever since we approached the Red Cross, its chairman Harish Mehta has been helping us financially.\" If not India, she knew her husband would be in the Netherlands, because he used to tell her about seeking asylum there.Sadasivam's life was not easy either. \"On hearing about the abduction of his wife and children, he rushed to the school to save Lavani. Thinking that Nithya and other children were killed by the army, he came to India with Lavani. From here, he went to Amsterdam. After we got in touch with him, he started sending Rs 3,000 every month for his family's sustenance. Only recently we came to know that he was skipping one meal every day and was saving from the food allowance provided by the Netherlands government. He belongs to the last batch of people to get asylum in the Netherlands,\" says Krishnamurthy.\"We had to counsel Nithya initially because she was suffering from suicide syndrome. If her husband could not be traced, she wanted to hand over her children to somebody else and die. It took some time for her to recover,\" he says. After a year's paper work, the Indian government issued exit permits for the three on Monday. Their visas had come two weeks ago, said Krishnamurthy.Both in the run-up to and after the strife, many a people have paid a heavy price for the United Nation's hesitation to rein in the Lankan forces, laments D A Prabakar, vice-chairman of Indian Red Cross Society, Tamil Nadu branch, while handing over the flight tickets to Nithya. Red Cross members donated Rs 86,000 for the tickets. Leaving the dreadful memories of her ravaged life behind, Nithya will fly to Amsterdam on Thursday morning with a frock for Lavani and a T-shirt for Sadasivam in her baggage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17302260", "title": "Notice to Centre over use of IT Act", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court on Tuesday ordered to issue notices to the Central government on a public interest litigation (PIL) seeking direction to repeal Section 66 A of the Information Technology Act, 2008 on the grounds that it violates the freedom of speech guaranteed under the Indian constitution.The petition was filed by the state convenor of People's Union For Human Rights, Prof A Marx. In his petition, the petitioner contended that there are more chances to misuse Section 66 A, particularly by politically-influenced people.Marx pointed out the arrest of one Ravi Srinivasan, who had tweeted that Union minister P Chidambaram's son, Karthick Chidambaram had amassed more wealth than Congress president, Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law, Robert Vadra. While hearing the contentions, the division bench pointed out that freedom of speech is subject to certain restrictions. The bench then ordered to issue notice to the Central government to file a counter on the writ petition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17304494", "title": "Pakistan informed about Ajmal Kasab hanging: Shinde", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pakistan had been informed about the hanging of Ajmal Amir Kasab, the lone Pakistani terrorist caught in the 2008 Mumbai terror attack, home minister Sushilkumar Shinde said on Wednesday.He told reporters that President Pranab Mukherjee had rejected Kasab's mercy petition.\"Pakistan has been informed but there is no demand for Kasab's body. The President rejected Kasab's mercy petition on Nov 5. I had further forwarded it to the Maharashtra government on Nov 8,\" Shinde told mediapersons.Kasab, who was hanged at Pune's Yerawada Jail on Wednesday morning, was amongst the 10 Pakistani terrorists who sneaked into Mumbai on the night of Nov 26, 2008. The Nov 26-29, 2008 terror siege had killed 166 people and injured 300.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17305408", "title": "Ram Gopal Varma to show Mumbai attack film to survivors", "text": "On 23 November, the intrepid Ram Gopal Varma will show 15 minutes of his film on the ghastly 26/11 terror attack in Mumbai in 2008.Present at the unveiling of what promises to be another controversial RGV film would be people closely linked to the incident that shook Mumbai. Says Ramu, \"That's right. We're are inviting the policemen who were involved in those attacks and the immediate survivors for the first-look launch on 23 November. I did this film after extensive research and after having conducted in-depth interviews with not only the involved policemen but also with the survivors and many others both directly and indirectly connected to those incidents.\"In his characteristically unfazed manner, Ramu seems unaware that the screening of the first-look of a film on an incident that shook Mumbai city so close to the date when it happened four years ago, could open up old wounds that would never heal, and also cause new a new hurt and resentment among Mumbaikars.Says the filmmaker, \"The terrorist attacks of 26/11 were probably the most horrific happenings in post independence India and the intention of the film is to truthfully portray the emotional aspects of those tragic moments. So it's nothing to do with the launch date being near or far to the anniversary date but it is to do with the true intent of making this film. I am showing a 15-minute sequence of the opening which will clearly establish the purpose and the intent of why a film on this subject has been made.\"Ramu says he is sure the policemen and survivors from the 26/11 attack would empathize with his intentions once they see what he has done. \"Never in the history of the world were there more terrifying attacks than those that happened on 9/11 in New York. But considering the sheer audacity of their execution I felt the attacks of 26/11 on Mumbai were far more shocking.\"In the film, Ramu has shown the exact sequence of events on that horrific night. \"Many of us know of the attacks which happened that night but very few of us have a knowledge of how they happened and that is exactly what we felt should be known to everyone in the world and hence we decided to make this film both for the Indian and international audiences.\"The cast, says Ramu, is composed mostly of unknown actors. \"The cast is completely new along with some known actors. But the known actors were taken for their acting talent rather than their existing image.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "17302828", "title": "Sexual misconduct: CPM may expel leader", "text": "KANNUR: The CPM is likely to expel Kalliassery village panchayat former president T Ajayakumar for quitting the post without informing the party, after he was demoted from party positions following allegations of sexual misconduct.\"There are various reasons behind the party move. First of all, in the case of P Sasi, the party had faced heavy criticism for trying to defend him, and they had to finally take action against him,\" said a party source. \"Here, the party does not want it to be repeated. Moreover, the CPM does not want to keep such leaders in the party. A couple of more local leaders are likely to face disciplinary action as the party is reportedly conducting inquiry into similar allegations against them.It was on Monday that Ajayakumar announced his decision in the panchayat meeting and handed over the charge to vice-president K Sujatha, without informing the party. Though the party had reportedly decided to ask him to quit the post, he announced the resignation before getting the instruction from the party. This is seen as a move that is not in keeping with party discipline. According to sources close to the local leader, he has decided to quit politics and seek employment in the Gulf.The CPM had last week demoted him from the Pappinissery area committee to the Parakkadav branch committee after a commission set up by the party found that the allegations against him were right. However, the decision to expel him from the party would come only after he resigns from the post of panchayat member, which is expected in the next couple of days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17302677", "title": "Drunk passenger causes panic on Indigo flight", "text": "NAGPUR: A drunk passenger on the Indigo Delhi-Nagpur-Pune flight 6E 137 created ruckus in the plane on Tuesday, reportedly damaging the airline property and creating panic among the passengers. But it did not cause any delay to the flight and it took off for Pune at its scheduled time of 10.20pm.The passenger, identified as one Manoj Virkhade, was apparently inebriated when he boarded the flight in Delhi. He started misbehaving with other passengers soon after it took off for Nagpur where he was to disembark. Seat 3B was allotted to Virkhade.Reportedly, he even tried to enter the cockpit. The co-passengers blocked him and tried to subdue him. The situation went out of control and the fight attendants had to call in the captain to reign in the situation.A co-passenger, Dileep Bhagde who alighted at Nagpur, said, \"It was a horrible experience. He was shouting abuses and behaving in an uncivilised way. Some of the women sitting close to him even got scared. He damaged the window and seats too.\"Conflicting reports emerge on the extent of damage caused by Virkhade. While Bhagde and an Indigo airline official said that the drunk passenger broke a window pane, city police officials informed that only a curtain rod was pulled down. Unconfirmed reports also said that Virkhade had ripped apart a seat.Virkhade also allegedly attempted to enter the cockpit. It's not known how the pilot managed to land the plane without any causing more panic. The flight landed at its scheduled time of 9.40pm in Nagpur.CISF took Virkhade in their custody and handed him over to the Sonegaon police station where he was being interrogated at the time of going to press. The airline official said that an FIR will be lodged against him.PSI MR Neware said that Virkhade was not cooperating. \"Virkhade is in a very drunk state and is not saying anything. He has been sent for medical tests. The only thing we have come to know is that he pulled the curtains of a window which triggered the alarm and alerted the pilot.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17304974", "title": "Who is the real director?", "text": "The theatrical release of 'Chokher Pani' \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a love story set against the Nandigram movement \u00e2\u20ac\u201d is far from clear. But instead of working towards that, two crucial members of the team \u00e2\u20ac\u201d director Shyamal Karmakar and producer Sarfaraz Alam \u00e2\u20ac\u201d are locked in an ugly fight over credits. While Shyamal alleges that his name is being deliberately kept out of the credit rolls, Sarfaraz claims since he took the initiative of completing 'a bad film', he has every right to call himself the director.The film, which is doing the rounds of the festival circuit, has already made waves at the Indian Film Festival in Berlin, New Horizon International Independent Film Festival in Tehran, Jagaran Film Festival in Delhi and MAMI. The film was adjudged the best docudrama in Tehran and bagged the best debut filmmaker's award in Delhi \u00e2\u20ac\u201d with both prizes being received by Sarfaraz. Says Shyamal, \"I'm being kept out of the festival circuit completely. I've heard that in some screenings, my name didn't even feature on the credit list. All this, after I finished shooting the film on my own and was even part of the mixing in Chennai. Since mixing takes a lot of time, I had to return to Kolkata as I'm the HOD of SRFTI's editing department and have several commitments. On one occasion, when I tried finding out if the film was ready, I was given the cold shoulder by the producer, Sarfaraz Alam. Then onwards, our understanding has gone from bad to worse. I was once told that 'We can be a team like Abbas-Mustan' by Sarfaraz. He didn't keep his word. He is receiving all the awards at international festivals as the film's director.\" Shyamal now wants the civil society, who hit the streets after the Nandigram massacre , to take up his cause. \"So far, I've not lodged any complaint with any forum. Those who have worked with me know that I'm the sole director of the film. But I want people to get me justice,\" he adds.Sarfaraz, on the other hand, claims he is the sole director. \"I studied filmmaking in Russia and this is my first venture. I needed someone to guide me. That's why I appointed Shyamalda,\" he says. \"I shot with Shyamalda,\" says Bidita Bag. \"A filmmaker is someone who is involved with the project from the beginning till the end. And I'm the only one who did that. In fact, it was my idea to make a film on the Nandigram movement. Then, I came to Kolkata and met Manik Mondal. I read his novel, Chokher Pani , and realized that my idea was very similar to his. Next day, I went to Nandigram only to realize that Manikda was revered there. He got me introduced to Shyamalda, whos was the editor of Oye Lucky! Lucky Oye! ,\" says Sarfaraz.He claims Shyamal referred the actors and technical staff to him. \"I said yes to him blindly. My answer was the same when he asked for two Super 16 cameras, instead of one, for which I paid 8 lakh extra. But despite me wanting close-up shots, none of it was taken. He also scared my unit during the shoot. Since he is a renowned editor, I wanted him to do the editing, but he suggested that we take Arghyakamal Mitra instead. After three months, when I didn't get the desired results, I went to Mumbai with the hard disc and was helped immensely by Imtiaz Ali. A lot of patchwork was needed and I went back to Nandigram, where Shyamalda's unit members secretly helped me.That's how we could complete the shoot. Now tell me, if I've done all the work and if the film is going to all the festivals because of me, why wouldn't I take the credit for it?\" Ask him about being rejected by the recently concluded Kolkata International Film Festival and Sarfaraz puts the blame on Shyamal. \"He is telling everyone that the film is anti-government. But trust me, it's not against anyone. Pehle toh communist party se panga lo kyun ki Nandigram mein shooting karni thi, aur abhi ruling party se panga lo kyunki log bol rehe hain ki film anti-government hai \u00e2\u20ac\u201d yeh kya baat huyi? Main to sach ke chakkar mein fas gaya.\"Manik Mondal, on whose novel the film is based, also supports Sarfaraz. \"The film that Shyamal made was not fit to be screened. We had to redo the entire shoot. If Sarfaraz has done it all by himself, he should be given the credit,\" he says.Actor Bidita Bag, however, has a different take. \"Yes, Sarfaraz was there during the shoot to take care of our needs, but the man behind the camera was Shyamalda. I also did my dubbing with him,\" she says.Meanwhile, Shyamal is scripting his next, Ek Raater Golpo , which he wants to produce himself. Sarfaraz is set to direct a film on three elderly women and is already in talks with Ila Arun for the project. Chokher Pani's fate continues to hang in balance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "delhi", "code": "17302892", "title": "NRI kills self in Delhi", "text": "DELHI: An NRI from the UK allegedly shot himself in Sector 21, Rohini, on Tuesday. Ravinder Singh, an engineer who stayed in London, used to come to India twice a year to meet his relatives , cops said. Police didn't say anything about any suicide note.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17304243", "title": "Mahakumbh-2013: GRS to ensure hassle-free pilgrimage", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Kumbh Mela authorities are setting up a grievance redressal system (GRS) for the convenience of kalpwasi (pilgrims who stay throughout the Kumbh and follow all rituals) and other visitors to sort out their problems related to civic amenities during the event. Authorities plan to gather feedback from mela visitors about facilities offered by the mela administration.Various government departments have been assigned tasks like mela administration (for land allotment and to provide basic facilities to visitors), mela police administration (for security and fire fighting arrangements), health department (sanitary and treatment), jal nigam (water supply), Ganga pollution control unit, power corporation (power supply and street lighting), PWD (construction of roads and pontoon bridges), food and civil supplies (supply of essential commodities), dairy development (milk supply) and nagar nigam (civic amenities).Mela officials say any kalpwasi or devotee can register a grievance either at sector offices set up in the Sangam area or at control room. Every caller would be given a specific number according to the nature of the complainant.Once the complaint is posted on master complaint register, the authority will pass it on to department concerned for immediate disposal. The respective department would be sending their official or attendant within 30 minutes of the complaint being lodged and the process will go on 24 hours.Additional district magistrate (Kumbh), Ashutosh Kumar Dwivedi told TOI \"We plan to take feedback from visitors and sort out their grievances if any with immediate effect.\" He added that field officials will keep a a separate diary and all grievances would be noted in them. Once the problem is sorted out, the field official will apprise the complainant about it and their signature and these records would be kept in the complaint register. Observers will also take feedback from complainants through SMS.Sector offices of all departments would be set up at a common spot and mela authorities would be allocating land required to them and on display boards at strategic locations important phone numbers would be written.GRS phone number would also be distributed at various camps and similar facilities would be available online from January 1, 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17304495", "title": "Shah Rukh trashes reports of patch up with Salman Khan", "text": "Actor Shah Rukh Khan has dismissed reports of a \"patch up\" between him and the 'Dabangg' star Salman Khan .\" Bachpan se poochte aa rahe ho yeh sawal...ab toh bade ho jaoo (Please grow up...you people have always been asking this question),\" Shah Rukh retorted when asked whether the acrimony between him and Salman has finally come to end. He was addressing reporters at a press conference.Speculations over the Khans burying their hatchets gained momentum after Shah Rukh, Salman and Aamir attended the premiere of late filmmaker Yash Chopra's film 'Jab Tak Hai Jaan' and the party hosted thereafter.Soon after the premiere, mega-star Amitabh Bachchan had tweeted \"Danced my shoes off with all the youngsters...an amazing evening... spending time with Salman, Aamir, Shahrukh, Katrina and Anushka\".When asked about Big B's tweet , Shah Rukh said, \"If Amitji has tweeted it then you all ask him when you meet him in a press conference. There is no patch up or XYZ. Even I read about it in your news papers. Whatever is written in your newspaper please don't believe into it.\"A heated argument between Shah Rukh and Salman at the birthday bash of the latter's ex Katrina Kaif in 2008 created a rift between the two stars.There are several unconfirmed theories floating around and nobody knows what exactly happened at that party. The incident left a scar and the split only seemed to have widen as the Khans are in no mood to call a truce.Shah Rukh is ecstatic with the reception of his recent release romantic drama film 'Jab Tak Hain Jaan'.According to estimates, the film grossed Rs 100 crore worldwide. \"I am happy that the film has earned Rs 100 crore worldwide. It is wonderful that the film is doing great. There were some issues in between despite that the film has worked. This film is very special to Katrina Kaif, Anushka Sharma and me,\" Shah Rukh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17301610", "title": "Financial incentives for industrial units with certification", "text": "The directorate of industries, trade and commerce, government of Goa, runs the 'Goa state financial incentives to industries for certification and patenting' scheme which aims at encouraging industrial units to obtain ISI or ISO certification/patent right on products/processes through subsidies. This week we look at how industrial units can benefit from this scheme and simultaneously set a benchmark of excellence for others to emulate.Eligibility criteriaAny industrial enterprise or service industry that wishes to obtain certification or patenting from competent institutions or organizations are eligible to applyThe unit has to be registered with or acknowledged by Entrepreneur Memorandum Part IIEligibility for hospital, educational institutions and cooperative banks under this scheme is at the discretion of the director, directorate of industries, trade and commerceDocuments requiredApplication form available at the office of the directorate of industries, trade and commerceTwo photographs of the applicantDocuments in support of proof of residence (copy of ration card, voter ID card or utility bill in applicant's name)Copy of applicant's PAN cardIncome tax return details for past three yearsAudited balance sheet for the previous three yearsProcedure for application and disbursementThe eligible unit has to apply in the specified format to the director, directorate of industries, trade and commerce, along with documentary proof, to show that the unit has obtained Indian standard institute (ISI)/international standard organization (ISO) or any certification or patent rightUpon receipt of the application, the director of industries, trade and commerce scrutinizes the list of eligible units and finalizes the amounts of subsidy payable within three months from the date of application. The financial assistance or subsidy is then disbursed within six months from the date of receiving the applicationBenefits under the schemeFinancial assistance or subsidy up to Rs 2 lakh is available for selected, eligible units as incentive to obtain certification or patent right on product and processesPoints to rememberUnits can obtain facility of financial incentive under this scheme only once in the lifetime of the unit after permanent registrationUnits that have already obtained ISI, ISO or any other international certification, but have not availed any financial assistance from the state government for the purpose of the same, are also eligible to apply for incentives under this scheme for additional certificationUnits that have availed central assistance for this purpose will also be eligible, but only to the extent of balance amount after deducting the central assistance availedAddress/Contact detailsDirectorate of Industries, Trade &amp; Commerce, Udyog Bhavan, Panaji, Goa - 403001Phone: 2222241, 2422268If you need more details on the procedures mentioned above, email us at toi.goa@timesgroup.com with \"@ your fingertips\" in the subject line. You can also write to us at: At your fingertips, c/o Times of India, Vivenda de Hassan, D Bandodkar Road, Miramar, Panaji - 403001Compiled by Rahul Rai", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17304597", "title": "Ajmal Kasab hanged: Timeline of events", "text": "PUNE: Nearly four years after the 26/11 Mumbai carnage, Pakistani terrorist Mohammed Ajmal Amir Kasab was today hanged in Yerawada Jail here.Following is the chronology of events leading to his hanging .Nov 26, 2008: Kasab and 9 terrorists launch commando raid in Mumbai.Nov 27, 2008: At 1.30am, Kasab caught and placed under arrest, admitted to Nair Hospital.Nov 29, 2008: All places under siege secured, 9 terrorists killed.Nov 30, 2008: Kasab confesses before police.Dec 27/28, 2008: Identification parade held.Jan 13, 2009 : M L Tahaliyani appointed 26/11 judge.Jan 16, 2009: Arthur Road Jail selected for Kasab's trial.Feb 5, 2009: Kasab's DNA samples match with articles found in Kuber.Feb 20/21, 2009: Kasab makes confession before magistrate.Feb 22, 2009 : Ujjwal Nikam appointed Special Public Prosecutor.Feb 25, 2009: Chargesheet against Kasab, two others filed in court.Apr 1, 2009: Anjali Waghmare appointed Kasab's lawyer.Apr 15, 2009: Anjali Waghmare removed as Kasab's lawyer.Apr 16, 2009: Abbas Kazmi appointed as Kasab's lawyer.Apr 17, 2009: Kasab's confession opened in court, he retracts.Apr 20, 2009 : Prosecution charges Kasab on 312 counts.Apr 29, 2009 : Kasab is major: experts' opinion.May 6, 2009: Charges framed, Kasab charged on 86 counts, but denies charges.May 8, 2009: First eyewitness deposes, identifies Kasab.June 23, 2009: Non-bailable warrants issued against 22 including Hafeez Saeed, Zaki-ur-Rehman Lakhvi.Nov 30, 2009: Abbas Kazmi removed as Kasab's lawyer.Dec 1, 2009 : K P Pawar takes place of Kazmi.Dec 16, 2009 : Prosecution completes its case in 26/11.Dec 18, 2009: Kasab denies all charges.March 31, 2010: Arguments in the case end. Special Judge M L Tahaliyani reserves judgement for May 3, 2010.May 3, 2010: Kasab convicted, Sabauddin Ahmed and Faheem Ansari acquitted of all charges.May 6, 2010: Kasab was sentenced to death by the trial court.Feb 21, 2011: Bombay high court upholds death sentence to Kasab.March 2011 : Kasab writes letter to SC challenging HC order.Oct 10, 2011: SC stays execution of the death sentence awarded to Pakistani terrorist Kasab.Oct 10, 2011: Kasab tells SC that he was brainwashed like a \"robot\" into committing the heinous crime in the name of \"God\" and that he does not deserve capital punishment owing to his young age.Oct 18, 2011 : The Supreme Court admits Maharashtra government's appeal challenging the acquittal of Faheem Ansari and Sabauddin Ahmed, co-accused of Ajmal Kasab, in the 26/11 Mumbai terror attack.Jan 31, 2012: Kasab tells SC that he was not given a free and fair trial in the case.Feb 23, 2012: SC hears intercepted conversations between the perpetrators of 26/11 Mumbai terror attack and their Pakistani handlers and watched the CCTV footage of the carnage.Apr 25, 2012 : SC reserves its verdict after a marathon hearing, spanning over two and a half months.Aug 29, 2012 : SC upholds death sentence of Kasab and acquittal of two alleged Indian co-conspirators in the case.Oct 16,2012: Union Home Ministry recommends to President for rejection of Kasab's mercy plea.Nov 5,2012: President rejects Kasab's mercy petition.Nov 8,2012: Maharashtra government informed about President's decision.Nov 21,2012: Kasab hanged in Yerwada Jail in Pune.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17318530", "title": "Kerala bags award for e-governance execution", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The state has bagged the 'eINDIA special mention award' for effective implementation of egovernance.IT principal secretary P H Kurien received the award from Andhra Pradesh IT and communication minister Ponnala Lakshmaiah at the recent twoday 'eIndia summit' in Hyderabad. The country's largest annual ICT event, eIndia summit 2012, was organized by Elets Technomedia with Andhra Pradesh government as its partner state.\"e-governance in Kerala has advanced a long way, from computerization of government departments to initiatives that encapsulate the finer points of governance. They include citizen centricity, service orientation and transparency,\" Kurien told the summit.Kerala State IT Mission egovernance head G Unnikrishnan presented a lecture on 'adhaar-based service delivery' at the summit. \"Kerala has performed outstandingly in the recent past in many areas of egovernance, including e-district program, citizen call centre and e-tendering,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17300454", "title": "Ex-registrar of med varsity apologises", "text": "CHENNAI: A former registrar of the state medical university, summoned by the Madras high court for a contemptuous letter she had addressed to the state government, appeared before the first bench on Tuesday and tendered her unconditional apologies.The first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam, accepting the apologies and dispensing with her further appearance, adjourned the main case relating to the new evaluation system of the Tamil Nadu Dr MGR Medical University to November 23 for further proceedings.The then registrar of the university, Dr R Srilakshmi, in her letter to the MCI on December 26, 2011, said that though the university had embarked on a new evaluation system 'guided by pragmatic considerations,' the high court had taken a 'hyper-technical stand' and negatived it.Treating it as a case of prima facie contempt, the court had issued contempt notice to her on November 9 and had directed to appear before the court on Tuesday.\"The then registrar R Srilakshmi, now associate professor and head of the department (in-charge) of medical genetics department of the university is present. She tendered her unconditional apology to the court. The bench accepted the apology and dispensed with her further appearance,\" the order read.The issues such as the new evaluation system and the 'failed' students' plea to be permitted to attend second year classes would be decided when the matter is taken up for hearing next.The registrar, in a letter to MCI had said though the university had embarked on a new evaluation system 'guided by pragmatic considerations,' the high court had taken a 'hyper-technical stand' and negatived it", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17301614", "title": "Bailancho Saad irate over sale of alcohol at Iffi", "text": "PANAJI: The government's decision to grant licences to sell alcohol on government premises during the 43rd international film festival of India ( Iffi) despite protests in the past, and also increase the number of outlets has been decried by women activists.Bailancho Saad, a women's collective, alleged that it had appealed to the excise commissioner, chief secretary and chief minister and even the President in the past and also staged several protests. \"But no action has been taken to stop permissions given to sell alcohol on government premises,\" Sabina Martins, Bailancho Saad, said.Liquor will be available to delegates and others at the Mahaveer children's park. The Kingfisher village is set up on the beach inside the park and also at the INOX courtyard. In addition, the new areas this year are outside the art gallery and the football stadium. \"At this rate, the day will not be far when alcohol will be available in the assembly and secretariat complex,\" Martins said.Bailancho Saad strongly objects to the projection of Goa as a place to drink the whole day long and make merry. In the past, several people have been found in an inebriated state over the venue causing nuisance which has been a cause for concern, Martins said.Bailancho Saad strongly condemns the Goa government and the Entertainment Society of Goa for violation of the objectives of the excise laws and principles of the Constitution which prohibits promotion of alcohol. This year, the timing of the sale of alcohol is from 9am which is otherwise restricted to after 11am for licenced outlets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17302744", "title": "PGI to spread awareness about epilepsy in children", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The department of pediatrics at PGI will hold a series of public lectures to mark the golden jubilee celebrations of the institute. On of these lectures, to be delivered on November 23 from 4pm to 5pm, will be on \"Epilepsy in children\".Worldwide, epilepsy is over twice as common in children as in adults, with about seven out of every 1,000 children under 16 years of age being affected with it, compared to three out of every 1000 adults.It is one of the most common reasons for children's hospital visits. More than 60% epilepsy cases reportedly begin in childhood. In India, the prominent causes are parasitic cyst in the brain (neurocysticercosis), birth associated brain injury such as hypoxic ischemic injury and other genetic causes.At PGI, the experts will delve upon topics like management of seizures at home, types of seizures in children and some prevalent myths. \"A seizure in a child at home frightens the parent at times. If they are aware of the first aid for seizures, they will be able to prevent injury to the child,\" said Dr Sunit Singhi, head of the pediatrics department.Dr Pratibha Singhi of PGI said the neurodevelopment clinic at the Advanced Pediatric Centre has over 7,000 enrollments, with more than 50% children having seizures of one kind or another.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17302586", "title": "When Nitish Kumar is away, who cares!", "text": "PATNA: There might be several reasons behind the Monday tragedy in the state capital but many feel that whenever CM Nitish Kumar is not around, state bureaucracy tends to take things easy, even at the cost of human lives.Nitish himself said at the Monday evening presser that had he been in Patna, he would have monitored and reviewed all the preparations from all angles many times. \"But I was not here. When I came back I could get time only to see the cleaning of the ghats for which I issued some directives,\" he said.The common refrain in the ruling political class is that when Nitish is away, the bureaucrats go slow and do not listen to the ministers even. A senior bureaucrat also admitted this and said it happens everywhere. \"When I am away, my subordinates go slow; when I am around they work tirelessly.\"Nitish's statement was possibly influenced by the same feeling that in his absence, the officials concerned did not give adequate attention to the preparations for even the all important Chhath festival. In 2007, when Nitish had gone to Mauritius, the flood wreaked havoc in north Bihar and the administration had just failed to launch the rescue, relief and rehab works. The operation could be accelerated only after his return.Rumour-mongering as part of a conspiracy to defame the Nitish government was also not ruled out as the buzz that an electric live wire fell on the makeshift pontoon bridge had caused panic and power cut. There is a strong apprehension in the administrative circles that a group having links with a particular political party was acting as agent provocateur in an organized manner. Sources said the inquiry will take this aspect into account as well.\"There could be some conspiracy to defame the Nitish led government,\" said JD-U spokesman Niraj Kumar. He also recalled that a few years back, on the eve of Eid festival, rumours were spread about poison in the dairy milk and irritating chemical in the packed henna. That had caused tension and panic at that time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "17302085", "title": "Kate Middleton is pregnant, says friend", "text": "NEW YORK: Kate Middleton is pregnant and the royal couple is \"planning to make an announcement\" next month, a close friend of the duchess has claimed.Thirty-year-old Kate, has been on pregnancy watch since she and Prince William , 30, tied the knot in April 2011. After all the scrutiny, the Duchess and the Duke of Cambridge may make a baby announcement next month, Jessica Hay, a former roommate of Kate's, who attended the royal wedding, said.According to the New York Post , Hay spilled the news in an interview with Australia-based New Idea magazine. \"They're planning to make an announcement in December. William and Kate are focused on starting a family,\" she told the magazine.Hay said that the future King and Queen of England are pretty far along in baby planning. \"It seems very traditional, but of course they will be happy with boys or two girls, they don't want more. According to the paper, Kate and William, reportedly put baby plans on hold due their high-profile engagements throughout the year, including the Queen's Diamond Jubilee and the London Olympics. Friends of the royal couple told Vanity Fair last month that the couple \"hope to be blessed with a baby soon\", the paper said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17302983", "title": "Unutilized funds piling up, but RU gets Rs 9cr more", "text": "JAIPUR: Even as crores of funds granted to the science department of Rajasthan University by different funding agencies lie unutilized, RU is likely to get a fresh grant of Rs 9 crore by some agencies to promote research and development work in the Physics and Zoology department.RU vice-chancellor BL Sharma, who is facing the flak of RU Teachers Association for not utilizing the grants, disclosed this during the inauguration of Law College Students' Union at RU.\"The department of science and technology has shortlisted RU's two departments-Physics (Level-1) and Zoology (Level-2) for grants. The proposals submitted by these department speak volumes about the quality of our research work,\" said Sharma, adding that the department of science and technology has considered the university proposal and is likely to grant Rs 8 crores for the Physics department and one crore for the Zoology department.Call it mismanagement or lack of will, the university has failed to utilize Rs 3 crore allotted to it by the state government in 2010-11 to develop a 'Centre for Excellence for Nano Technology'. The government had also promised to spend around one crore every year on maintenance of equipment and laboratories.Even after two years, the university is still in the process of procuring equipment. Besides, major chunk of the Rs 10 crore grant to the biotechnology department for expansion and recruitment of teachers is yet to be utilized. Defending the delay, BK Srivastava, dean of science faculties, said, \"Utilizing grants is a very cumbersome process and requires approval from different committees.\"Meanwhile, Rajasthan University will see a major expansion in infrastructural facilities with the laying of foundation stone of a girls' hostel, two conference halls and auditorium by chief minister Ashok Gehlot . He will also inaugurate a girls' gym laced with modern equipment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17300739", "title": "TN unlikely to debar tainted doctors", "text": "CHENNAI: A month after the Medical Council of India (MCI) asked the Tamil Nadu State Medical Council to bar four doctors from practicing medicine for falsely declaring themselves as full-time teachers of a self-financing medical college, the state council has decided that the \"punishment does not justify action.\"The state council made inquiries with the four doctors, who said their names were used by the college without their consent. \"We are not convinced by their reply, but it does not warrant suspension of licence. They did not do anything unethical involving patients, and there is no case of negligence or abuse. We can, at best, debar them from becoming faculty,\" said state council president Dr K Prakasam. The Tamil Nadu State Medical Council is not an arm of MCI, he said, adding that the council will meet on November 30 to decide on the action against the doctors.In October, MCI had ordered the removal of the names of 25 doctors from the registers of the state medical council as they had been named full-time faculty of Melmaruvathur Adiparasakthi Institute of Medical Sciences in Tamil Nadu.MCI's ethics committee said they had conducted an inquiry based on a CBI (Chennai) report that implicated the doctors. Four doctors were registered in Chennai, and the others in Maharashtra, Odisha, Andhra Pradesh , Gujarat and Karnataka. The MCI order, signed by its secretary Sanjay Shrivastava, debarred eight doctors for three years, seven for four years and nine others for five years.In November, MCI sent recommendations to the state council asking it to delete the names of Dr R Madhavan, Dr K Nedumaran, Dr Mayilsamy and Dr S Thiyagraja Murthy from the medical registry.\"As per the act, doctors are registered by the state councils. They will have to remove the names from the state registry and forward it to us. Only then can we remove them from the Indian medical registry,\" said Shrivastava.When state council said it would make its investigations in the first week, MCI president Dr K K Talwar said he expected the councils to act soon or he would be forced to act. On Tuesday, Dr Prakasam said MCI was unfair in barring Tamil Nadu doctors for five years and Maharashtra doctors for only three years.\"MCI should punish everyone from the inspector to the college management for this offence. It is unfair to punish only a few,\" said Dr Prakasam.MCI had asked the state medical council to bar four doctors because they had falsely declared themselves fulltime teachers of a private medical college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17305884", "title": "Sprint legend Usain Bolt may play cricket after Rio Games", "text": "LONDON: Jamaican sprint king Usain Bolt , who has already conquered the racing track with six Olympic gold medals, may switch to cricket after the 2016 Games in Rio de Janerio.The 26-year-old from Jamaica had held talks with Australian spin legend Shane Warne's Melbourne Stars in October but his agent Ricky Simms said that he won't be available for this year's Big Bash Twenty20 League.\"Usain is currently an athlete focused on his preparations for the 2013 World Championships in Moscow ,\" Simms said. \"He may try his hand at cricket or football when he retires from running but that would be after 2016.\"Bolt, who grew up in cricket-mad Jamaica and is the defending champion in 100m, 200m and 4x100m relay events at the London 2012 Olympics, had earlier showed interest in participating in the Australian tournament.Warne then tried his hand to bring Bolt in the team and had launched a Twitter campaign.On Friday, former Australia wicketkeeper Ian Healy once again brought up the issue when he tweeted that a deal between Bolt and the Stars to play in the competition - which runs from 7 December to 9 January - was \"hours away\".However, Simms dismissed the claim, saying: \"I met with the Melbourne Stars in October and told them Usain is not available to play cricket this year.\"In the past, Bolt has appeared in charity cricket matches and even managed to famously clean bowled then West Indies captain Chris Gayle in 2009.Bolt, who considers football to be his first love, was also the special guest of Manchester United at the 2011 Champions League final in London.Last October, the Jamaican also expressed his desire to play football professionally in the future.\"I always wanted to try to play soccer,\" he said in October. \"Maybe at the end of my career. It would be something that I would love to try,\" he had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17301847", "title": "Cabinet may extend sanitation scheme today", "text": "NEW DELHI: Anxious to eliminate manual scavenging and check open defecation, the Union Cabinet on Thursday is expected to consider the proposal to continue the integrated low cost sanitation scheme in the 12th five year plan (2012-17).The scheme, implemented by the housing and urban poverty alleviation ministry, aims to convert dry latrines into twin pit pour flush latrines and also construction of new sanitary latrines for economically weaker section (EWS) households which don't have latrines and are forced to defecate in open in cities and towns.An official said the scheme was ending in the current financial year but the decision to seek extension into the 12th plan was taken considering the huge sanitation problem in urban areas.Though the ministry often claims that the mandate of the scheme has been fully achieved with total sanction of projects for conversion of all dry latrines as reported by state governments, the situation on the ground is different.\"The practice of manual scavenging is still there in some parts but these cases are not being reported by municipalities and the state government,\" said an official.The ministry has so far sanctioned projects for the conversion of 2,51,963 dry latrines into water sealed toilets and construction of 1,70,337 new latrines for urban poor.\"The scheme was implemented with the objective of conversion of all reported dry latrines and thereby to liberate manual scavengers from inhuman practice of carrying night soil,\" a senior ministry official said.Under the scheme, 25% of funds were earmarked for new construction of toilets for EWS households who have no latrines. The unit cost of construction of toilets with superstructure is Rs 10,000 (Rs 12,500 for north eastern states and hilly areas).As of now, the central government's has to bear 75% of the cost while states contribute 15% and rest is met by the beneficiary. Sources said the ministry is considering revising the funding pattern aimed at covering more EWS households.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17301319", "title": "CPM slams arrest of two women for anti-Sena Facebook post", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CPM on Tuesday condemned the arrest of two young women in Maharashtra for disapproving of bandh after Shiv Sena supremo Bal Thackeray's death on a Facebook post.Calling it a clear misuse of the IT Act, the CPM said in a statement, \"The Congress-NCP government panders to the Shiv Sena's brand of intolerant and authoritarian politics.\"While demanding immediate withdrawal of cases against the two women, the CPM said, \"Under his (Thackeray's) leadership, the Shiv Sena always played upon the reactionary politics of identity, which diverted attention from grave problems facing Maharashtra.\"The CPM called Shiv Sena's politics \"deeply communal\" and \"deeply anti-working class\". \"In this it received the full and consistent support of successive Congress governments and of the big capitalists of Mumbai. In the late 1960s, the Communists were at the receiving end of Mr Thackeray's violent political practice,\" said the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17302179", "title": "Headless CID trips on high profile probes", "text": "HYDERABAD: Wanted IPS officers! This may sound a bit alarmist but despite a massive reshuffle of IPS officers across the state, the Crime Investigation Department (CID), an important investigating arm of the state police, is short of officers. Incidentally, it has just one inspector-general of police (IGP)-rank officer instead of five. As a result, investigation in hundreds of cases registered by the agency is moving at a snail's pace.With the transfer of IG Kumar Vishwajeet from CID to Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) within a span of three months, the agency is left with three IGPs -- Umapathi, Umesh Sharaf and Chandramouli -- in its ranks, but functionally only one officer. Umapathi, scheduled to superannuate by November-end, has gone on leave, citing personal reasons, while Umesh Sharaf is all set to go to Delhi on central deputation. The CID is now left with just one IGP-level officer, Chandramouli.\"In just one year, nearly 1,000 cases were registered by CID in connection with cyber crime, women protection cell, white collar offences and others. Most of these cases are still at the investigation stage and chargesheets are yet to be filed. Besides, there is a huge backlog of cases. If full-time IGPs are not immediately deputed to CID, the work is going to get affected badly,'' a senior CID officer told TOI.In the Monday's reshuffle, the state government appointed senior IPS officer Krishna Prasad head of CID in place of S V Ramanamurthy. However, little attention was paid in deputing IGPs and superintendents of police (SPs)-level officers to the agency. Ideally, the agency needs 12 SP-level officers, but presently has just six.As CID deals with several important cases, including the recent AP State Minorities Finance Corporation ( APSMFC), CBI joint director call data record leakage case, a forgery case involving DGP-rank officer Umesh Kumar and irregularities in Yogi Vemana University. Besides, CID deals with inter-state cases.Also, CID is the nodal agency in the state which deals with deportation of accused from other countries and issuing red corner notices through the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI).Though there are sufficient number of DSPs and inspectors, who are the actual foot soldiers of the agency, there are not enough bosses to make them work. The new CID office in Lakdikapul is almost ready for occupation, but there are hardly any officers to occupy the rooms.In just one year, nearly 1,000 cases were registered by CID in connection with cyber crime, women protection cell, white collar offences and others. Most of these cases are still at the investigation stage and chargesheets are yet to be filed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17301512", "title": "Rane Nagar bus stop: Commuters worry about road safety", "text": "NASHIK: Residents of CIDCO, Rana Pratap Chowk, Rajeev nagar, Chetna Nagar and Rane Nagar are facing inconvenience in boarding inter-city Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) buses as they have to cross the new flyover in the absence of a footover bridge.According to residents, their plight is worsened by MSRTC drivers who take the flyover, instead of the service road that runs parallel to it.While the Rane Nagar flyover has eased traffic congestion, residents have to walk across the Mumbai-Agra national highway to board the buses. \"It is difficult to understand why the bus stop was moved from Rane Nagar to a no-man's land on the newly widened six-lane highway. It poses a serious security threat to pedestrians,\" said Nitin Dabholkar, a Rajeev Nagar resident who travels frequently to Mumbai.The situation was not a problem till construction work was on at the Lekha Nagar bridge but that has now been completed. Within a week, the constructed road would be operational. Rane Nagar has an underpass to ensure busy traffic moves smoothly on the national highway but this does not help commuters taking the bus.Sanjay Nimse, a resident in the State Bank of India (SBI) area, complained about the practical problems faced while boarding the bus. \"Earlier the traffic on the road was slow and cautious. Crossing the road was therefore easy at the SBI stop. But the current SBI stop is situated at the junction where the two bridges conclude; vehicles will undoubtedly be speeding at this point and it will put pedestrians in harm's way,\" Nimse said.Further, there are no autorickshaws available at the juncture either. \"One will have to walk nearly 300 meters to Rane Nagar to get an an auto to the Rajeev Nagar area. Imagine doing this after 10pm,\" said Rashmi Pillai, another commuter.Locals suggested that it would have been more appopriate for Rane Nagar to have public transport on either side of the road with the underpass to for pedestrians to cross the highway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "purnia", "code": "17302518", "title": "2 burned alive in \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcdiya\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 fire", "text": "PURNIA: Two minors sisters \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Juli and Misha \u00e2\u20ac\u201d were roasted alive inside a room after a 'diya' (earthen lamp) tumbled down on a 'soop' ( straw-basket ) and caught fire at village Kanderpel under Dhandkhora police station in Katihar district.The fire instantly spread and engulfed a cluster of homes. The minors were daughters of one Raj Kumar Thakur. They were quite exhausted after the evening arghya at the ghat and were lying on a small bed spread on the ground. The family members had shut the door from outside since puja materials were inside the room, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "makavarapalem", "code": "17301922", "title": "Young couple sells newborn for Rs 10,000", "text": "MAKAVARAPALEM: A poverty-stricken couple sold their 10-day-old baby girl to a farmer for Rs 10,000. The incident took place in Makavarapalem mandal on Monday but came to light only on Tuesday.P Durga Devi of Tamaram village in Makavarapalem and Ashok Teja of Kakinada, who were blessed with a baby girl on November 9, planned to sell the baby in the hospital itself as they were finding it tough to make both ends meet. They entered into an agreement with Potala Srinviasa Rao, a farmer of Kannampeta village in Amalapuram panchayat in Narsipatnam mandal, and handed over the infant to him on November 19. When the word spread, women and child welfare wing officials led by project officer Ananta Lakshmi arrived at the primary health centre here on Tuesday and questioned the young couple who admitted that they had sold the baby. The officials swung into action and rescued the baby from Srinivasa Rao, who was warned of severe action. The child was brought back to Tamaram and handed over to the parents.Devi and Teja had got married in a police station in April last year after their parents refused to acknowledge their relationship since both of them belong to different castes. With no job, they started living with Devi's parents in Tamaram.The young parents were later counselled by the women and child welfare officials who restored the baby to them with a warning. The jobless parents, both aged below 25 years, claimed that they took the extreme step as they had no money to take care of the baby.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17302421", "title": "A long night of horror at PMCH", "text": "PATNA: My colleague and I went to Gai Ghat on Saturday to watch the setting sun during Chhath for the first time. While returning, when we stopped at Adalat Ghat because of heavy traffic, I never thought I would witness tragedy unfold right before my eyes that night.We asked a traffic policeman why vehicles were not moving and why there was so much panic all of a sudden. \"The crowd moving towards Mahendru Ghat has been diverted towards Adalat Ghat as the bridge at Mahendru Ghat has collapsed,\" he informed.We parked our scooty on the roadside and elbowed our way to an area near the Bankipore post office. We saw a girl of around 12 crying. \"Mummy, papa nahi mil rahe hai!\" she sobbed.Her name was Poonam. She knew she came from Laljitola but nothing beyond that.Moved by her plight, we offered to help her, especially since we saw a drunken youth trying to drop her home. We took her to the Pirbahore police station.We were taken aback by the scene there. Children of various age groups were crying and looking for their \"missing\" parents. The police had a tough time consoling them. We handed over Poonam to the police. A child of around two was found lying half unconscious. How we can help her, we wondered. No ambulance, doctor or first aid was visible. When the SHO came and learnt that there was no medical help, he called a doctor. That many children like Poonam had gone missing became apparent from the rush of panic-stricken parents to the police station.The doctor said some of the children needed emergency treatment, especially Shruti, the two-year old, who was having respiratory problems and a boy with chest and rib injuries. An ambulance was called to take them to the emergency ward of PMCH. We got into the ambulance along with the parents. It seemed like an endless journey. We could not pay the driver as we had left our purse in the scooty, but he did not mind. \"Aap anjaan ho kar itna kar rahe hai, mera dil nahi maan raha ki me aapse paise lu.\"The scene at PMCH was more heart wrenching. The first doctor refused to touch Shruti saying we should take her to the children's ward. We rushed out of the emergency ward with the child in our arms, frantically looking for a vehicle. We spotted a police jeep and though the driver initially refused us, we forced him to take us to the children's ward. There we were told to get a receipt without which a doctor would not see the child. An old man offered to help, \"You take the child, I am getting the formalities done,\" he said.The doctors there said Shruti needed oxygen and asked us to again take her back to the emergency ward. This tossing around from one department to another made the people who were with us angry and they turned violent. They went breaking and smashing things around. Finally, two youths offered to drop us at the emergency ward. But Shruti, we felt, was getting worse as she was not responding.Locating the OT in the emergency ward was an uphill task. Bodies were lying around, people were screaming, some were crying, some were drunk. Anyway, we thought Shruti was in safe hands and decided to return to the police station. There we found the number of children had grown. They were crying while the police were desperately trying to locate their parents. The police had offered them biscuits.\"Mein aap logo ke sath hi ghar jaungi,\" said Poonam when she spotted us. But since a man claiming to be her uncle was there, we thought we should not interfere.However, we felt at this rate, anyone could come and claim to be the kin of a child. We requested the police to check identity cards of people before handing over children. In about two hours all the children were re-united with their parents. We were glad Poonam and Shruti had also found their parents.We thought we would check out the children's ward again. No sooner had we entered the PMCH compound than we saw a violent crowd throwing stones at the police and smashing glass and attacking police jeeps. We learnt that the doctors had declared \"dead\" a few children though they were still \"alive\"!We made our way to the children's ward and there we saw about five children lying on the floor unattended. We went looking for the ward doctor on duty. The doctor said the unruly behaviour of the crowd had left him traumatized. The crowd had gone on the rampage and threatened the doctor.It was a terrifying scene of smashing glass, shrieks, screams... We narrowly escaped a glass hitting our face. After some time the situation was calmed and volunteers were seen rushing in to carry the dead children to the emergency ward. My colleague volunteered to carry two children in a rickshaw. The place was swarming with TV reporters who wanted to know if the police were to blame. But why blame the police, we thought, as they had helped us at every point.We were there for quite some time and during this period we saw frequent outbursts and altercations between doctors and the crowd. For the second time we narrowly escaped being hurt by a flying stone. We decided to return to the Pirbahore police station again. We were in a daze. The scene, here, too had turned violent. However, we were accompanied by some policemen into the PS.By 2 am when we were returning home, exhausted, we found policemen everywhere at Ashok Rajpath. When dawn broke the following day, the same lane of death, Adalat Ghat, saw hundreds of devotees making their way to the river to offer \"arghya\" to the rising sun.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17302680", "title": "No child welfare officer at most city police stations", "text": "NAGPUR: As per the directives of the state government issued some years ago, all police stations must have a designated child welfare officer. However, only four of the 23 police stations in the city have done so.John Menachery, principal of Matru Seva Sangh College of Social Work, said there was a provision of special juvenile aid cell in all police stations across the state to deal with crime against a child and with a child offender or children in conflict with law, as they are now called. \"Maharashtra government has also made this compulsory. There has to be a person in all the police stations designated to look after such matters. Sadly, implementation of this provision is happening in very few police stations of the city. This is also because such cases are not reported in all areas,\" he said.City police chief Ankush Dhanvijay admitted only a few police stations had such officers. \"Due to shortage of manpower, it is difficult to assign a child welfare officer at all police stations. We have been giving training for such purpose. I have instructed all senior officers to implement the rule,\" he said.\"Many times, official assigned for the purpose is also unaware he has been given the charge,\" a source said. He added, \"Ajni has slums nearby so they have such cases regularly while in areas like Pratap Nagar there may not be any throughout the year.\"Apart from the child welfare officer, it is learnt there is no separate counselor from the government for minor victims, informed Ranjana Pardhi, chairperson of child welfare committee. \"According to Juvenile Justice Act, there should be a separate counselor for the minor victims. We have sent the proposal many times but still no action has been taken. We have to take help from other social organizations or NGOs,\" she said.The same problem was claimed by Kamal Jadhav, senior police inspector of social service branch, who recently rescued many minor victims from human trafficking. In September this year, Jadhav rescued 11 minors from red light area. \"The victims are so under trauma that they refuse to share anything. From the age of 10, these victims are forced to stay in that environment and they open up with very few people. We have to counsel them a lot to help them open up,\" she said. The victims are later shifted to rehabilitation centres.Jadhav informed that recently she rescued a minor from Patna from red light area. \"Two months have passed but the girl is still under shock,\" she said.Advocate Jyoti Dharamadhikari has been working on areas like child labour and child beggars. She believes quick trial and proper punishment in such cases alone could curb them. \"In case of child labour, some children are forced into it while in other cases, it is their need. Even in begging case, the person forcing them should be punished. We want to create public awareness to help bring such cases to the fore,\" she said.Social Worker, Vasanti Deshpande, who has helped many child abuse victims lead a normal life, said that city police helped a lot in such cases. \"Lack of manpower is the main problem. Still, women cops take care of the victim till they are in safe hands,\" she said. She too said every police station should have a child welfare officer and also a counselor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17302765", "title": "Leopard found dead in Chichpalli", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17302510", "title": "Chhath leaves lake in a mess, KIT in lone clean-up act", "text": "KOLKATA: It's been declared a lake of national importance, but Kolkatans hardly seem to be proud of it. By far the biggest waterbody in the southern part of the city with a green patch that's second in size only to the Maidan, Rabindra Sarovar is routinely abused during the Chhat festival every November. It has been no different this time.What's perhaps more shocking is the government agencies' reluctance to protect the lake from the filth that's hurled into the water. While the Kolkata Improvement Trust (KIT), which maintains the waterbody, has made a valiant effort to clean up the mess following the festival on Monday, the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) and the police, the KIT alleged, withdrew from the scene leaving them alone to do the job. The result: piles of plastic cups, earthen pots, flowers and sundry other garbage floated around in the waters, particularly towards the southern and western sides of the lake.A mammoth crowd had descended on the lake for the puja rituals on Monday. According to the KIT security guards and the police, it was much bigger than the last year's gathering. Almost the entire lake was littered. Even though the KIT swung into action on Tuesday morning, shortly after the last group of revellers had left, they received no assistance from the KMC or the police.\"In the previous years, the KMC's men had helped us and so had the police. That helped us do the job better and faster. But this time, they didn't help. Yet, we have managed to clean up about 70-80% of the filth that was hurled into the water. We hope to finish the job by Wednesday morning,\" said a KIT official.Around 60 KIT workers started the clean-up operation around 8.30 am on Tuesday. By early afternoon, much of the mess was cleared. \"We concentrated on the edge of the water which receives the maximum filth. Thankfully, there's none at the moment. The middle portion of the lake has got some garbage. This is the trash that drifted quickly from the edges and could not be mopped up. It will be gone by tomorrow. But we have removed all the trash that had collected within 20 feet of the edges,\" said the official. He added that the job would have been finished on Tuesday had the other agencies helped.Residents, too, agreed. The local councillor discouraged policemen from persuading people not to litter the lake, it was alleged. \"The policemen and KIT officials urge the revellers not to hurl flowers and other material into the lake. This year, too, they tried to reason with them that the lake is a waterbody of national importance and there's a high court ruling which prohibits its littering. Surprisingly, the councillor asked the police to move back and let people enter. We understand that this is a religious festival and you can't use force to stop them. But you shouldn't be encouraging it either,\" said an NGO worker.The KIT said there were no barricades this year which made it difficult to keep a vigil. \"In the absence of police, there was little that our guards could do. Every year, we make an effort to persuade people to stay away from the water. A few listen. Eventually, the lake is littered, but some portion of the lake is saved. This time we couldn't protect an inch,\" said the KIT official. According to a high court ruling, bathing, cleaning utensils or washing clothes is prohibited at the lake. Immersion of idols, too, is not allowed.The civic authorities, on the other hand, claimed they have never helped clean up the lake. \"It is the KIT's responsibility and we have nothing to do with it. So, we have no role in either encouraging or discouraging any activity at the lake,\" said a KMC executive engineer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17305988", "title": "Why should I rejoice Kasab hanging, asks Ashish Chowdhry", "text": "His sister and brother-in-law were killed in the Mumbai terror attack but actor Ashish Chowdhry is not rejoicing over hanging of Pakistani Ajmal Amir Kasab who he says was \"brainwashed\" and \"driven to kill in the name of god\".Kasab, the sole surviving gunman of the 2008 attack, was hanged in Pune Wednesday, after his mercy plea was rejected by President Pranab Mukherjee earlier this month.\"Why should I rejoice Kasab's death? I will rejoice when little innocent children will stop being taught to kill in the name of god and religion,\" Ashish tweeted.\"Ignorance gave different faces to god, who in my view is one. Hence, religion too is one and that religion is humanity. Kasab was not taught that.\"I sympathise with Kasab. He also was once a small innocent baby, like my son. But unfortunately born around wrong people and wrong teachings.\"I'm sure as a little baby, Kasab didn't plan his outcome. He was brainwashed, driven to kill in the name of god. He didn't know he was wrong,\" he added.Kasab was hanged five days before the fourth anniversary of the Mumbai terror attack that claimed 166 lives. Nine of his associates, who were killed, had been secretly buried in the city in January 2010.Ashish's sister and brother-in-law were held hostage and killed while having dinner at the Oberoi hotel, one of the targets of the terrorists.\"I will not teach my children to rejoice anyone's death - be it Kasab. They will learn to be non-vindictive, non-fanatical and will love all. I'm not saying that I defend the consequence he faced.\"I just feel that rejoicing, or feeling completion doesn't make sense. There's more to it,\" said Ashish.\"In these four years of awaiting and looking upon Kasab's sentence, I can bet lakhs of new Kasab's were born. Problem lies there. Rejoice when that stops,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17305324", "title": "Hope rule of law will apply in Pakistan in 26/11 trial like in Ajmal Kasab's case: Khurshid", "text": "NEW DELHI: India on Wednesday expressed the hope that rule of law will prevail in Pakistan as well in the 26/11 attack trial like it did in the case of Ajmal Kasab here.\"Frankly speaking, we have allowed rule of law to prevail (in the case of Ajmal Kasab). Similarly we hope rule of law will be followed in Pakistan. There is not vast difference between the criminal procedures in India and Pakistan,\" external affairs minister Salman Khurshid told reporters here.He was reacting to the hanging of Kasab, the lone surviving gunman of the 26/11 attack in Mumbai in 2008, in Yerwada Jail in Pune early this morning.Khurshid said action in Pakistan on 26/11 perpetrators was necessary for the \"extremely unpleasant incident\" in which there was \"tremendous amount of tragic loss of life.\"He said India let the rule of the law follow when it came to Kasab and he was even given the opportunity to file a mercy petition before the President.\"This shows we see everyone as equal. Law applies for everyone and it is same for everyone,\" he said.The minister said according to legal requirements, India informed Pakistan government and Kasab's family about the \"inevitable event\" of his execution.\"We did send a fax message to the Pakistan Foreign Office. There is no other way of communicating (the event). Though the message was not accepted we fulfilled our obligations,\" he said.Khurshid said a courier was also sent to an address given by Kasab during his confessions informing about the execution.On whether India received any request for handing over of Kasab's body either from the Pakistan Government or his family, he said no such request was received.To a question, he said it was for Pakistan to take a call on its citizen. \"We have informed an address in Pakistan about the inevitable event,\" he said.The minister dismissed suggestions that Pakistan interior minister Rehman Malik's visit to India was postponed because of the execution.\"I don't think there is any link. The visits are decided on merit. The home ministry made an assessment. It was agreed that since Parliament will be in session there will not be ample time. There will be another appropriate time,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17301592", "title": "Taleigaokars pitch to protect agriculture land", "text": "PANAJI: Taleigao villagers are lobbying for reversion of agricultural areas marked settlement in the outline development plan (ODP) plan for the village to protect the last few patches of cultivable land.Members at a gram sabha of Taleigao panchayat on Sunday demanded deletion of survey numbers in agricultural land shown as settlement areas in the ODP.The meeting was chaired by sarpanch Ida Falcao and a suggestion by a member, Collin Curry, that any changes to be recommended to ODP plans by villagers should be put up before the gram sabha first, sparked off the discussion.Another member, Xavier Almeida, said if that was the case, a special gram sabha should be convened to discuss the issue. He suggested that the ODP plans be displayed for suggestions.Almeida, who is also the president of progressive farmers association, Taleigao, said if any resolution is put before the gram sabha, it should be to seek a total ban on constructions on agriculture land. \"Whatever little of this land is left should be protected,\" he said.Small parcels of the cultivable land are utilized by farmers, but a major portion remains barren. \"If agricultural land is fallow, it doesn't mean it should be converted,\" Almeida said. The paddy fields act as balancing reservoirs during the monsoon due to their water holding capacity.The members, who also discussed the issue of stray cattle and the failure of the contractor to impound cattle, also decided to submit their views to the town and country planning department (TCP) on proposed changes to ODP.TCP has allowed time till December 8 to citizens and others to submit their suggestions or objections to proposed changes in ODPs of Taleigao, Panaji and Mapusa.Most of the cultivable land marked settlement is still safe. A contiguous patch of agricultural land from Bhattant, Caranzalem to Agrant and Tonca is about 150 acres and about 50 acres in Tolleant, near the St Cruz border.A member, Parag Veluskar also raised the issue about the menace of stray cattle. A contractor engaged by the panchayat has failed to fulfill the conditions of the contract.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17302507", "title": "Commissioner\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s call for force unanswered", "text": "PATNA: It was a total chaos at Patna Medical College and Hospital (PMCH). People were looking infuriated, doctors on duty were in peril of being attacked, bodies were kept coming in and victims' relatives were running helter-skelter in search of their near and dear ones. The situation was so tensed that divisional commissioner ELSN Bala Prasad made frantic calls to DGP, SSP and city SP for deployment of police force in the hospital but his calls went unanswered for around half an hour.DGP Abhayanand reached PMCH after half an hour late when the infuriated mob already damaged emergency ward and control room of the hospital. The PMCH superintendent reached the hospital at least two hours late. \"How is it possible that they will remain unavailable to me?\" Prasad asked. He also called in for disaster management force at the same time but in vain.One of the doctors, who was on duty, said, \"When no police force arrived and the situation was going out of control, the divisional commissioner asked the doctors present to make safe exit for lady doctors and nurses from the ward.\"\"We were present in the hospital in full force. It was after the mob started ransacking the emergency ward and divisional commissioner's instruction, we escaped from the scene to save our lives,\" a doctor said while denying the reports of no doctors present in the hospital.PMCH superintendent Dr O P Choudhary said the mob damaged Room Nos 102, 105, two OTs of emergency ward and the control room.A doctor on duty said at around 7.15 pm a youth brought carrying a girl child who was declared dead. \"Soon, within two minutes four other bodies of children were brought, all dead. Within few minutes, two more bodies of dead children were brought. Later on, seven bodies, all women, were brought but declared dead. Two more bodies followed thereafter, both women,\" the said, adding that all deaths took place due to asphyxiation.A hospital employee said the mob got infuriated when they found some alive persons kept under the debris of dead bodies. \"Nine bodies were taken to Magadh hospital at Rajendra Nagar and five to Arvind hospitalvat Ashok Rajpath. Seven casualties have been reported from PMCH, autopsy of whom were conducted around Monday midnight,\" the superintendent said.He said all seven autopsy were conducted by unknown name. \"That's why we could not send the list of victims to the government,\" he said. This was also confirmed by the Patna civil surgeon (CS) Dr Lakhendra Prasad. \"We have not got any list of dead persons neither from PMCH and nor from Arvind hospital till now,\" quoted an official from CS office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17302565", "title": "Can go to CPM headquarters for no-trust vote support: Mamata Banerjee", "text": "KOLKATA: Mamata Banerjee relinquished her hardcore CPM-baiter identity for a few moments on Tuesday to say she was ready to step into the communist citadel of Alimuddin Street and rally support for a no-trust motion she plans to bring in Parliament against the UPA government. The overture to her political arch-enemy came as the Trinamool Congress chief found herself increasingly isolated on the issue. The CPM dismissed her plea as an act of \"desperation\" and Mamata's other big hope, the BJP, also indicated it was unlikely to support a no-trust motion, though the NDA has decided to press for a vote against retail FDI.Over the past week, Mamata has appealed to political leaders to dissolve party lines in people's interest. On Tuesday, she showed she was willing to do that herself. \"If necessary, I am even prepared to go to the CPM state headquarters at Alimuddin Street and talk to its secretary Biman Bose on the issue,\" she told reporters. Bose, however, asked her to do a reality check. \"If they want to discuss, they are welcome. But unlike them, we are aware of our limitations. The Left Front can't move a no-confidence on its own motion for lack of numbers,\" he said.The rhetoric and the rebuff apart, both leaders walked the political tightrope as the CPM and Trinamool tried to outdo each other on opposing FDI in retail.Govt will gain from no-trust vote: CPMThe CPM argued that the almost certain defeat of the no-confidence motion \u00e2\u20ac\u201d neither Trinamool (20MPs, including SUCI) or the Left (24 MPs) has the numbers as at least 50 MPs must back a motion for it to be admitted \u00e2\u20ac\u201d would only endorse the government's policies. \"Who knows whether the motion is at the Congress's behest or not? The only one who gains from it is them. So, whose interest are they (Trinamool) espousing?\" Bose said, adding, \"A win in a no-confidence motion will give the government the parliamentary legitimacy to pursue the reform process for the next six months.\"But Mamata said: \"If the CPM has reservations about our party sponsoring the motion, let them bring it. We will support it provided there is an assurance that they will not withdraw it midway striking a deal with the Congress.\"Both Mamata and Bose, though, were addressing their domestic constituencies rather than a national audience. Mamata didn't seem too concerned about numbers as she asked political parties to show \"strong will\" and take \"strong decisions\" to topple the \"minority government at the Centre\". Bose said the CPM would \"not indulge in such wishful thinking\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17302805", "title": "Vehicle-lifters held, 16 cars recovered", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Vadakara police on Tuesday claimed to have busted a racket involved in stealing vehicles and selling them through used car showrooms after getting them re-registered at various regional transport offices. As many as 16 vehicles, including 12 SUVs, have been recovered from the gang.The police team led by P P Sadanandan, DSP (crime detachment) also arrested five persons, including a computer engineering student, Pranav, who helped the gang fabricate the documents. Other arrested have been identified as Jomon alias Josy from Kundara in Kollam, Rajendran alias Gas Rajendran from Kottakarakkara, A Jayarajan from Chombala near Vadakara and M V Thadi Thomas alias Thadi Thomas hailing from Ernahipalam in Kozhikode.Though vehicle theft had come down drastically in north Kerala, police had noted an unnatural increase in theft cases involving Bolero jeeps in the past one year. Joby, a driver, was arrested with the Bolero jeep of the excise department in Wayanad a few days ago. It was this arrest that led to the busting of the gang, police said.Joby and Rajendran are experts in stealing vehicles by removing the windshield in the rear part of the vehicle. Police have recovered the tools used for removing the glass panes. They entered into the vehicle from the backside and drove away using duplicate keys.The stolen vehicles are later handed over to Thadi Thomas and Jayarajan, who with Pranav's the help of forged documents to get the vehicles re-registered in Gujarat. Later, they again used fake documents to get the stolen vehicles registered in Kozhikode and Thalassery RTOs. Once they get the proper documents, they sold the vehicles through used car showrooms in Kozhikode and Kannur. It has been learnt that the accused have confessed to lifting 26 vehicles.Police said it was the laxity on the part of the RTO office in Thalassery that led to the large-scale fraud. The officials did not verify the documents properly before re-registering the vehicles. In many cases re-registration was done within 15 days after the applications were submitted.As many as 32 vehicles were given re-registration at the Thalassery regional transport office within a few months, police said. Jayarajan would personally receive the letters written from the transport offices to Gujarat seeking NOC and he wrote replies and sent it to the office through post offices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17302809", "title": "Apparel training and design centre to be inaugurated on November 24", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The apparel training and design smart skill centre ( ATDC), set up by the Kerala State Women's Development Corporation, in association with the Union ministry of textiles, would be inaugurated on November 24.The corporation will also set up public toilets exclusively for women in major cities in the state, including Kozhikode.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17300273", "title": "BIC set to host festival of speed", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Buddh International Circuit (BIC) will hosts as many as 14 races including the finale of JK Racing Asia Series and MRF Challenge at the end of this month.The Sidvin Festival of Speed will be held at the BIC from November 30 to December 2. The circuit will also host the final rounds the JK Tyre-Volkswagen Polo R Cup and the JK Tyre-FMSCI National Racing championship. Close to 125 drivers from India and abroad will display their skills at the F1 circuit.The JK Tyre-Volkswagen Polo R Cup has proved to be a good stepping stone for young drivers from the country. The four-round race weekend of JK Racing Asia Series provides an opportunity to the drivers to compete in front of the biggest names of the motorsport fraternity will decide who will be the next JK Racing Asia Series World Champion. The 16-round season saw the series making its maiden European sojourn with races at legendary circuits like Paul Ricard Circuit, Circuit de Spa Francorchamps , and the Silverstone.It will be the second time that the MRF Formula 2000 cars will take to the circuit after debuting as a support race to the Indian Grand Prix in last month. The line-up of 18 Renault-sport powered Dallara racing single-seaters will race in four races over the course of the weekend, two each on Saturday and Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17301547", "title": "Rural cops step up on helmet drive", "text": "NASHIK: With the rise in accidents across the district on national and state highways, district superintendent of police Pravin Padwal said that a special campaign would be taken up soon to ensure all bikers wear helmets while riding on highways.Padwal said that despite roads being widened at many places, the rate of road accidents had not come down. It was therefore decided to make helmets compulsory for two-wheeler riders.The rural parts of the district recorded 666 accidents last year, with 799 fatalities. This year, till October, 579 accidents occurred with 640 deaths. While the fatalities may have come down marginally, accidents are still on the rise.Citizens have complained that improved road conditions have only tempted motorists to drive more rashly.Nonetheless, rural police said that they have started taking strict action on highways against errant drivers. This year, there were 3,271 cases against errant motorists with Rs 88 lakh collected in fines. Padwal said letters have been sent to National Highways Authority of India ( NHAI) and the public works department (PWD) to put up dividers, and road signage, especially at accident prone spots. The rural traffic department said that they were slapping motorcyclists with a motorist with a fine of Rs 100 for not using helmets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17302285", "title": "Kolkata rejuvenation blueprint released in London", "text": "KOLKATA: A joint study with the UK that could be the blueprint for the rejuvenation of Kolkata's infrastructure was released in London on Monday at a business meet organised by the UK Trade and Investment and UK India Business Council.A team from the UK had visited Kolkata for the study titled 'West Bengal Urban Regeneration and Development'. UK minister of state Greg Barker, Bengal urban development minister Firhad Hakim and department secretary Debashis Sen attended the event in London on Monday.During the interaction with the press, Hakim said that the Bengal government would consider setting up a special cell to help NRIs.The financial hub at Rajarhat New Town dominated the discussions. After Sen gave a presentation on it to the delegates, Hakim discussed with Michael Bear, former Lord Mayor of London, ways to generate international interest in the financial hub.Welcoming partnership opportunities with London, Hakim said that economic development and creation of employment opportunities in urban areas were priorities for the government.Chief minister Mamata Banerjee has often said that she wants to turn Kolkata into London. Her government is already working on a Thames-like makeover for the Hooghly riverfront and a 'Kolkata Eye', on the lines of London Eye. The state government discussed the Kolkata Eye project with representatives of a UK-based organisation at Writers' Buildings earlier this year and the government is planning to implement the project on public-private-partnership basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17302122", "title": "Wheat minimum support price to be hiked in 10 days: Sharad Pawar", "text": "LUDHIANA: Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar said here on Tuesday that minimum support price (MSP) of wheat would be increased within 10 days.Talking to mediapersons on the sidelines of the inaugural function of the 'seventh national conference on Krishi Vigyan Kendras-2012' at Punjab Agricultural University, Pawar said the commission for agricultural cost and prices was not in favour of an increase in MSP but his ministry felt that the input cost for wheat has increased and thus the MSP also needed to be hiked.\"We will be taking up the issue in the Cabinet meeting which is to be held within the next 10 days and get the approval for the increase,\" said Pawar.At present, MSP for wheat is Rs 1,285 per quintal but the farmers have been demanding a raise.Appreciating the Punjab government for its positive response to the Centre's proposal for diversification of crops in the state, Pawar said the Union ministry had advised the state government to reduce wheat and rice crops cycles which had affected the fertility of the soil and the ground water level.Pawar also said that Punjab should take up production of oilseeds and pulses as oilseeds worth Rs 30,000 crore and pulses worth over Rs 10,000 crore are being imported by the country.Asked about Punjab's demand for permission of export of meat, milk products, vegetables and fruits to Pakistan through Wagah border, Pawar said he was in favour of it and that he would be discussing the issue with Punjab government at a meeting shortly.Pawar also asserted that FDI in retail was in the interest of the farmers and the consumers across the country.The fears that the FDI in multi-brand retail would badly affect interests of small shopkeepers and traders were unfounded, Pawar pointed out.President of the Bhartiya Kisan Union Balbir Singh Rajewal, who had led a delegation of farmers from Punjab and Haryana to meet Pawar on November 7 pressing for increase in wheat's MSP, said, \"The government was earlier of the view that since there are enough stocks of wheat, there was need to discourage excess wheat procurement. We had given a memorandum to the PM, FM and Pawar saying that it was no fault of the farmers that the government has failed to manage stocks and move them to other states in time.\"Rajewal said that the central government is already very late in taking a call on this and must clear the decision in its Cabinet meeting to show its genuine concern for the farmer fraternity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17300766", "title": "Probe into cop shopping during trial", "text": "MUMBAI: The Additional CP of the local arms unit on Tuesday called for an inquiry, a day after a suspended police constable in custody in a murder case went on a shopping spree in a retail store in south Mumbai.The accused, Devidas Sakpal, escorted by a constable of the unit, was seen flouting prescribed norms meant for undertrials. Reacting to the news report, Addl CP Vijay Chavan said, \"I have asked the inspector to conduct an inquiry against the constable, Santosh Bhosale. We have instructed them to refrain from indulging in such activities.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17304330", "title": "ID cards to be issued to staff on Kumbh mela duty", "text": "ALLAHABAD: To enable security on and around the Sangam campus, kumbh mela authorities have proposed to provide photo identity cards to government and non-government employees who have been assigned duties for Maha Kumbh 2013.All departments including mela administration, police, health department, jal nigam, Ganga pollution control unit, power corporation, PWD, food and civil supplies, nagar nigam and dairy development would be issuing photo identity cards to their employees with details like name, designation, department's name, whether a government or non government employee and duty period and each of the cards will have having a unique number.Every department has a nodal office to register and update full name, designation, permanent address, type of duty, posting venue, posting period and photographs of staff on duty who will be issued the card.Additional district magistrate (Kumbh) Ashutosh Kumar Dwivedi told TOI that authorities would be verifying photographs and details along with the stamp.Every employee will have to secure the identity card and carry it all the time during duty hours. If the ID card is lost or stolen, the employee must inform the officer concerned for a duplicate card.Departments have been asked to issue different colour photo identity cards as per ranks.All the gazzeted officers will bear orange identity cards while non-gazzeted or government officers of nigams and employees working on contract will carry yellow and white photo identity cards, respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17306134", "title": "Nokia Here maps come to Apple iPhone, iPad", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nokia on Tuesday released Here, the rebranded version of its mapping application, on Apple iTunes for iPhone, iPad as well as iPod touch. Available for free on iTunes, the app is compatible with devices running on iOS 4.3 or later versions.The app comes with features like driving directions, live traffic view, satellite view, public transport line view and offline view, among others. Other notable features of the maps app include step-by-step voice navigation, navigation information through pedestrian routes, parks etc.Maps in Nokia Here will include location and navigation data from approximately 200 countries. The Finnish manufacturer, whose mapping capabilities stem from its acquisition of Navteq , will also leverage on crowdsourcing in some nations, where community maps will be created and updated by users, hinting at its push towards more user engagement with its services.Users can share places and locations with friends via SMS, email and social networks. They can also categorise places of interest into 'Collections' and access the same via Here.net.The availability of Nokia Here on iTunes is a big announcement after Apple removed Google Maps as its default navigation application. Apple had introduced its own maps when it launched iPhone 5, but this app was panned worldwide due to incorrect information and poor navigation capabilities.However, customer reviews for Nokia Here have been quite negative as well.\"This app is slow to scroll in and has NO information! For example, there aren't even streets in Japan. It's basically a blank map for blind people. Try this out if you want to feel like your Apple Maps is Google's. Seriously, immediate delete!\" read one user comment on iTunes.Apple CEO Tim Cook had earlier apologised to iOS users for the Maps fiasco and asked users to downloads mapping apps developed by rivals. His letter stated: \"While we're improving Maps, you can try alternatives by downloading map apps from the App Store like Bing, MapQuest and Waze, or use Google or Nokia maps by going to their websites and creating an icon on your home screen to their web app.\"Nokia seems to have trumped Google in developing a mapping and navigation app for iOS, as the search giant is currently still in process of developing the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17301114", "title": "Footfalls away from a stampede", "text": "Police and other security agencies face a major challenge with crowd control during festivals, when lakhs of people converge on temples and other religious places. In some cases, efficient planning has curbed accidents, but tragedies like the Patna stampede - triggered by the collapse of a makeshift bridge, during Chaath puja on Monday that killed 22 people - are waiting to happen. The southern states and Maharashtra, however, appear to have figured out ways to prevent such accidents. Governments in Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala start planning the safety measures needed three months ahead of a festival. The endowments departments (the Hindu religious and charitable endowments department in TN), police and district administration work together on an action plan to minimise the chances of an accident.\"A crowd is best staggered using barricades,\" said the Tamil Nadu police chief, K Ramanujam. \"People can move ahead safely if barricades are installed at the entry and exit points and they are monitored by policemen. Managing VIPs, however, is a problem on festival days, an official said. \"In Kapaleeswarar and Parthasarathy temples, the crowds may not be as large as at Tiruvannamalai, but it is difficult to manage a large crowd because they are small temples,\" he said. There has over the past few years been a huge increase in the number of vehicles heading to shrines, bringing traffic to a halt on roads in temple towns on special days. \"In many cases, vehicles are stopped at least 3km from the temple,\" said a temple official at Tiruvannamalai, where preparations are now being made for Karthigai Deepam at the end of the month.In other southern states, authorities have used technology and innovative schemes to control crowds. The Kerala police introduced a 'Virtual Q' system in Sabarimala temple in 2011. The web-based system lets pilgrims reserve places in the queue at specific hours, allowing temple officials to put a cap on the number of devotees at the temple at any given time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17300734", "title": "Cop fined Rs 25K for not registering rape case of minor", "text": "CHENNAI: The State Human Rights Commission on Tuesday fined a women police inspector for not registering a case against a man accused of raping a minor girl in Trichy and holding a \"kangaroo court\" to settle the matter in favour of the accused.SHRC acting chairperson K Baskaran also directed the state government to pay 25,000 as compensation to the victim, within eight weeks of receiving the order, and recover the sum from inspector S Meenakshi, then attached to Thiruverumbur All-Women Police Station in Trichy district.\"The state government may also initiate departmental action against the inspector for dereliction of duty,\" Baskaran said in the order.In her complaint, R Dhanam of Koppu Post of Srirangam taluk in Trichy said her daughter had fallen in love with Sudhakar of the same village and that she (Dhanam) had chided her. Subsequently, Sudhakar enticed her daughter to a nearby grove and raped her.On November 17, 2011, he took her to Musiri in Trichy and raped her again, the complainant said. When Rukmani insisted that Sudhakar marry her, he began trying to evade her daughter as he had by then become the vice-president of the Koppu Post village panchayat, Dhanam said. A complaint was lodged with the Trichy superintendent of police who forwarded it to the All-Women Police Station in Thiruverumbur where Meenakshi was inspector on November 24, 2011.However, instead of registering a case, Meenakshi advised her daughter against marrying the accused saying it would spoil her future, Dhanam said. She then held a \"kangaroo court\" and asked the girl to wait for six months when she would attain 18 years of age so that she (Meenakshi) could arrange a marriage between them.The inspector also said she could ask Sudhakar to pay the girl 2 lakh as compensation, the complaint said. When the girl insisted that the inspector register a case, Meenakshi told her that the accused was an influential person and hence the case could not be registered against him. \"The respondent, women police inspector, had committed violation of human rights against the rape victim by not filing a case against the accused,\" said Baskaran.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17305276", "title": "Ashley Judd turns director", "text": "Actress Ashley Judd is making her directorial debut with a short TV movie.The 44-year-old, a prominent campaigner for women's rights, is making a movie for the US network Lifetime's ongoing series of short films.Judd's film \"Maggie\" focuses on problems faced by women in the US military, and she shared information about the film and the issue discussed in it through her tweet , reports contactmusic.com.\"My short film is about PTSD (Post-traumatic stress disorder) resulting from military sexual trauma (MST). One-third of all US servicewomen are raped by fellow American soldiers. There are roughly 52 sexual assaults per day in our military. And yet, the DOD (Department of Defense) says assault is under-reported by 86 percent (sic),\" she tweeted.Brittany Snow and Jennifer Hudson star in the film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17302933", "title": "Security firms without licence to face action", "text": "BANGALORE: Only 45% of the 1,500 security agencies operating in Karnataka have obtained licences and the licences of 25 security agencies have been cancelled for their criminal antecedent, said Bhaskar Rao, IGP-controlling authority, internal security, Karnataka.The business of security is fraught with insecurities in Karnataka. With more than half of the agencies operating without valid licences in the state, erring firms have been warned of strict action, including imprisonment or hefty penalty or both.Warning the defaulters, Bhaskar Rao, IGP-controlling authority, internal security, Karnataka, has said those who failed to obtain licences within the deadline of October 31, 2012, will face punitive action soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17303206", "title": "Noise limit crossed at 15 areas in Pune during Diwali", "text": "PUNE: Fifteen areas in the city recorded higher than permissible noise levels during the Diwali festival, the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB) has said. Ahmednagar Road recorded the highest noise level of 97.7 decibel between 8 pm and 9pm on November 13, followed by Shivajinagar and Karve Road at 96 db between 9 pm and 10 pm.The permissible noise limit in residential areas is 55 dB before 10 pm and 45 dB after 10 pm.All 15 locations are residential areas - Shivajinagar, Karve Road, Aundh, Satara Road, Kondhwa, Yerawada, Khadki, Kothrud, Ahmednagar Road, Laxmi Road, M G Road, Deccan, Parvati, Hadapsar and Koregaon Park.In areas like Aundh, Kondhwa, Khadki, Deccan, M G Road, Hadapsar, Ahmednagar Road, Kothrud, Satara Road and Parvati, the noise levels crossed 80 dB between 8 pm and 9 pm on November 13. During the same period, the decibel level was 90.8 dB in Shivajinagar, 94.2 dB at Karve Road and 91.4 dB in Aundh.MPCB regional officer Anil D Mohekar said, \"The main reason for the high noise levels was bursting of firecrackers. Next year, we plan to control the sale of sound-emitting firecrackers that cross the permissible limit,\" he said.On November 13, the noise levels recorded between 10 pm and 11 pm was 95.4 dB in Shivajinagar, 90.4 dB on Karve Road, 83.2 dB on Satara Road, 86.7 dB in Khadki, 89.6 in Kothrud, 81.5 on Laxmi Road, 85.9 on M G Road and 85.6 dB at Parvati.On November 14, the noise levels crossed 90 dB in Shivajinagar, Kothrud and Aundh. The highest noise levels were recorded in Shivajinagar - 92.7 dB between 8 pm and 9 pm, 95.4 dB between 9 pm and 10 pm and 96.4 dB between 10 pm and 11 pm.The other noise levels beyond 80 dB were recorded between 7 pm and 8 pm in Kothrud (90 dB), Aundh (93.1 dB), M G Road (89.1 dB), Deccan (80.8 dB), Ahmednagar Road (81.4 dB) and Satara Road (81 dB). Between 9 pm and 10 pm, Kothrud recorded 90.8 dB.PERMISSIBLE SOUND LIMITSResidential areas: 55 dB before 10 pm, 45 dB after 10 pmCommercial areas: 65 dB before 10 pm, 55 dB after 10 pmSilent zone: 50 dB before 10 pm, 40 dB after 10 pm.NOISE LEVELS ON NOV 13Area Noise level (decibel) Noise level (decibel)from 8 pm to 9 pm from 10 pm to 11 pmShivajinagar 90.8 95.4Karve Road 94.2 90.4Aundh 91.4 78.7Satara Road 89.2 83.2Khadki 80.0 86.7Kothrud 87.6 89.6Ahmednagar Road 97.7 72.6MG Road 85.4 85.9Parvati 85.1 85.6Hadapsar 86.4 74.1Deccan 80.4 72.0Kondhwa 80.3 79.2IMPACT ON HEALTH* The MPCB's report says sound higher than the prescribed levels can affect both health and behaviour. Unwanted sound (noise) can damage physiological and psychological health.* According to consultant audiologist Kalyani Mandke, people can develop hearing loss early in their life if exposed to loud noises. It can also cause tinnitus (constant ringing in the ear). In the early stages, tinnitus can be temporary, but over-exposure to loud high-frequency sound will lead to permanent tinnitus. Once tinnitus is developed, it leads to insomnia, irritability, and a difficulty to focus on tasks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "idukki, kerala", "code": "17306117", "title": "Hate speech: CPM leader Mani arrested", "text": "IDUKKI, KERALA: In an embarrassment to CPI(M) in Kerala, senior leader M M Mani was on Wednesday arrested and remanded to judicial custody for refusing to turn up for a polygraph test in connection with a political murder case, re-opened in the wake of a controversial speech made by him.Mani, who had triggered controversy by stating that his party had in the past eliminated some foes in Idukki district, was picked up from his house at Kunhithanni near here in the wee hours and was remanded to judicial custody by the Judicial Magistrate at Nedumkandan after medical examination at the police station.The CPI(M) reacted to the arrest by calling for protests, including a dawn-to-dusk hartal tomorrow in the high range Idukki district, where Mani led the party as district secretary for over two decades.State home minister Thiruvanchur Radhakrishnan, however, said there nothing abnormal about the arrest as it was done following due procedures. Police registered a criminal case against Mani and two other party activists by re-opening the murder of an INTUC activist in Idukki district 30 years ago in the light of Mani's speech.The special investigation team probing the case against Mani had last week served a notice to him, seeking to know whether he was willing to appear for the polygraph test by today.Mani declined to comply with the police demand, arguing that he was a chronic asthma patient and that the test was not a legally maintainable procedure in criminal investigations.While addressing a public meeting at Manakkad near Thodupuzha in the district a few months ago, Mani said his party in the 1980s drew up a list of political rivals to be eliminated and executed that.Ironically, Mani's 'revelation' came at a time when the party was on the defensive following the brutal murder of CPI-M rebel leader T P Chandrasekharan at Onjiyam in Vatakara. Several local CPI(M) activists were arrested and made accused in the Chandrasekharan murder case.But the central and state leadership of the party had repeatedly asserted that physical elimination of rivals has never been its policy.His speech had been roundly condemned by various political parties and forced the CPI(M) to remove him from the powerful post of district secretary and suspend him from the state committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "dharmapuri", "code": "17303235", "title": "Under police cover in Sellankottai, Nagarajan's wife &amp; son grieve over the violence", "text": "DHARMAPURI: A fortnight after the suicide of R Nagarajan (49), allegedly over the shame caused by his daughter's marriage to a dalit boy, his wife and son are struggling to come to terms with their loss. With men fleeing the village or going into hiding fearing arrest, Nagarajan's wife N Thenmozhy and her teenaged son Manisekar performed the last rites. Except for the police personnel, they live in isolation at their house at Sellankottai.Male members of most families in this vannaiyar-dominated village are in hiding, fearing arrest. A mob that set out from the village had torched more than 268 dalit houses in three nearby dalit hamlets. \"I am yet to recover from the incidents that have shattered the foundation of my family. I never anticipated that my husband's suicide would trigger such large-scale caste violence which has left many people homeless. The suicide itself was very unexpected. Things just went out of control after he was declared as dead. I was unaware of the protest that took place in the dalit villages, where my husband's body was paraded. Only at night I was informed about the violence,\" said Thenmozhy.Due to the violence, Thenmozhy said her son Manisekar was the only male available in the village to perform final rites. About a dozen women attended the funeral, she said. She is ridden with guilt over the incidents that followed her husband's suicide. \"I feel very guilty when I see the women of the village. Their men have fled and they are left alone. I avoid talking to them because of this,\" she added.\"Although I am happy to have my son, we were very fond of our daughter Divya. We gave her enough freedom and bought her anything she asked for. When we first learned that she was going to marry a dalit boy we did our best to talk her out of it but in vain. Even on the wedding day, we tried to bring her back home. Along with five women, I had gone to the boy's house. My husband also followed us but I was unaware of it at that time,\" said Thenmozhi. They pleaded with Divya to return home with them but she refused to give in. Thenmozhi said that when her husband witnessed how adamant their daughter was, he became more depressed. On returning home, he committed suicide.\"Due to fear of arrest, no male was available to receive my husband's body from the government hospital. Finally, I went to receive the body with my son. According to Hindu religion, only men can perform the final rituals. But our fate was different. My son and I were left to make all the funeral arrangements and perform final rituals alone,\" said Thenmozhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17301416", "title": "Bus drivers defy orders, use flyover", "text": "NASHIK: Even as commuters wait near the Rane Nagar stop for inter-city state transport buses, long distance bus drivers however drive on the flyovers instead of using the service road, without the knowledge of senior officials even as the city bus drivers stick to using service road routes.Since the inter-city buses have to take the service roads, the drivers of long-route buses simply jump to flyovers citing 'diversion' boards put up due to widening work on the highway passing through the city, as a reason for the move. This has been posing an inconvenience to commuters who have to walk 300 meters to take the bus.The bridge near Rane Nagar has been completed and the service road was blocked for not more than five days. But that has seemed to become an excuse for drivers to take the flyover despite no specific orders to do so.Corporator Archana Sanjay Jadhav said that she had spoken with the MSRTC divisional controller who had assured of action being taken. \"But the situation hasn't changed much,\" Jadhav said.\"No orders over changing the route were given to the bus drivers. If there is a diversion, the drivers have to take the prescribed road. But if there are other vehicles taking the route, the inter-city buses also have to ply the same route,\" traffic officer K M Mahajan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "17301693", "title": "Man dies at work in Ponda", "text": "PONDA: Narendra Chari, 32, of Usgao-Tiska in Ponda died after an acute illness while working on the terrace of a building at Jaycee Nagar-Ponda on Tuesday afternoon.Ponda police said Chari, a native of Sancorda, was a steel fabricator and was installing a fabricated shed of iron on the terrace when he collapsed with giddiness and acute pain in his chest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17302133", "title": "Queen Elizabeth II completes 65 years of wedlock", "text": "Queen Elizabeth II and her husband Prince Philip on Tuesday celebrated their 65th wedding anniversary, a landmark which no other British monarch has achieved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17302106", "title": "3-year-old girl dies in fire mishap", "text": "HYDERABAD: A three-year-old girl died while her sister suffered extensive burns after an afternoon fire on Tuesday that gutted at least 117 shanties near Rajendranagar, police said.The girl identified as Pooja, daughter of a construction worker from Orissa, was taken to hospital but was pronounced dead, while Rinky, her five-year-old sister, is battling for life with 70% burns.Police said the children were sleeping in one of the shanties when the fire broke out. The fire gutted 117 of the 150 shanties at Sun City P&T; Colony's construction site. The incident occurred around 2 pm on Tuesday when most of the 300 construction workers, residing in the area, were at the work site. While the fire is believed to have been caused by a short circuit, Prabhakar Swami, district fire officer, Rangareddy, said overload on the electrical line could have been the main reason.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17301423", "title": "India records 25% dip in new HIV infections", "text": "NEW DELHI: First the good news: globally there were more than half a million fewer AIDS-related deaths in 2011 than in 2005, with India reporting a 25% dip in the rate of new HIV infections between 2001 and 2011.But even then last year alone, 1.7 million people died from AIDS-related causes worldwide. Globally, 2.5 million people became newly infected with HIV in 2011.Half of all reductions in new HIV infections in the last two years have been among newborn children showing that elimination of new infections in children is possible.In 2011, there were 34 million people living with HIV. In South and south-east Asia, an estimated 4 million people were living with HIV in 2011, compared to 3.7 million in 2001.The same year, new infections in children were 43% lower than in 2003, and 24% lower than 2009. However, 72% of children living with HIV do not have any access to treatment.An estimated 6.8 million people are eligible for treatment, but don't have access.These are the findings of the Global AIDS Epidemic 2012 report released by UNAIDS on Tuesday. The number of people accessing HIV treatment has increased by 63% between 2009 and 2011.In India, however, around 60% people requiring treatment are getting it. \"The pace of progress is quickening \u00e2\u20ac\u201d what used to take a decade is now being achieved in 24 months,\" said Michel Sidibe, executive director of UNAIDS. \"We are scaling up faster and smarter than ever before. It is the proof that with political will and follow through we can reach our shared goals by 2015,\" he said.Gains have been made in reducing tuberculosis (TB)-related AIDS deaths in people living with HIV. In the last 24 months, a 13% decrease in TB-related AIDS deaths was observed. This accomplishment is due to record number of people with HIV/TB co-infection accessing antiretroviral treatment, which is recorded at 45%.UNAIDS also estimates that an additional 4 million discordant couples (where one partner is living with HIV) would benefit from HIV treatment to protect their partners from HIV infection.Of the 34 million people living with HIV, about half do not know their HIV status. The report states that if more people knew their status, they could come forward for HIV services.For example, South Africa increased its scale up of HIV treatment by 75% in the last two years\u00e2\u20ac\u201densuring 1.7 million people had access to the lifesaving treatment\u00e2\u20ac\u201dand new HIV infections have fallen by more than 50,000 in only two years.The report shows that a more than 50% reduction in the rate of new HIV infections has been achieved across 25 low and middle-income countries -- more than half in Africa, the region most affected by HIV.In some of the countries which have the highest HIV prevalence in the world, rates of new HIV infections have been cut dramatically since 2001 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d by 73% in Malawi, Botswana (71%), Namibia (68%), Zambia (58%), Zimbabwe (50%), South Africa and Swaziland (41%).In addition to welcome results in HIV prevention, sub-Saharan Africa has reduced AIDS-related deaths by one-third in the last six years and increased the number of people on antiretroviral treatment by 59% in the last two years alone.The area where perhaps most progress is being made is in reducing new HIV infections in children. Half of the global reductions in new HIV infections in the last two years have been among newborn children. \"It is becoming evident that achieving zero new HIV infections in children is possible,\" said Sidibe. \"I am excited that far fewer babies are being born with HIV. We are moving from despair to hope,\" he added.The report shows that antiretroviral therapy has emerged as a powerful force for saving lives. In the last 24 months the numbers of people accessing treatment has increased by 63% globally. In sub-Saharan Africa, a record 2.3 million people had access to treatment. China has increased the number of people on HIV treatment by nearly 50% in the last year alone. There were more than half a million fewer deaths in 2011 than in 2005. The largest drops in AIDS-related deaths are being seen in countries where HIV has the strongest grip. South Africa saw (100,000) fewer deaths, Zimbabwe (nearly 90,000), Kenya (71,000) and Ethiopia (48,000) than in 2005.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17302850", "title": "Now act against hoodlums and cops, compensate girls", "text": "TIMES VIEWThe police and the government should hang their heads in shame for traumatising two girls for an innocuous comment, and for failing to take immediate action against the hoodlums who ransacked a hospital and manhandled patients because they didn't like the comment. The police, with great alacrity, arbitrarily applied one section of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and one section of the IT Act to take the girls into custody. The IPC section was then withdrawn and another was applied. The police showed nowhere near that same enthusiasm to bring the hoodlums to book -- it took public outrage and media coverage for them to finally take action.Unless it wants to condone statesponsored harassment and let criminals decide what is acceptable and what isn't , the government must: 1) Prosecute the men who ransacked the hospital to the fullest extent of the law. Too often, such anti-socials are picked up only to be released on bail in no time at all. Nothing happens to them after that. These people must be made to do at least a year's jail time as well as pay for the damage done to the hospital (we aren't even discussing loss of revenue). There are enough provisions in the law under which exemplary action can be taken -- if the government wants to. 2) The girls who were made to pay Rs 15,000 each as surety must be compensated for the mental agony they were subjected to. It's difficult to place a monetary figure on the trauma they and their families went through, but we would suggest Rs 5 lakh each. 3) Finally, the policemen who took such wrongful action against the girls must be made liable.At the very least, they should be suspended and their pay docked for a few months. Upholders of the law cannot be allowed to hide behind the uniform while they harass innocent, law-abiding citizens with impunity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17302625", "title": "Facebook post on Thackeray: Act against goons, cops and compensate girls", "text": "The police and the government should hang their heads in shame for traumatising two girls for an innocuous comment, and for failing to take immediate action against the hoodlums who ransacked a hospital and manhandled patients because they didn't like the comment.The police, with great alacrity, arbitrarily applied one section of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and one section of the IT Act to take the girls into custody. The IPC section was then withdrawn and another was applied. The police showed nowhere near that same enthusiasm to bring the hoodlums to book -- it took public outrage and media coverage for them to finally take action.Unless it wants to condone state-sponsored harassment and let criminals decide what is acceptable and what isn't, the government must:1) Prosecute the men who ransacked the hospital to the fullest extent of the law. Too often, such anti-socials are picked up only to be released on bail in no time at all. Nothing happens to them after that. These people must be made to do at least a year's jail time as well as pay for the damage done to the hospital (we aren't even discussing loss of revenue). There are enough provisions in the law under which exemplary action can be taken -- if the government wants to.2) The girls who were made to pay Rs 15,000 each as surety must be compensated for the mental agony they were subjected to. It's difficult to place a monetary figure on the trauma they and their families went through, but we would suggest Rs 5 lakh each.3) Finally, the policemen who took such wrongful action against the girls must be made liable. At the very least, they should be suspended and their pay docked for a few months. Upholders of the law cannot be allowed to hide behind the uniform while they harass innocent, law-abiding citizens with impunity.Related article:  Post-outrage: Maharashtra CM under pressure to sack cops", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17300671", "title": "India ranks 131st in press freedom index; Internet 'partly free'", "text": "WASHINGTON: Just in case you did not know, India ranks 131st \u00e2\u20ac\u201d between Burundi and Angola \u00e2\u20ac\u201d in the 2012 press freedom index of Reporters without Borders . Freedom House puts India in the \"party free\" category in the 2012 Internet freedom rankings, below Argentina, South Africa, and Ukraine . So much for the world's largest democracy.India's bragging rights about being one of the world's thriving civil societies with strong free speech statutes, already under a cloud, is facing searching questions following several episodes aimed at curbing freedom of expression. Two young women thrown in the clink for questioning the over-the-top response to Bal Thackeray's death is the latest incident to attract attention of free speech advocates, civil liberties activists, and the world media.Both Thackeray's death and the aftermath, including massive crowds at the funeral and arrests of the young women received wide coverage in US by a media hard-pressed to understand the granular details of Mumbai's parochial and chauvinistic politics. \"A demagogue freezes Mumbai for the last time,\" was the headline of a Bloomberg report while the Chicago Sun-Times described Thackerey as a \"Hindu extremist leader linked to waves of mob violence against Muslims and migrant workers in India.\"But the freedom of expression issue went beyond Thackeray's death and the Facebook episode that resulted in police bearing down on two young women who have been bullied into silence for questioning the enforced mourning. Free speech mavens recalled several incidents in recent times, including Congress party shenanigans to muzzle social media, to muse about the decline of civil liberties in India.The RWB report, for instance, says there is an increasing trend in India of web monitoring and censorship by authorities. According to the Google Transparency website, which logs the Internet content removal requests that Google receives from governments, Indian officials have asked Google multiple times (67 to be exact, between July and December 2010) to remove 282 content items (namely videos critical of politicians) from YouTube and several blogs. Google allegedly complied with 22% of the requests, says RWB.A Freedom House 2012 study of 47 countries on the subject of Internet freedom ranks India in the \"partly free\" category, a rank below fully free countries such as USA, Brazil, Argentina, South Africa and Australia. In its study of key internet controls, the report cites India for blocking Web 2.0, localized or nationwide ICT shutdown, passing new laws increasing censorship, and arrests of bloggers for political and social commentary.\"Ever since the 2008 Bombay attacks, the authorities have been intensifying their Internet surveillance and pressure on technical service providers while publicly denying censorship accusations. The national security policy of the world's largest democracy is undermining online freedom of expression and Internet users' privacy,\" the RWB report noted.Some of the ranking makes little sense. In the RWB report on press freedom, for instance, Jamaica, Namibia, and Mali are ranked in the top 25, and Papua New Guinea, Ghana, and Botswana are in top 50; the US came in only 47th and India 131st, down from 122nd in 2010 and 105th in 2009.So do the media in Mali and Papua New Guinea have greater freedom than in US and India? Not really. The RWB index is based on a complex questionnaire that asks about every kind of violation directly affecting journalists and netizens (including murders, imprisonment, physical attacks and threats) and news media (censorship, confiscation of newspaper issues, searches and harassment). It also measures the level of self-censorship in each country and the ability of the media to investigate and criticize. Financial pressure is also assessed and incorporated into the final score.The questionnaire also takes account of the legal framework for the media (including penalties for press offences, the existence of a state monopoly for certain kinds of media and how the media are regulated) and the level of independence of the public media. It also reflects violations of the free flow of information on the Internet. The index, says RWB, should in no way be taken as an indication of the quality of the media in the countries concerned.Still, the numbers do not look good for India. And the recent incidents don't augur well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17302739", "title": "Babes in the wood: Cops in fix over abandoned siblings", "text": "NAGPUR: \"Where is my sister? Bring her here now,\" said Kishan, just three-year-old, to a staff of Shraddhanand Anathalaya near Matey Chowk on Tuesday showing an amazing concern for his younger sibling Golu who is recuperating at Government medical college and hospital.Kishan and her elder sister Durga Kiran, also about five-year-old, are currently sheltered at the orphanage after police brought them there a couple of days before. The three siblings were abandoned at Rana Pratap Nagar police station by a Good Samaritan but he fled before completing the formalities leaving the cops in a dilemma.Police think siblings' parents might be natives of Madhya Pradesh or Chhattisgarh as their broken Hindi with north Indian accent indicated. The three children, who could not furnish much information apart from their first names have now become an enigma for both the cops and the orphanage officials. \"Ma bhaag gayi, baap mar gaya,\" (Mother fled, father has passed away) was what Durga said when asked about parents. The frail-looking girl could not even furnish the time she spent along with other siblings with someone whom they referred to as 'kaka' or uncle after their widow mother deserted them.An official of the orphanage said the children have been made comfortable but it would be long before they could befriended for extracting more fruitful information about parents or their native place which may help them to reunite with family.A woman officer from Rana Pratap Nagar police station said a man had walked in with the siblings stating they needed help. The police were about to record the statement of the man but he slipped away on the pretext of visiting a pan-kiosk. Police tried to trace him out but failed.\"All we could know about these siblings is that they lived near Model Mills at Ganeshpeth with their parents. The siblings were being looked after by a neighbour after they lost their father and mother fled with someone else. The neighbour too worked at construction sites like the siblings' father,\" said the woman officer. \"The man was looking after the siblings but he has a family of his own too. He was going to his native place. It is likely the man thought about security of the children and brought them to police station,\" she said.The cops shifted the siblings to the orphanage. The failing health of the youngest one necessitated her hospitalization.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17303013", "title": "Metro pillar near railway station demolished", "text": "JAIPUR: To ensure safety standards of the Metro, the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) on Tuesday demolished pillar number 145, near Jaipur railway station, after the material used in its construction was found not up to the mark.According to DMRC officials, the decision was taken to maintain the durability and strength of the pillars. The consistency of the concrete was found to be inappropriate in the particular pillar.Project director Lalit Meghnani said \"The acceptance of concrete was found to be less during the testing. Also, it was deformed. To avoid a mishap in future it was pulled down.\"An official explained, prima facie it appears that the quality deteriorated due to delay in pouring transit mixture in the pillar structure. \"The transit mixture is prepared in the casting yards. To maintain the quality, the mixture should be poured within a time gap of one to three hours. This could have occurred due to delay in the setting time,\" the official said.The track along the 9.5km stretch from Mansarovar to Chandpole will be supported by 370 pillars. The demolished pillar was constructed between Ajmer Puliya and the railway station. \"The other five pillars in the area will also undergo a quality check\" said an official.Meanwhile, the decision on provision of compensating the contractors for the increased prices of construction material is pending. The delay in the decision has hit the pace of the project. Sources claimed the work is being carried out at a slow place at the stretch between the station and Simdhi Camp bus station.With the rise in prices of steel and cement, the input cost of construction for the project has escalated. Contractors are now looking at it as a loss-making effort and have started showing less interest in the project.To maintain the momentum of the project, the state government had assured the contractors of required monetary assistance and constituted a committee to assess the issue. The government is yet to act on the panel's recommendations.Meghnani however said, \"We are trying to complete the work from one end. The work from Mansarovar to Ajmer Puliya is done at war footing. The corporation is first concentrating on completing work between Ram Nagar and Shyam Nagar stations as there was delay in land transfer.\"\"There is full support from the state government and we are hopeful this matter will also be resolved soon,\" he added.CISF, Jaipur police to secure Metro stationsWith the completion date of the Jaipur metro project inching closer, the authorities discussed various related issues, including the security agency at stations, at a recent meeting.Jaipur Metro Rail Corporation (JMRC) chairman and managing director N C Goyal said, \"We have zeroed in on Central Industrial Security Forces (CISF) and Jaipur police for security at the Metro station.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17301166", "title": "Dad of baby stolen from Wadia hosp threatens hunger strike", "text": "MUMBAI: Father of the baby, stolen from Wadia Hospital less than a month back, has threatened to go on a hunger strike if the child is not found in a month's time.On October 24, Jasmine (28) and Devdas Naik's one-day old baby was stolen from the hospital. The Naiks have announced Rs 5 lakh for whoever helps them get their son.In a letter to the CM and other officials, the Naiks have blamed the inefficiency of authorities in finding their son. \"Devdas will fast until death,\" said Abhishek Mapankar, Jasmine's brother. Social worker Mahesh Vengulekar, \"We have given a month's notice. We will begin fast from December 20.\"The family said the hospital was asking them to take a discharge. The hospital, however, said they have only asked the Naiks to shift to a private room.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17300585", "title": "4 killed, 17 hurt in Virar cylinder explosion", "text": "MUMBAI: Four persons died and 17 sustained injuries when an LPG cylinder exploded on Tuesday in a godown at Vardhaman Steel, located in Ekvira building in Virar (W).The incident took place around 8.30pm when LPG was being illegally transferred from commercial use cylinders into smaller cylinders used for welding purpose. The boundary wall of a shop located near the godown was damaged, the Virar police said. The deceased have been identified as Manjunath, Govind and Manju while one of them is yet to be identified.The injured, mostly passersby, are being treated at Sanjeevani hospital in Virar. The police have registered a case of accidental death and are probe further. The gas cylinders have been seized and the godown has been sealed.The incident spread panic as the noise of the explosion was heard up to a distance.Locals said that illegal transfer of commercial LPG into smaller cylinders was going on in the godown for several years. Police are ascertaining whether the godown owner is involved in the transfer. The fire brigade and civic officials visited the site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17302530", "title": "Harassment in LPG muddle", "text": "KOLKATA: Nearly two months after LPG subscribers were asked to submit know-your-customer (KYC) forms or risk getting their connection suspended, there's utter confusion and lack of clarity over an issue that concerns nearly every kitchen.With just 10 days to the deadline, customers are still not clear on whether they need to submit KYC forms or what supporting documents they need.The three oil majors have varying guidelines and distributors complain of lack of clarity at the company level. To further complicate matters at the 11th Hour, distributors have received a new list of several thousand customers whose gas connection will get blocked if they do not submit their documents by November 30.\"Of the 22,000 customers with India Trading Gas Co and Jay Kay Gas Co, we had received a list of 1,000 who needed to submit KYC forms. Three days ago, we received a fresh mail from the company with 2,100 names. We have to now check if all the names are new. It will take three more days to courier letters to the addresses, leaving just five working days to complete the formalities. It is a near-impossible task,\" said an official who represents both HP Gas distributors at the location opposite Khanna Cinema.The confusion has allowed many LPG distributors the opportunity to harass and fleece customers. At these twin agencies, TOI saw the staff speaking rudely with customers and demanding particulars far in excess of what is stipulated by either the petroleum ministry or HPCL.\"This is my second visit. But despite waiting hours in queue, I don't know what to do. The staff bark at customers and treat them as though we have committed a crime by being on the list. There is just one person to deal with gas booking, KYC form submission, queries and transfer requests,\" said customer Kunal Saha of Jatin Mohan Avenue. He has a double cylinder against a single connection and does not have to fill up a KYC form now. But no one has bothered to tell him that.TOI received several complaints that agencies were forcing customers seeking name or address transfer to buy tea, apron, pipe and other accessories. \"It's a racket. The staff bluntly told me they will not process the transfer form unless I paid Rs 386 for a packet of tea and a pipe,\" a customer said.At another HP distributor, Paul Enterprise located near Hedua, customers complained the agency has been demanding different sets of documents.\"When I came the first time a month ago, I was asked to get an address and photo identity proof. The next time, they demanded the ration card and bank account number. When I pointed out it was not mandatory in the form, the person at the counter said I could go to hell,\" fumed Chapal Mondal of Mahendra Goswami Lane, who wants to transfer the gas from his late father's name to his own.Lipi Chakraborty has made five trips to the agency to surrender one of the two connections at her Hedua residence but in vain. \"I don't know why they cannot paste a poster with the requirements instead of making everyone stand in a queue and then provide wrong information,\" she said. Customers at the agency had to purchase the KYC forms from an adjoining photocopy store.A staff at the agency said everyone was to blame for the problem: HPCL for failing to give clear guidelines and revising the requirement from time to time, dealers for trying to shrug off responsibility in the wake of pressure from customers and the company, and customers for not paying attention to what is needed and what is not.\"As of now, only customers who have been contacted need to submit KYC forms, apart from those who want to revive a blocked connection, get name or address changed or apply for a new connection. Oil companies should have advertised the requirements clearly in the newspaper,\" he said, adding that HPCL had made submission of ration card photocopy and bank details mandatory from November 1 despite an HPCL official insisting that it was still optional.At Nilagni, an Indane distributor off APC Road, and Home Aids, a Bharat Gas distributor, problems were relatively less. But while HP Gas and Bharat Gas are issuing new connections, Indane has put a freeze on new connections from September 26. \"There's too much work at hand. The distributors need to first sort out the multiple connection issue before accepting fresh connections,\" said an IOC official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17301198", "title": "Three Mumbai areas will appreciate most in 5 years: Report", "text": "MUMBAI: Ulwe in Navi Mumbai, Wadala and Chembur are expected to generate the highest returns for residential real estate investors over the next five years, a report by property firm Knight Frank has revealed.In fact, seven of the top 9 spots on the list of 13 areas are occupied by localities in Mumbai and Pune. While rates in Ulwe are expected to rise 145% in five years, in Wadala and Chembur, the hike is likely to be 133% and 125%, respectively.The report seeks to identify areas that will develop because of factors such as job creation, infrastructure development and lifestyle change. \"We identified 100 cities using banking penetration, hotel room demand, and air passenger traffic as surrogates for business activities. For infrastructure development, the current and proposed investment in infrastructure were taken as proxies,\" said Samantak Das, director, Kinght Frank.Based on the study, Mumbai, Delhi, Bangalore, Chennai and Pune emerged as the top five cities within which the firm decided to identify investment opportunities.\"This is why we have not listed out cities like Hyderabad which fall outside the top five,\" Das said.From the five cities, Knight Frank has listed 13 zones which are expected to appreciate by over 90% in the next five years. Of the 13, the top three areas are in Mumbai. They are followed by Noida Extension and Dwarka Expressway in the National Capital Region (NCR), Medavakkam in Chennai and Hinjewadi in Pune.The cheapest areas identified by the study are Noida Extension in NCR and K R Puram in Bangalore, where prices range around Rs 3,200 to Rs 3,245/square foot. At the other end are Wadala and Chembur, where market prices reign in the region of Rs 12,000 to Rs 15,000/sq ft.In terms of infrastructure, Ulwe is expected to gain because of new projects, which include suburban rail connectivity, the trans-harbour creek bridge and the proposed Navi Mumbai airport. Although there has been a spate of title disputes in Ulwe in the past, lenders say Cidco has become more discerning and there are now projects with clear title where big names such as HDFC are willing to lend. Wadala prices are expected to rise as the area gets re-rated following lifestyle changes that are taking place as very large projects come up. \"Link road in Malad has already witnessed a lifestyle shift which has resulted in prices there rising faster. Wadala, too, is undergoing a lifestyle shift,\" Das said. Chembur is expected to benefit from the completion of the Santa Cruz-Chembur link road, the Eastern Express Freeway and the monorail.According to Das, the Planning Commission's projection of a housing shortage of 26 million units does not reflect the demand for housing but the need. Employment generation will translate that need into demand by increasing affordability, he said, adding, \"Our research is targeted at the end-user and not those who are looking at property for self occupation. We have projected the appreciation net of transaction costs but have not taken into account either the rental income or expenses for maintaining the property. In any case, the rental income will only be around 2%.\"The report has generated the forecast using a benchmark location in the same region which has saturated in terms of real estate growth and infrastructure development, and is considered the most sought after residential market within the zone. \"In the case of Navi Mumbai, the IT and IT-enabled services industry will drive employment generation, while in Wadala we expect it to be jobs in banking, finance and insurance that will generate housing demand,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17318435", "title": "Recruiting new doctors: Govt faces uphill task", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The government bid to appoint 2,000 doctors to immediately fill the vacancies in the health service is going to be a futile exercise as past experiences prove that only 25% of the PSC candidates join government service. Experts said the health service has become so unattractive that top MBBS graduates are not keen on government service.\"It is a fact that we don't have doctors. If you join the health service, you will have to work in rural areas. There is no social commitment among freshers,\" said PSC chairman K S Radhakrishnan.Now, PSC has decided to relax norms so that placement can happen without delays. Doctors will not have to appear for a written test but will have to appear before the one-man interview board. \"After the notification is issued within 14 days the candidates will be called for the interview,\" said the PSC chairman.\"Most MBBS graduates used to join the health service to get the service quota for PG courses. However this too has been lost since the service quota has been abolished. Hence there is no longer any attraction for the fresh graduates in the health service,\" said Dr O Vasudevan, state president of Kerala Government Medical Officers Association (KGMOA).\"PSC has a list of over 1,000 doctors. But 60% of them got their degrees from different colleges in China, Russia and Nepal. Their appointment would certainly affect the quality of treatment as they are not well trained,\" said Dr Vasudevan.\"Doctors in the specialty and general cadres have the same salary scale. Hence specialists are not attracted to the health service. In medical education service, they get double the salary offered by the health service,\" said PSC member Dr M K Jeevan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17302775", "title": "Corporation to set up truck terminal", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The corporation authorities have initiated steps to set up advanced truck terminal in its limit. The civic body has appointed the ICICI Kinfra as the consultancy for the project. A team from the consultancy will visit the Kozhikode next week to hold discussion with the authorities and to study the feasibility of the project.\"The proposal is in the initial stage and a decision regarding this will be taken after holding discussion with the corporation authorities,\" said Sharath Chandran, MD of ICICI Kinfra.Construction of parking space had been one of the long-pending demands of the truck drivers and owners in the city. In November 2011, a joint action committee of the truck drivers and owners had staged a token strike against the civic body's lukewarm response in setting up a parking lot for trucks.The corporation is planning to construct two truck terminal similar to the one at Kalamassery in Ernakulam on Public-Private Participation (PPP) model. The project envisages providing spacious parking facilities for trucks from the various parts of the state and neighbouring states. The proposed multi-crore advanced truck terminal will have facilities such as stacking yard, weighbridge, restrooms, toilet blocks, restaurants, workshop and transshipment centre.The lone truck stand in the city is at Cherooty Road. The stand, set up in 1968, has the capacity to accommodate only 28 vehicles at a time. Absence of parking space has forced the truck owners to park the trucks at Beach Road, Court Road, Valiyangadi, near Garudankulam and Cherooty Road. The civic body has been collecting parking fee from trucks parked in these areas.\"We have received expression of interest from private parties. The ICICI Kinfra is considering the proposal,\" said A M Jayan, corporation executive engineer. \"The proposed truck terminal is expected to resolve the existing shortage of parking space,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17301217", "title": "Cabinet to discuss amendment to Indo-Bangla boundary pact", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Constitutional Amendment Bill for implementing the India-Bangladesh boundary agreement signed last year is expected to come up before the Union Cabinet on Thursday. The additional protocols for the Land Boundary Agreement 1974, signed during PM Manmohan Singh's visit to Dhaka in September, 2011, require a Constitutional amendment for ratification as these involve exchange of land \u00e2\u20ac\u201d 111 Indian enclaves in Bangladesh and 51 Bangladeshi enclaves on Indian soil.Bangladesh has already ratified the pact. It has taken more than a year for the government to move for the amendment despite repeated reminders from Dhaka. While Indian enclaves in Bangladesh are spread over 17,149 acres, Bangladesh enclaves in India are located in 7,110 acres.The Bill is expected to be introduced in Parliament in the upcoming winter session after clearance from the Cabinet. With no development yet over the Teesta water-sharing issue, the government will hope that the introduction of the Bill in Parliament will help soothe Dhaka's frayed tempers.With complete unanimity in Bangladesh about the need for the agreement, which has great strategic significance for India too, the government has been touting it as a major foreign policy achievement. However, it needs to take the BJP into confidence to ensure the amendment is passed by two-thirds of members \"present and voting\". The government has been assuring Bangladesh all this while that is working to create a political consensus in the country over the agreement. While West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee had initially given her consent for the pact, she is later said to have again expressed reservations putting the government on the back foot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "17301655", "title": "Probe road-digging in Sanquelim: Ex-MLA", "text": "BICHOLIM: Former Sanquelim MLA Pratap Gawas has demanded an inquiry into the activity of digging of roads in Sanquelim constituency, alleging that it has been going on for a year under the pretext of laying water pipelines, telephone cables and construction of drainage works by different contractors.Gawas demanded to know whether permission has been obtained to undertake these activities. \"Nobody knows what is going on,\" he said. He has urged chief minister Manohar Parrikar to look into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17302658", "title": "Swaminarayan museum open for visitors", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Swaminarayan museum at Naranpura has finally completed a major portion of conservation work of important manuscripts of the personal belongings of Lord Swaminarayan. The museum is now open for visitors during the heritage week celebrations.The museum has around 5,000 processed artifacts, mainly the personal belongings of the founder of the sect, collected by its present spiritual head Tejendraprasad. There are photographs of monuments and locations like the Jain Temple, Jama Masjid, House of Pol and Kalupur SN Temple that are of archival value to the city.Lord Swaminarayan's rosary, items of pooja, charnarvind, kathari and paduka have also been well preserved and put on display. Besides the legacy, contributions from devotees have also found a place in the museum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17301342", "title": "Sun worshippers ditch river, do puja in swimming pool", "text": "CHENNAI: Tradition might demand a dip in the river but for Biharis who call Chennai home, taking a dip in the highly polluted Cooum or Adyar rivers to celebrate Chhath puja is not an option. So, for the last few years, the Bihar Foundation has been hiring a farmhouse on ECR to use the swimming pool for the puja to the sun god.On Monday, about 350 people took part in the puja in Chennai. Chhath is observed for four days and includes fasting and standing in water for long periods of time, offering prayers to the rising and setting sun. \"Some years ago, the association organised the puja in a pond in the city, but many people did not come as the water was not clean. So we have been holding the puja in this swimming pool,\" said Bihar Foundation secretary Pradeep Kumar. The water level in the pool is reduced so that there is no danger to the worshippers, he added.About 100 years ago, more than 35% of Chennai was covered with water bodies, say experts. Today, these water sources are either polluted or have disappeared. For instance, Lake View Road in both Nungambakkam and West Mambalam have no lakes in the vicinity and there is no tank near Spurtank Road. Adyar Creek, Cooum, and Porur and Virugambakkam lakes are polluted with waste and sewage.Though Chennai is a coastal city, the devotees did not consider the Bay of Bengal for their prayers as they have to avoid salt during the puja. \"Salt is considered impure during this festival,\" said Pradeep Kumar.\"Even though we are far from our hometowns, we ensure that we don't miss the puja. We come to the farmhouse every year. We feel at home in Chennai,\" said a devotee.The association vice-chairman Anjani Kumar said they organize various events and celebrations for festivals to keep Bihari traditions alive among the younger generation. \"Our membership is growing,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17302699", "title": "Murder accused brutally killed in full public view", "text": "NAGPUR: A 32-year-old man, who was an accused in a murder, was killed at Panther Nagar chowk near Hiwri Nagar on Tuesday in the same fashion he had eliminated his target in 2010. Arun Uikey, alias Jagya, was stabbed and his face smashed with stones while stunned passers-by watched the gory drama. Jagya had been released from Nagpur central jail just a fortnight ago.The assailants, allegedly led by Sachin Deshbhratar, surrounded Uikey and pinned him down. It is learnt that Jagya had gone to Sachin's place where they first had a scuffle. Police said the duo were bitter enemies but the exact reason is yet to come to fore. Local residents, terrified by the incident, opted to remain silent before the police as well as the media.Jagya has several offences against him. He was charged with murder in 2007 by Kotwali police and also subsequently by Nandanvan police. In 2010, Jagya had alleged stabbed and smashed the skull of Kailash Bawne in the same locality.Jagya also has offences of extortion and robbery against him. On the other hand, Sachin's younger brother Pappu was a dreaded goon, who had been killed in a brutal manner a couple of years ago while returning from Nandanvan police station.Sources said Jagya used to terrorize people. Though Jagya had shifted to Sakoli in Bhandara after being released from jail, he would return frequently to ensure his dominance in the locality with his criminal activities and threats. Sources from the locality said that even Sachin was trying to establish himself as a terror here, which may have led to the enmity between them.Police said Jagya would often visit Sachin's place to see if he was around. The victim had gone there some time before he was murdered, but Sachin somehow managed to throw him out of the house. Jagya, sensing trouble, had fled from the spot. He was fleeing on foot when Sachin and his accomplices caught up with him. Police sources also said Sachin and his accomplices apparently cleaned the blood stains on themselves at his house.Nandanvan police have recovered two sharp weapons and a scarf near the body lying in a pool of blood. No arrests have been made yet. Names of Sachin's aides like Bhurya, Akash and Durgesh have come to fore in the assault.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17301366", "title": "Country's first simulated underground mine in Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: For the first time in India, an institute in Gurgaon has designed a simulated underground mine to train those who are willing to carve out a career in the field of mining and natural resources sector. The Institute of Natural Resources (INR), which was launched by the Indian Institute of Skill Development (IISD) in association with two Australian institutes, will offer highly cost-effective and specialized training in mining and allied sectors.Inaugurating the institute, former Australian cricket team captain Steve Waugh said, \"Just like on the cricket field we players do the job for each other to win the game, partnerships in academics and training is required to achieve success.\" He said though it was unimaginable to have a mine in the middle of Gurgaon after seeing it he realized that students of mining would get an as-good-as-real feel of the environment and surroundings with this innovative step.INR director K B Trehan said most industries, especially mining and natural resources are struggling with scarcity of skilled workforce therefore the institute was in immediate need to shorten the skill gap. \"Keeping in a view the specific industry needs and skill shortages, matching courses will be delivered at the institute so that the trainees have strong resume reflecting Australian certified qualification\" he added.When asked about the utility of setting up such a simulated mine in an IT hub, Ranjan Bakshi, director of IISD, said Gurgaon has been too much obsessed with IT, BPO and cricket and now it is time for other avenues to evolve and mining sector is one such avenue. \"It is a known fact now that there are a lot of growth opportunities and good paying capacity in the mining industry. There have been a lot of queries from those who are aspiring for a career in mining and only a few institutes across the globe have such facility as INR has,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17304739", "title": "Convocation at SHIATS today", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The 8th convocation of the Sam Hinginbottom Insititue of Agriculture, Technology and Sciences (deemed university) will be organised on November 21 at the convocation grounds, said registrar Prof (Dr) AKA Lawrence. Chief guest on the occasion will be Prof Brady J. Deaton, Chancellor, University of Missouri , Columbia while Prof J A Oliver, Chancellor, SHIATS will preside over the function.Prof Lawrence said SHIATS, formerly Allahabad Agricultural Institute, was established in 1910 as a rural agriculture school with the motto of 'serve the land' and 'feed the hungry' by its founder Dr Sam Higginbottom. Under the leadership of its present Vice Chancellor Prof (Dr) Rajendra B Lal the Institute has achieved global recognition for contribution towards promoting agriculture, research and extension for uplift of the economy. SHIATS has collaborated with more than 14 countries such as The Netherlands, USA, UAE, Denmark, Japan, Australia, New Zealand, Nepal, China, Bangkok , Libya , Rwanda, Iraq and Afghanistan .Academic infrastructure of SHIATS comprises of nine faculties, 72 departments with 10,000 students enrolled under different degree and diploma programmes. During the convocation ceremony, graduate, post-graduate and doctoral degrees will be awarded to 2,880 students in which 98 gold medals and 24 silver will also be awarded to meritorious students in different disciplines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17302678", "title": "Dewats, an answer to sewage treatment: Experts", "text": "NAGPUR: With cities all over the world growing at a very fast pace, providing adequate sanitation to the people especially through sewerage and waster water management has emerged as a big challenge for the administration.Customized De-centralized Waste Treatment System (Dewats), that uses different technologies for waste water treatment depending on the site and the local problems associated with sanitation, has emerged as a solution to the problem of urbanization.Experts from various governmental as well as non governmental agencies at the three day international conference on decentralized wastewater management in Asia which began on Tuesday voiced that site specific Dewats is a viable sanitation option for Asian countries.Susmita Sinha of the Consortium for Dewats Dissemination Society (CDD) from Bangalore said that the CDD partnerships had yielded good results in Asian countries like India, Pakistan, Bhutan, Nepal, Bangladesh and Sri-Lanka. \"Dewats have been used as modular treatment systems with customized and incremental designs in collaboration with the City Sanitation Plan (CSP) in many cities in these countries,\" she said.Stefan Reuter, director of Bremen Overseas Research and Development Association (Borda), Germany felt that combining the centralized water sewerage system with Dewats was a smart way of handling the problem. But unfortunately lack of coordination between the agencies handling this hampers the development rather than hastening it. Meanwhile, use of a combination of anaerobic technology with an aerated filtering system which can drain the treated water to the right place has shown good results in Indian cities like Kolhapur, Pune, Nagpur, Chennai and Bangalore.\"These biogas plants can work well in both in domestic and food processing sector as no chemical are involved here,\" he said.The union ministry of urban development has decided to collaborate with the Deusche Gesellschat fur Internationle Zusammenarbeit (GIZ) from 2011 to 2018. Regina Dube, senior adviser of the programme on 'Support to the National Urban Sanitation Policy' stressed that GIZ will only provide technological support to cities. Dube said that cities just need to priortise their implementation strategies. In India six cities are in process of getting their CSPs approved by the respective state departments of ministry of urban development.While most countries in Asia are already using Dewats, Afghanistan is still in the process of evolving a national policy on environment and sanitation. Hussain Etemadi, the director of water supply of ministry of urban development pointed out that the country had recently held a meeting of all the stakeholders involved in the process. At present, big cities are using decentralized systems like septic tanks. But since groundwater is one of the major sources of drinking water, groundwater pollution is emerging as a big challenge.Ryan Yuen from the International Water Association sees the association as the link which joins all the countries seeking information or technical support on Dewats. \"We reach out to different government and influence them positively in deciding their policies,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17303024", "title": "Relative to take on Gordhan Zadaphia", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17302792", "title": "Govt should gets its act together to check air pollution", "text": "The data on increasing rates of respiratory diseases in Delhi only confirms what we anecdotally knew. What it does do though is to highlight for the government the urgent need for getting its act together in controlling air pollution. The huge and rapidly growing population of vehicles in the national capital is clearly one of the major reasons for this pollution. The government frequently bemoans this and talks about ways of providing disincentives for private vehicle ownership. If it really does want to encourage people to shift from private transport to public transport, its best bet would be to enhance the scale and quality of public transport services to a level where they become the preferred option. No amount of preaching can substitute for that action.Related story : 23 Delhiites die every day due to respiratory ailments", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "now that promotions of \" the twilight saga", "code": "17305143", "title": "Friends want Pattinson to dump Kristen Stewart?", "text": "Now that promotions of \" The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn 2\" have come to an end, friends of actor Roberts Pattinson reportedly want him to dump his reel and real life girlfriend Kristen Stewart .The couple recently reunited after a brief separation following news of Stewart cheating on Pattinson with director Rupert Sanders.However, they got back together and have been promoting the last movie of the \"Twilight\" franchise together in which they play lead roles.\"It's been awful for his family and friends to watch him, under the glare of the world, next to this woman who cheated on him and broke his heart. Many held back while he was promoting the movie,\" thesun.co.uk quoted a source as saying.\"They realised he had a job to do and kept their opinions to themselves. But now they are making their feelings known. He has to ditch her. She is making him look like a total idiot,\" the source added.Pattinson and Stewart started their relationship in 2008 while filming for the first movie of the \"Twilight\" series.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17302059", "title": "Cops\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 bid to arrest man in court irks HC", "text": "HYDERABAD: Justice Ramesh Ranganathan of the high court on Tuesday expressed shock at the allegations that some plain clothes policemen from Krishna district tried to 'forcibly take away' a person from the corridors of the court and entered into an argument with advocates when the latter protested the highhanded behaviour on the ground that there was a stay on his arrest.The judge was dealing with a writ petition filed by one Anjibabu (an accused in a case) who complained to the court about the incident. He said that he was named accused in a case. When he approached the high court stay was granted on his arrest. He alleged that after he got the order from the court, the police started harassing his family. Following this, Anji Babu said he started staying in Hyderabad.The case was moved as an urgent lunch motion on Tuesday and Justice Ramesh Ranganathan took a serious view of the whole episode and wanted the details of the persons who came to the HC last Wednesday. He directed them to appear before him on Friday. The judge wondered how such incidents could take place in the HC corridors and summoned an official of the SPF who is responsible for security in the high court and directed him to file an affidavit on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17301967", "title": "Reprieve for babus in VS land deal", "text": "KOCHI: The state vigilance and anti-corruption bureau has knocked off the names of former principal secretary Sheela Thomas, former land revenue commissioner K R Muraleedharan and former Kasaragod collector Anand Singh from the list of accused in the land allotment case involving opposition leader V S Achuthanandan.VS remains the first accused in the case. He is accused of having facilitated the allotment of 2.33 acres of land to his relative T K Soman when he was the chief minister and allowing to overcome the rider that the land cannot be sold for 25 years.The vigilance team told the Kerala high court on Tuesday that investigation has been completed and the final report would be filed before the trial court soon.The HC is currently hearing an appeal by VS seeking quashing of the FIR registered against him. The other accused in the case are T K Soman, former revenue minister K P Rajendran, former Kasaragod collector N A Krishnankutty and VS's personal assistant A Suresh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17300709", "title": "Schoolboy stabbed to death by teens", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 16-year-old school student was stabbed to death allegedly by a group of teenagers outside a government school in Jehangirpuri area of northwest Delhi on Tuesday afternoon.The deceased, identified as Shahrukh, a student of Class VIII, lived in Jehangirpuri area with his family. He had gone to pick up his younger sister, who studies in Class V from the school when he was attacked by a group of 12 boys, said police.Shahrukh had reportedly pacified a scuffle on Sunday that took place between his friend and some unknown boys over friendship with a girl, a senior police officer said.\"Shahrukh had nothing to do with that girl. He only intervened to pacify the two groups. We have identified the accused, who are reported to be juveniles. The deceased was apparently threatened by the boys with dire consequence,\" said an officer.The police received a call about the incident around 12:45pm from a passerby. \"Shahrukh was standing on the street when he was surrounded by a group of armed boys. The accused attacked him with sharp-edged weapons. They stabbed him in his stomach and in the chest. Shahrukh began to bleed and collapsed on the ground writhing in pain. They accused then fled from the crime scene,\" said the police official.He was rushed to a hospital where he was declared brought dead.Iftekar, the brother of the deceased said, \"There is no security guard at the school premises, no one intervened to stop my brother from getting killed.\"Police have registered an FIR under section 302 (murder) of IPC against unknown people. A senior police official said that they were conducting raids and the accused will soon be nabbed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17301653", "title": "Central empowered committee meet on illegal mining today", "text": "PANAJI: The Supreme Court's central empowered committee (CEC) will meet in Delhi on Wednesday with regards to alleged illegal mining of iron ore in the state.Those expected to attend the meeting include mines secretary R K Varma, director of mines Prasanna Acharya , a representative of the Goa mineral ore exporters association, representatives of Goa mining association, petitioner Claude Alvares and the regional controller of mines.Representatives of ministry of mines, ministry of environment and forest and federation of Indian mineral industries are also likely to be present at the meeting. The state government is likely to submit additional information requested by the CEC.The mines department had earlier submitted the data which was inadequate and incomplete. CEC had asked the mines department to submit complete and proper information. During the CEC's visit, they inspected around 12 mines in North Goa and South Goa to verify the allegations. The SC had first heard the case on October 5 and halted all mining activity in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17302488", "title": "Adyapeath head to address meet of religions in US", "text": "KOLKATA: The Council for a Parliament of the World's Religions based in Chicago and the Washington Kali Temple will celebrate Swami Vivekananda's birth sesquicentenary by organising a World Congress of Religions between October 30 and November 2. Brahmachari Muralbhai, head of the Dakshineswar Adyapeath, who is currently in the US, has been invited to deliver the keynote address at this event that is likely to be attended by around 1,000 people.\"The World Congress will focus on the relevance of religion and spirituality in addressing critical issues including alleviation of poverty, promotion of human rights, empowerment of women and fostering of peace. We hope to bring together engaged leaders, scholars, activists and members from diverse religious and spiritual communities, engaged actors in the local and global interreligious movements as well as influential policy makers and civil society actors from guiding institutions like government, business, education, science, media and NGOs,\" an organiser said.The significance of Swami Vivekananda's religious and social teachings and message for the critical issues facing today's global community will serve as a touchstone for the proceedings, organisers revealed. The vision of the meet is to use the interfaith search for shared values and mutual respect in promoting a more peaceful and sustainable world. The organisers hope to use religious beliefs and spiritual practices as the basis for efforts to eliminate poverty and support women's rights.\"The World Congress of Religions 2012 offers an opportunity to pave the path for a new era of cooperative action among the world's religious and spiritual communities as well as civil and political societies. Such a gathering is urgently needed in the present context of the global interreligious movement and the striving for world peace,\" the organiser added.On September 11, 1893, Swami Vivekananda addressed the Parliament of Religions organised at Chicago and highlighted the philosophy of Hinduism and the Bhagavad Gita to the gathering.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17302492", "title": "A tragic tale of three bridges", "text": "PATNA: The bamboo bridge that reportedly caved in at Mahendru Ghat following which the stampede took place during Chhath festivities at adjacent Adalat Ghat cost Rs 1.36 lakh to the Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) and came up within two days before the tragic Monday. Another bamboo bridge was also laid nearby at the same cost but the contractor took seven days to make it. Was it because it was hurriedly made within two days that it caved in?According to PMC commissioner Pankaj Kumar Pal, tenders were floated and the work to make the two bridges were allotted to PMC contractor Shekhar Kumar. That thousands of Chhath devotees and their family folks would use the bridge on Monday evening and Tuesday morning was known to one and all. Yet, rued stampede eyewitness Ashutosh Kumar, the bridge made in two days was not adequately spread horizontally. Since the bridge's width was thin, the bamboos got misplaced under the burden of increasing crowd.Soon the word spread that the bridge had collapsed, and the devotees diverted themselves to use the pontoon bridge at Adalat Ghat, making it more crowded. The pontoon bridge was constructed by the road construction department. Patna district magistrate Sanjay Kumar Singh visited the Ganga ghats several times before Chhath. The district administration even declared 31 ghats unsafe for devotees. One wonders why the administration did not think it wise to inspect the hastily-laid bamboo bridge too and declare it unsafe. \"The contractor who made the bamboo bridges should be arrested,\" demanded a wailing Roshan Shah who lost his wife Manju Devi (30) and two children Karan (8) and Nandini (2) in the Adalat Ghat stampede.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17301454", "title": "Bhoomipujan for new police headquarters", "text": "NASHIK: Police commissioner Kulwant Kumar Sarangal and deputy commissioner Sandeep Diwan performed the bhoomipoojan for the new building of the police commissionerate at Gangapur Road on Tuesday.Sarangal said it was likely that the building will be ready by Dussehra next year.Diwan said that the new office is being constructed at a cost of Rs 8.61 crore with three floors and a total space of 48,000 sqft.Diwan added that all branches of the police commissionerate will be shifted to the new office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "17301966", "title": "NRI techie killed in road accident in California", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: An NRI techie from Krishna district was killed and three others injured in a road accident in California in the United States on Sunday afternoon. The incident came to light on Tuesday when the family of the victims received information from their kin in US.According to information, Gorla Lalitha, 50, died on the spot when the car in which they were travelling was hit by a speeding vehicle from behind on the highway. Her husband, Veeranjaneyulu, and two others suffered serious injuries in the mishap.Veeranjayeulu, a native of Malleswaram village of Bantumilli mandal in Krishna district, married Lalitha of Eluru in West Godavari district about 20 years ago. Sources said the family of Veeranjaneyulu had gone for shopping on Sunday and the accident took place while they were returning home.Sources said Veeranjaneyulu stopped the vehicle on one side on the highway following a technical snag. A vehicle coming from behind rammed into the car which then collided with another vehicle.As a result, all the four travelling in the car suffered grievous injuries. The highway police rushed the victims to a local hospital where the doctors declared Lalitha dead.The condition of Lalitha's husband Anjaneyulu, who was driving the vehicle at the time of mishap, is said to be critical.Anjaneyulu's nephew Satyanarayana Murthy and his son suffered minor injuries. Both Anjaneyulu and Lalitha were software engineers and moved to the US only about six years back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17302962", "title": "Woman gang raped in Jaipur hotel, one suspect ends life", "text": "JAIPUR: A gang rape by at least six men in a city hotel on Monday evening turned murkier the next day when one of the suspects committed suicide. The man ended his life after a police team visited his family and told them to send him to the police station for questioning to ascertain his role in the gang rape. According to the police, he might have taken the extreme step fearing arrest.Earlier, a married woman lodged a complaint saying that she was abducted and raped by six men at a hotel situated in Bani Park area on Monday.According to the police, the woman, who got married in Ajmer a few months ago, had come to her maternal family house in Rana colony in the city for Bhai Dhooj.On Monday afternoon, while she was going to get her cellphone repaired, she met six persons out of which three were known to her. They promised her that they will take her to an authorized shop for repairing her mobile.\"The woman alleged that the men cheated her and took her to a hotel situated at Kabir Marg, Bani Park and raped her one after the other. The woman in her statement said that she trusted them since three of them were known to her. Later, all of them fled after leaving the woman in an unconscious state. At 6 pm, when the victim gained consciousness, she immediately called up her parents and narrated the incident. She and her family members then lodged a case against six persons,\" said Nathu Lal, circle inspector, Shastri Nagar police station.\"Two others, including one Makhan (20), who is a history-sheeter of the area, are at large and will be arrested soon,\" said a senior police officer.Based on the FIR filed at Shastri Nagar police station, three accused, identified as Harish alias Montu (19), Sandeep alais Montu (28) and Lala alais Abhishek (19) were arrested on Tuesday morning.\"The man who committed suicide was not been identified by the victim in her FIR lodged at Shastri Nagar police station. Later, with the help of CCTV footage, it was found that he too was present at the hotel with the other accused. Thus, to find his role, police visited his house on Tuesday afternoon and asked his family to send him for the verification. He was not found at the home during then. In the evening it was found that he committed suicide by consuming poison,\" said B L Soni, commissioner of police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "17301832", "title": "Road repair work on MC Road delayed", "text": "KOTTAYAM: The completion of four-lane road (30m) on the 2km stretch from MC Road to the Government Medical College still remains a distant dream.Way back in the early 70s during the construction of the road, a decision was made to acquire land for the four-lane road. But even after 40 years, it has not yet been implemented. The road is almost straight except for a sharp curve towards its end.However, some hope sprung up when the PWD decided to initiate work for filling of the land on one side of the road and the extension of two culverts. But after two years of awarding the contract, the filling work is yet to complete.\"The present work is only for filling of land on one side upto a distance of 1.3km. The remaining work has to be finalized,\" said a PWD official.Now the major obstacle in front of the PWD officials is the straightening of the sharp curve towards the end of the road.At the time of the formation of the road, a 48 cent hilly land was acquired for this purpose. Later, a police station and a KSEB sub-station came adjacent to the land making it impossible for PWD to go ahead with the initial plans.\"Now we have to formulate a new plan for the final 700m of the road which includes the curve,\" said the official. But then the PWD will have to acquire new land for finishing this stretch.Meanwhile, the contractor who is carrying out the land filling work on one side till 1.3km of the road said that the work has reached the final stage. \"Now we need to level the filled land. Two culverts have been extended,\" he said.This work was for an estimate of Rs 1 crore. PWD officials hoped that more fund will be allocated for the project in the next state budget.There is also a railway overbridge at the beginning of the road. Railways have already started conducting soil test here to widen the existing bridge.\"A final decision could be made only after the soil tests,\" said a railway official.PWD is yet to move requisition letter to the KSEB for relocating the electric posts. The water pipes which carry drinking water to the hospital are also laid underneath the road. \"A combined effort from all the departments is required for the speedy completion of the works,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17305089", "title": "Independence Rock continues to march forth", "text": "Bruised but far from broken, Farhad Wadia reasons why Independence Rock, India's oldest and longest-running rock festival, continues to march forth in a fast-evolving music sceneTo keep Independence Rock (I-Rock) alive and kicking hasn't been an easy assignment for Farhad Wadia. In the run-up to the 27th edition , which guarantees to fire up Andheri's Chitrakoot Grounds this Sunday, the country's most dedicated rock music event has remodelled itself while staying true to its spirit, says Wadia.While most of the seasoned patrons still consider the 17 I-Rock editions at the acoustically blessed Rang Bhavan to be better than the last nine years that played out at Chitrakoot, the festival's torchbearer says the essence of the festival hasn't diluted. \"We have lasted 27 years by staying true to the thought behind this authentic rock and metal music platform for Indian musicians. Despite the obstacles and the constantly changing music scene, we have always held the finale in Mumbai because this is, and will remain our city's festival,\" Wadia says.The biggest change he has witnessed is how the audience of the past eight years has embraced original music from the bands, rather than root for popular covers. Although the I-Rock competition has fanned out to five cities in the past six years, Wadia says he has had to settle for a one-evening city concert due to lack of financial support.\"It's become increasingly unfeasible to organise music festivals in Mumbai, owing to the lack of venues, sponsors, the two dozen permissions to be sought and other logistic challenges that other cities don't pose. Also, it's almost impossible to serve alcohol in open air festivals here. That's why you see these multigenre fests being held in Pune, Bangalore or Delhi, but not Mumbai,\" he says.This year, the competition has gone completely online. Of the 45 city bands that have uploaded their best tracks, one will be chosen. \"People's voting has some bearing on deciding the winner, but the final decision rests with the jury, helmed by Zubin Balaporia (Indus Creed) and I.\" Apart from the winning band, the evening will see performances by Zygnema, Bhayanak Maut, Brahma, Warren Mendonsa, Ehsaan Noorani , Loy Mendonsa and Pentagram.Like the last two years, this year's show too is free. Wadia wants to make one request to the fans though. He says, \"I want people to attend the festival in large numbers and support it. It has given so much to the city's rock music culture. By just showing up, the fans can return the favour.\"Need an entry pass? All you have to do to get in is to bring along a copy of the Mumbai Mirror dated Sunday, November 25. Gates open at 4.30 PM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17302463", "title": "Chhath stampede: Opposition parties demand high-level probe", "text": "PATNA: Opposition parties in the state have demanded immediate resignation of CM Nitish Kumar for 'administrative failure' of the government which led to the stampede and death of 17 persons.Leading the opposition was RJD supremo Lalu Prasad who said the CM should resign on moral ground.Talking to mediapersons on Tuesday, Lalu said, \"Nitish should tender resignation on moral ground for the failure of his government to make proper arrangement on the occasion of Chhath. If he fails to do so God will punish him.\"Lalu, who flew from Delhi and reach Patna on Tuesday demanded that a case be registered under section 302 of the IPC against officials responsible for the construction of the makeshift bridge that partially caved in.He also announced to pay from the party fund Rs 50,000 to the family of each of those killed in the tragedy. He, later, met the families of the victims, 10 of whom were women and children.Reacting to the CM's appeal that politics should be kept out of the human tragedy, Lalu said, \"How can we remain silent on such a big tragedy. Responsibility has to be fixed for the stampede.\"Union minister of state for agriculture Tariq Anwar demanded a high-level inquiry into the tragedy and a compensation of Rs 10 lakh to the next of the kin of the deceased. He also appealed to political parties not to play politics over the issue.LJP chief Ram Vilas Paswan also demanded a case be registered under section 302 of the IPC against the officials concerned with making the arrangements. Paswan said he had already written a letter to both, CM Nitish Kumar and deputy CM Sushil K Modi, about the pitiable condition of ghats. \"I had suggested laying out huge cement pipes on sand leading to the river ghats,\" Paswan told reporters in Delhi.LJP media in charge Lallan Kumar Chandravanshi said Paswan would be coming to the state capital on Wednesday to meet the family members of the victims.Meanwhile, Congress president Sonia Gandhi also expressed deep sorrow over the tragedy. Bihar state congress committee (BPCC) President Chaudhary Mehboob Ali Kaiser and party spokesman H K Verma accused the NDA government of constructing a substandard makeshift bridge for Chhath festival.Verma has demanded an all-party probe into the accident. He also said the compensation to the next of kin of the deceased should be Rs 10 lakh and Rs 2 lakh to the seriously injured persons.The BJP state unit president, Dr C P Thakur said there should not be any politics over the tragedy. He called upon the people to help the victims' families.Patna Sahib MP Shatrughan Sinha also demanded a high-level probe into the incident. Sinha said stringent punishment should be given to those found guilty for the tragedy. \"The action should serve as a warning that no official dares to be lax towards making arrangement for a grand festival like Chhath,\" he said.Left parties - the CPI, CPM and CPI-ML, in a joint statement to the press demanded judicial inquiry into the incident. A meeting was organized under the presidentship of K D Yadav of the CPI-ML who called upon the people to help provide medicare to the injured people.Expressing deep concern over the incident they said stern action should be taken against the culprits. They also said the tragedy was the result of administrative lapses and police inaction.Jharkhand Mukti Morcha also demanded a high-level enquiry into the incident. JMM senior vice-president, Sudhir Mahto, said state government should order a high-level enquiry into the incident and punish the officials responsible for it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17300135", "title": "India rejects OIC foreign ministers' references to Kashmir", "text": "NEW DELHI: India on Tuesday rejected the \"factually incorrect and misleading\" references made by the Organization of Islamic Cooperation (OIC) on Jammu and Kashmir at its session of the council of foreign ministers in African nation Djibouti last week.Responding to a question on resolutions adopted during the 39th Session of the OIC foreign ministers in Djibouti Nov 15-17, an external affairs ministry spokesperson said it had made misleading references to matters internal to the country.\"We note with regret that the Organization of the Islamic Cooperation (OIC) has once again made factually incorrect and misleading references to matters internal to India, including the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir, which is an integral part of India. We reject all such references/resolutions,\" the spokesperson said.The OIC resolution had expressed regret at the attempt to malign the legitimate Kashmiri \"struggle\" by terming it as terrorism.The contact group on Jammu and Kashmir which met on the sidelines of the council of foreign ministers, reaffirmed the \"principal position of the OIC in fully supporting the people of Jammu and Kashmir in their struggle to achieve their legitimate rights and stressed on considering new means for supporting them\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17303260", "title": "Kitchen sponge is dirtiest item at home", "text": "LONDON: The toilet seat is believed to be the dirtiest item in the average household, but scientists say the filthiest culprit in your house is the kitchen sponge.Dr Chuck Gerba, professor of microbiology at the University of Arizona, studied how diseases are transferred through the environment. This involves swabbing household items and measuring how many bacteria \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and what sort \u00e2\u20ac\u201d develop.In his studies, he particularly looked for faecal bacteria such as E.coli and staphylococcus aureus, BBC News reported. He found that on the average toilet seat there are 50 bacteria per square inch.\"It's one of the cleanest things you'll run across in terms of micro-organisms . It's our gold standard \u00e2\u20ac\u201d there are not many things cleaner than a toilet seat when it comes to germs,\" he said.People should be more worried about other household items, it seems.\"Usually there are about 200 times more faecal bacteria on the average cutting board than on a toilet seat,\" he said.In the kitchen it doesn't necessarily get there through actual contact with faeces. It comes via raw meat products or the viscera from inside of the animal, where a lot of the faecal bacteria originate.The filthiest culprit in homes is the kitchen sponge or cloth. According to Gerba, there are about 10 million bacteria per square inch on a sponge, and a million on a dishcloth. In other words, a kitchen sponge is 200,000 times dirtier than a toilet seat, and a dishcloth is 20,000 times dirtier. This is the same the world over, the report said.\"Always the dirtiest thing by far is the kitchen sponge,\" said John Oxford, professor of virology at the University of London and chair of the Hygiene Council \u00e2\u20ac\u201d an international body that compares hygiene standards across the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17301964", "title": "CBSE schools get UID breather", "text": "KOCHI: Even as the state education department is trying to ensure that each student studying in state syllabus schools has a unique identification number (UID) before the next academic year, the CBSE schools seeking NOCs from state government have been granted relief by the Kerala High Court.\"The high court had issued a stay on the state government's demand that CBSE schools should compulsorily ensure UID registration for students for obtaining no objection certificate (NOC),\" said Kerala CBSE School Management Association president T P M Ibrahim Khan.The Kerala High Court in its order on September 14 had said that they didn't find any rationale behind the compulsory requirement of allotment of UID to students in a school seeking NOC for affiliation of the CBSE/ICSE board. Observing that the government can't insist on a condition that's not within the powers of a school management, the court ruled that they cannot be compelled to produce the same.\"If for the statistics of the student community, the said number is required, we feel the government should take steps to enrol parents and family members, including students of every school, whether already affiliated or being affiliated,\" the court added.The ruling was given by a division bench comprising justices C N Ramachandran Nair and C K Abdul Rehim while considering petitions by 15 CBSE schools challenging the rules put forward by the state government through Kerala Education Rules for obtaining fresh NOCs to run schools.Meanwhile, the education secretary on Tuesday had a meeting with officials at IT@School which has been given the responsibility of issuing UID to students through Akshaya and Keltron. \"IT@School authorities have been asked to give a list of schools that have not been issued UID by Akshaya and Keltron,\" said sources present at the meeting.\"We are trying to finish it by January 31. The government deadline is March 31, 2013,\" added IT@School project executive director Abdul Kaipancherry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17301146", "title": "Rajouri double murder: Family friend arrested", "text": "NEW DELHI: Police claimed to have solved the Rajouri double murder case with the arrest of a 46-year-old man. Cops said the accused Darshan Singh was a family friend of the victims \u00e2\u20ac\u201d 78-year-old Swaran Kaur and her daughter Balbir Kaur (48).Officials said the double murder took place on November 6 after the women refused to hand over their cash box to the accused.According to V Renganathan, additional CP (west), during interrogation Darshan disclosed that he has been serving as a sewadar in a Gurudwara at Subhash Nagar. Darshan became close to the family through Swaran's sons, Devender and Dayal. He developed intimacy with the family on the pretext of bringing a marriage proposal for Dayal . On this pretext, he started visiting the house.\"On the day of the murder (Nov 6) the accused visited the Kaurs' house and came out along with Devender. After some time, Darshan again went to the house and asked for some money as loan from Swaran. He demanded Rs 2,000. Swaran took out currency notes and when Darshan saw that there was more money he asked for all the cash. When she refused, the accused then tried to snatch the money,\" police said.During this altercation, Swaran caught hold of Darshan's beard. The accused inflicted fist blows on Swaran and when she fell down he smothered her. After some time, he opened the door as Balbir was knocking the door and was raising hue and cry. \"As soon as Balbir entered the room, he overpowered her and after that smothered her also. After killing both the women, he poured mustard oil on both the bodies and put some polythene papers and set both the dead bodies on fire. He looted their bangles and Rs 23,000 from Swaran. All the items have been recovered,'' said Renganathan.The accused Darshan hails from Hastinapur near Meerut in UP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "17302761", "title": "Man held with fake currency", "text": "KANNUR: Kannur town police have arrested a 26-year-old man who is suspected to be part of a fake currency racket in the district. According to Kannur town circle inspector K Vinod Kumar, police held K Sreejith (26) of Azhikkal along with 14 fake hundred rupee notes following complaint from a shopowner.Later, police seized 200 more hundred rupee notes, a computer, scanner and a printer after raiding his house. Town police have also arrested two interstate thieves, who are allegedly involved in more than 50 cases of robbery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "panjim", "code": "17301442", "title": "43 years on, IFFI aims to embrace world cinema", "text": "PANJIM: It's 43 years old and has taken its first baby steps in making the International Film Festival of India (IFFI) a truly global affair. Not only did the fest open with a big-ticket Hollywood film, Ang Lee's Life of Pi, but it is inching towards creating larger infrastructure \u00e2\u20ac\u201d opening new spaces for film viewing and inviting international collaborations.Unlike previous years, the festival's inaugural ceremony was hosted in a makeshift structure that could house 3,000 people to replace the poor comfort of Goa's small theatres. One of the major attractions this year are \"beach screenings\" similar to those held at Cannes, to draw audiences who are not dedicated film buffs.Speaking at the inaugural ceremony, information and broadcasting (I&B;) minister Manish Tewari underlined the significance of this year's festival, \"Various schemes conceived by the government aim at promoting Indian films in the world arena, encouraging production of quality films and encouraging the documentary movement in the country...With a view towards encouraging co-production between India and other countries, India has entered in to co-production agreements with other countries.\"For instance, a co-production agreement with Poland has led to two cinematic collaborations already. A documentary on Polish children who found refuge in India during the World War-II called, Little Poland of Kathiawad and another tie-up with Doordarshan and the Polish culture ministry are on the anvil.Goa CM Manohar Parikkar admitted that their effort continues. \"Goa has been awarded best film destination but our journey starts from here. We have to take this festival to an international level,\" he said. Parikkar has recently announced financial incentives for those who are interested in setting up film theatres and even announced the building of a convention centre that will house 3,000-4,000 people.The state appears to be stepping up to the challenge, feels IFFI festival director Shankar Mohan who admitted that despite the love of films, Goa's lack of infrastructure like cinema theatres acts as a dampener.\"But the CM has recently made some announcements and we hope that this will help us,\" he said.Much like the films it seeks to showcase, IFFI's inaugural ceremony was a bittersweet mix of \"khabhi khushi, khabhi gham\". While a glitzy medley of songs Saroj Khan-style encapsulated 100 years of Indian cinema giving the cinematic extravaganza a kick-start, actor and chief guest Akshay Kumar tribute to his late father-in-law Rajesh Khanna and Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray lent a sombre mood to the occasion.However for film buffs, the medley \u00e2\u20ac\u201d created by the trio of Jahnu Barua, Saroj Khan and Sajjad Ali \u00e2\u20ac\u201d meant to squeeze in the centenary celebrations of Indian cinema felt woefully short with barely a nod to icons like Satyajit Ray and southern stars like Kamal Hasan. Instead, it ended up focusing on choreographer Saroj Khan's songs, including the pulsating \"ek, do, teen\" from Tezaab.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17300632", "title": "Mummy drops by in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: If you've spent hours watching Zahi Hawass, the Indiana Jones-esque Egyptian archaeologist, breathily probing the shadowy world of the New Kingdom of Egypt, then you should be getting across to the Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj Vastu Sangrahalaya (CSMVS). Yesterday, the museum inaugurated what qualifies as one of their most anticipated exhibitions: Mummy: The Inside Story.Presented in collaboration with the British Museum , the exhibition is centered around Nesperennub's mummy, its cartonnage case and an array of funerary objects and figurines. Nesperennub, a priest at The Karnak Temple Complex, lived and died in Egypt 2,800 years ago but he is one of the resident rockstar mummies at the British Museum.Neil McGregor , director of the British Museum, explains, \"Unwrapping a mummy more often than not destroys the body. Cutting edge multimedia scanning allowed us to skip this step for Nesperennub.\" Nesperennub's life information has been mediated by a clutch of non-invasive techniques such as CT scans, X-rays.Nesperennub led a pretty normal life, so don't go into the exhibition looking for the broody intrigue most of us have come to associate with ancient Egypt and the pharaohs and gods that lorded over it. However, Nespernnub's fascinating virtual unwrap, presented in a 3D film, more than makes up for the absence of scandals and mysteries in his back story. The virtual experience literally takes the viewers into the spinal canal of the priest.The immersive 3D film being screened daily at the museum's auditorium is leagues ahead of the 3D experiences offered by our local multiplexes. \"I've been hearing many good things about the film. Our film is being projected at a resolution that's significantly higher than what you'd find at the cinemas,\" says a thrilled Sabyasachi Mukherjee, director general, CSMVS.On March 24, 2013, following the conclusion of the Mumbai exhibition, the artefacts will return to the museum in London for conservation reasons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "17304790", "title": "Police recovers coins of Mughal dynasty", "text": "BAHRAICH: The police have recovered huge coins of Mughal dynasty and an iron of British government. 50 coins are made up of ashtdhatu while the other coins have not been identified and are being examined by the archaeological team of Lucknow.The trade of antiques is going on illegally in the district for a long time.The superintendent of police (SP) GP Kanojia told that a constable disguised as a customer was sent to purchase the antiques. The constable gained the confidence of the two youths involved in the trade and made a deal in lakhs of rupees. Later the youths were called at Buddha resort where they were nabbed by the police. The apprehended youths have been identified as Ratnakar and Bhuri Dalal residents of mohalla Salarganj under Dargah police station. 430 coins of Mughal dynasty were recovered from their possession, 50 coins of these are made up of asthdhatu while other 380 coins have not been identified. Besides an iron operated by spirit was also recovered.The ancient coins recovered by the district police is 400 years old while the iron is about 300 years old as revealed by the professor of Lucknow university and the surveyor of archaeological department.He said that the coins are being suspected to be made of copper.The people in the district are quite uncertain over the time calculation of the coins and the iron. It was reckoned that coins are of 16 to 17 centuries. The iron also has the British reference printed in it which indicates that the iron is about 300 years old. The recovered coins are hardly of two to three thousand rupees in terms of denomination but they are valuable being ancient.The superintendent of police (SP) told that a case under section 25(1) of Indian Treasure-trove Act, 1878. has been registered against the apprehended youths and they have been sent to jail.Monkey attack claims woman's life: A woman fell from roof top after being attacked by a monkey. She was admitted to the district hospital where she died during treatment. The deceased was identified as Pramila Devi (48), a resident of Bhikharipur under Gilaula police station. Parmila was drying clothes on the roof top when the simian attacked her.She received serious injuries on her hands, leg and head. She was taken to the primary health centre at Gilaula where doctors referred her to Bahraich district hospital but she died during treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17302275", "title": "Plea seeking voting rights for Muslim women", "text": "MADURAI: A woman has filed a writ petition before the Madurai bench of the Madurai high court seeking direction to the Tamil Nadu Wakf Board to include eligible Muslim women in the voters list meant for election to the 'Jumma Periya Pallivasal' in Batlagundu in Dindigul district.In her petition, 56-year-old S Amroz Tahira contended that while talks are going on insisting one-third reservation for women, the Wakf Board authorities are trying to conduct the election without conferring any voting rights on the women. In the notice it was mentioned that Muslim males who have completed 18 years of age alone would be entitled to lodge their representations for removal or addition of names in the voters list. The women were excluded completely in the list. The petitioner also stated in her petition that they need only the voting rights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17305648", "title": "I am still a cinema student: Anurag Basu", "text": "Anurag Basu may have superhits like \"Barfi\", \"Murder\" and \"Metro\" behind him but the director feels he is still a student of cinema and has a long way to go.He is free after \"Barfi\" and wants to dedicate that time to attending film workshops and festivals.\"My last few years have been busy because I was shooting so I couldn't attend any film festival but this I am happy to be at IFFI. This platform brings us close to cinema as a filmmaker and it is good for our own personal growth. I come here as a student,\" Basu told on the sidelines of the 43rd International Film Festival in Goa.However, the director is a little disappointed on not seeing many of his Bollywood colleagues at the festival.\"I was very eager to come here because I thought I would meet a lot of colleagues as we are celebrating 100 years of Indian cinema but I am a little disappointed as not many of them are here. I thought I will meet people from fraternity to celebrate. People who are sitting in Mumabi free should have come. It's a big thing to miss,\" he added.Talking about \"Barfi\", which is India's nomination for the Oscar in the best foreign film category, Basu said it was too early to hope anything.\"I will announce it as big achievement when it is nominated. It is just India's nomination and I know so many things have been written about it but I think it doesn't deserve so much of attention because it is just at an initial stage. I will keep my fingers crossed for Oscars,\" he added.Basu is currently working on several scripts but has not finalized on one yet. He has given himself a December 14 deadline to land a another directing job.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17305859", "title": "Tamil film dubbed in sinhalese", "text": "Tamil-Telugu bilinigual 'Kabadam' starring Sachin, Santhosh and Angana Rai and directed by Jyothimurugan under the banner Chozha Creations is being dubbed in Sinhalese. Jyothimurugan has worked as an assistant director with Selvaraghavan and Simbudevan.The director says though he has worked under two totally different kinds of directors the script for his movie has shaped up totally different from their styles. ' Kabadam ' has developed into a romantic suspense movie he says.The film is based on the the problems faced by a couple due to their cultural differences. The hero of the film Sachin had earlier acted in 'Yathumagi' with Sunaina. Sachin was born in Sri Lanka and grew up in Tamil Nadu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17305337", "title": "DJ Candice Redding heats up the party", "text": "Leather LBD, killer body and groovy music \u00e2\u20ac\u201d DJ Candice Redding was hotness personified at Tantra, The Park, on Saturday . And from her turntable she unleashed tunes that set the floor on fire.From Gangnam to disco, house to electronica, Candice kept revellers on their feet as long as they partied into the wee hours. While Simana looked angelic in a lacy white tiered dress, it was this party goer in white who caught our eye as he did the Gangnam style. The bartenders too played with fire as they showed off some cool daredevil tricks. Buddy trio, Kasia, Karolina and Kinga was seen having a good time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17305550", "title": "Zoo time for Ritu-Tota", "text": "The last time directors Sudeshna Roy and Abhijit Guha had shot a film in the zoo was for Labonyer Sonshar. After seven years, the duo was seen shooting a song once again at the zoo for their next, Biye Not Out, starring Tota Roychoudhury and Rituparna Sengupta .\"The zoo authorities told us that strangely, for the past seven years, no film unit has approached them for shooting permission,\" said Sudeshna. The film sees Tota as a wildlife freak and the song captures Ritu and Tota enjoying at the zoo. It's a romantic number picturized on a soon-to-be-married couple,\" said Sudeshna. The buzz is that the director duo is also starting Cross Connection 2 soon, but Sudeshna is not ready to talk about it. \"We are working on the script of CC2 and Hercules. So, we are not sure which one will go on the floors first. In CC2 we might repeat Abir, Payel, Rimjhim and Ritwick again,\" informed Sudeshna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17301356", "title": "Aravali range around Sohna town marked natural conservation zone", "text": "GURGAON: In its efforts to conserve the green cover encircling Gurgaon, the Haryana government has designated the Aravali range around Sohna town as a natural conservation zone (NCZ) in the recently-notified Final Development Plan of Gurgaon-Manesar Urban Complex.The state government has emphasized that the NCZ has been envisaged because Sohna region is covered from the three by the Aravalis and it's crucial to retain the green cover. The plan has also earmarked an area of about 340 hectares for \"Water Recharge Zone\" to check the run-off, helping replenish the depleting water table of Gurgaon.As per the development plan, out of the total urbanisable area of 5,600 hectares, 1719 hectares are earmarked for residential purpose, 255 hectares for commercial, 1,236 hectares for industrial, and 627 hectares for transport and communication together. An area of 241 hectares has been earmarked for public utilities and 573 hectares for public and semi-public utilities. Open space and green belt would be spread over an area of 949 hectares.The government has also envisaged development of theme hubs - Leisure Hub, Sports Hub and Leather Hub along Kundli-Manesar-Palwal (KMP) Expressway in proximity to Sohna town. The plan has projected 6.40 lakh as the area's population by 2031.In the development plan, the KMP Expressway, which is under construction, is a crucial stretch for future expansion of the region. The KMP Expressway, which is under construction, passes by the southern side of the town. The Dedicated Freight Corridor (DFC) linking Delhi to Mumbai also passes by the south-eastern side of the town. The land for DFC has already been acquired and the HSIIDC has taken about 600 hectares of land for development of an Industrial Model Township (IMT) at Sohna, between Sohna town and KMP Expressway. The plan has two pockets, one of 50 hectares in Sector 25 and the other of 16 hectares in Sector 31, are reserved for low and medium income groups. Keeping in view, the scarcity of water in Gurgaon district, the plan has aims to develop sectors or colonies on zero discharge concept to encourage use of recycled water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17303106", "title": "Gujarat passive to Election Commission\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s bribe proposal", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17302041", "title": "Thousands throng Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation fair", "text": "HYDERABAD: More than 6,000 engineering graduates applied for new jobs at the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) fair (mela) in Hyderabad on Tuesday, which also drew more than 3,500 applications from the Old City alone.While the GHMC had pegged the number of online registrations at more than 12,000, an additional 2,600 walk-in candidates had registered at the venue bringing the total number of registrations to 14,009. Out of the 5,100 candidates who were interviewed, 1,844 have been shortlisted by 55 companies.Further, the counter for special needs people saw 69 registrations out of which 15 were hired on Tuesday.Fresh graduates wearing colourful clothes were seen queuing up at the fair held at Masab Tank and inquiring about job opportunities.However, many job seekers returned disappointed as they pointed out there were no multi-national companies at the job fair. They expressed their unhappiness at the large number of entry level jobs with base salaries between Rs 4,000 and Rs 8,000 only.Pharmacy graduate K Sunita (name changed) from Ameerpet said that she was forced to return despite registering because not a single MNC was present.Another B Pharm graduate Md Muzammil Ahmed said: \"Apart from two pharmaceutical companies which deals in prescriptions, there are no pharma giants who offer jobs in pharmaco-vigilance and clinical research. The base salaries are also low. I was expecting Novartis and Parexel.\" There were also 1,003 applications from MCA graduates. \"Like last time, weak communication skills among candidates remained a primary reason for many not getting jobs,\" Ayesha Rubina, the GHMC co-option member added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17305989", "title": "Channi Singh says - The Legend Lives On", "text": "Over the past 35 years, Bhangra icon Channi Singh (OBE), of world-renowned band 'Alaap', has mesmerised audiences with his evergreen compositions, which have become all-time classics. Channi Singh brings to you a collection of some of those great hits with fresh new music and vocals.'The Legend Lives On' includes hit tracks such as 'Bhabiye Ni Bhabiye', which became a Bhangra anthem and put Bhangra firmly on the map, the smash hit collaboration 'Chham Chham Nachdi Phiran', with the Queen of melodies Asha Bhosle and the romantic ballad 'Ve Vanjareya', which was copied by Bollywood film 'Aashiq', starring Bobby Deol and Karishma Kapoor. Bonus track 'Saadi Marzi' by star daughter Mona Singh (duet with Labh Janjua) also features on the album.Founder and lead singer of legendary Bhangra band 'Alaap', Channi is the man responsible for creating a new era in Punjabi music and getting it recognised all over the world. Formed in 1977, Channi and his band are credited as the 'Pioneers of modern Bhangra music', who gave Punjabi music a new identity and brought Punjabi culture back to its youngsters when it wasalmost forgotten. Channi and Alaap created a new modern sound and became responsible for changing the entire face of Punjabi music.During their illustrious career, Channi and Alaap have achieved much to be proud of. They have created history by breaking barriers and opening doors for Bhangra in to the mainstream, invited by world renowned figures, world music organisations and mainstream TV channels to represent Punjabi music. Channi is also the first British Asian to compose and direct music for big banner Bollywood films such as Feroz Khan's 'Yalgaar', 'Janasheen' and K.C. Bokadia's 'Shakitman' to name a few.Channi and Alaap have received countless esteemed awards for their contribution to the music industry from various organisations throughout the world. Channi has also recently become the first Punjabi artist to be honoured with an OBE from the Queen (Officer of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire) for his services to Bhangra music, Charity and community work. Alaap means 'Leaders' and in true sense they are the leaders of the modern Bhangra music scene, which paved the way for many others to follow. Fondly referred to as the 'Godfathers of Bhangra', Channi and Alaap have successfully continued their reign as 'the hottest and most successful Bhangra band in the history of the universe'.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "17302738", "title": "Leopard found dead in Chichpalli", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: The carcass of a fully-grown leopard, suspected to be killed in an accident, was found near Valani bus stand in Chichpalli forest range of Chandrapur division in the wee hours of Tuesday. The male leopard was 8-10 years old.Veterinary doctor PB Kadukar, who performed the post mortem, found multiple fractures in the body. Later, the leopard was cremated in the jungle in the presence of CCF and field director of Tadoba Andhari Tiger Reserve Virendra Tiwari, chief conservator of forests, Chandrapur circle BSK Reddy, assistant conservator of forests, TATR Girish Vashist and others in the evening.Meanwhile, forest officials have registered an offence under relevant section of Wildlife Protection Act against unknown person in this connection, RFO VW Morey said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17302807", "title": "Loss of Maitreya Project would be a big jolt for UP", "text": "For the state which showcases the Buddha Circuit as its USP to woo both international and domestic tourists, the loss of Maitreya Project would be a big jolt. It was supposed to be UP's trophy project which could have put the state on the tourist map in a big way, but three successive governments failed to provide even adequate land for it. It's not only the loss of an international tourist destination for the state, but also projects a negative image about UP as a troubled land for starting new ventures. The Samajwadi Party government which had started its new innings with a promise to improve the outlook of the state, must act with urgency to ensure that such developments do not further tarnish its reputation.Related story:  Is Uttar Pradesh on brink of losing Maitreya project?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17302963", "title": "Three months later, abandoned girl child's parents identified, arrested", "text": "JAIPUR: Nearly three months after a newborn girl was dumped by a woman in the fields at Boriyapura village of Bhilwara district, the police, after a thorough investigation, traced and arrested the biological parents of the infant. The couple confessed that they abandoned the girl to hide their illegitimate relationship.The infant was found in the fields at Boriyapura village on August 2, 2012 during Raksha Bandhan day. The infant survived as she got treatment for a fortnight at the government hospital.\"After we initiated an inquiry on August 2, our local informers pointed out a woman saying that she could be the mother of the baby. Later we took the woman and her family in confidence. We sent her for medical examination to find out whether she was pregnant in recent times (prior to August 2),\" said Tulsi Ram Prajapat, circle inspector, Bagor police station.Later when the medical reports confirmed that the woman was recently pregnant, the police took the help of doctors of Bhilwara government hospital.\"In order to ascertain if she was the biological mother, we took blood samples of the woman and the infant and sent them to the laboratory in Jaipur for DNA test,\" said Nitin Deep Blaggan, superintendent of police, Bhilwara.On November 16, the police got the DNA report which confirmed that the woman was the biological mother of the infant. \"During interrogation, we identified one Narayan Jaat (20) with whom she had physical relationship. Thus, we also took the blood samples of the man. It was also confirmed through tests that he (Narayan Jaat) was the biological father of the infant,\" Blaggan added.The police withheld the name of the woman but said that her age is 18 years and was arrested on Monday evening. She was produced before a local court on Tuesday from where she was taken in police custody for three days.Meanwhile, the girl child was given for adoption.According to the police, the couple were booked under Section 317 (Exposure and abandonment of child under twelve years, by parent or person having care of it) and 307(attempt to murder) of IPC.Box - The police after its local information organized a medical examination of the 'suspect mother'. Later, it was confirmed that she was recently remained pregnant. Thereafter the police took the blood samples of the woman and the infant baby. Meanwhile, after getting the name of the man to whom the girl had made physical relations, the police also took the blood samples of the man. The blood samples were sent to FSL, Jaipur. On November, 16, 2012 DNA tests conducted at FSL, Jaipur confirmed that couple were biological parents of the infant. Thus, the couple were arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "kathmandu", "code": "17302034", "title": "Nepal fails to end logjam, set for polls in April-May", "text": "KATHMANDU: The crisis-ridden Maoist-led Nepal government on Tuesday announced fresh constituent assembly elections in April or May next year, in an attempt to break the political deadlock plaguing the country since last year.Fresh elections had originally been planned for November 22, after the 601-member constituent assembly was dissolved by PM Baburam Bhattarai on May 27, but due to lack of consensus the plan was dropped.Also on Tuesday Prime Minister Bhattarai accompanied by finance minister Barsha Man Pun, reached Rastrapati Bhawan and submitted a budget ordinance of Rs 300.64 billion, for the remaining eight-month period of the current fiscal year, to President Ram Baran Yadav for approval, according to cabinet sources.The Prime Minister tentatively proposed to conduct elections to the constituent assembly in the month of Baisakh as per Hindu calendar which lies in April-May.A cabinet meeting held on Tuesday took the decision to hold fresh elections, Nepal News reported.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17302741", "title": "Rs 7 crore windfall for AG and AAG in 2011", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It really pays to be a government lawyer in Gujarat, a state embroiled in all sorts of legal tangles. In the last seven years, the state government has paid over Rs 12 crore to the advocate general (AG) and additional advocate general (AAG) for appearing in important cases, including lucrative ones like the Lokayukta's appointment and the petition filed by Zakia Jafri, widow of slain former Congress MP Ehsaan Jafri.Jafri had accused Modi for her husband's death in the bloodbath at Gulbarg Society where the family lived at the time of post-Godhra riots of 2002. The state government has fixed special rates, believed to be 10 to 20 times higher than payments for routine government cases, for the Zakia Jafri and Lokayukta cases for all the advocates.The law department, in response to two RTI applications filed by TOI seeking information on legal expenses, has given different responses. The first reply, dated May 3, 2012, says the department paid Rs 12.31 crore to AG and AAG since 2005. The second reply, which came on November 8, 2012, in response to a follow-up application to get an updated status on payments, refused to divulge any details.Interestingly, about 50% of the payment was released in 2011 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the year when Supreme Court-appointed SIT gave the much-debated clean chit to Modi in the Jafri case.The case pertaining to the failure of the chief minister to appoint a Lokayukta too came up in the same year. In 2011, present AAG Tushar Mehta received Rs 5.35 crore and AG Kamal Trivedi Rs 1.70 crore from the government.Sources in the law department said the state government has paid another Rs 5 crore to AG and AAG in the current year so far. The law department also evaded a question seeking the list of high-profile advocates roped in to defend the state government in these two cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17300810", "title": "Delhi\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s per capita income up 16.6% to Rs 1.76L: Data", "text": "NEW DELHI: The economic slowdown of recent years has not affected the urban Delhiite much. Not only has the city's per capita income increased, spending on leisure and comfort has also kept pace. At least that's the picture the Delhi government has drawn using data from the Delhi Statistical Handbook 2012, released on Tuesday.The government can preen itself on the data that includes four crore mobile users, addition of five lakh vehicles in a year, and soaring sales of high-end liquor and cinema tickets. Vehicle ownership has also increased to a point where every fifth household (20.7%) has a car.Although chief minister Sheila Dikshit's interpretation of the numbers for financial year 2011-12 projects an image of all-round prosperity, a closer look at the chapter on trade and finance shows the improved lifestyle is partly made possible by personal loans. In 2010-11, scheduled commercial banks had lent Rs 87,653 crore as personal loans and professional services. In 2011-12, the outstanding amount increased to Rs 1.25 lakh crore.The government's statement presents a rosy picture of development in a city that will go to the polls a year from now. The report points out that Delhiites are \"in the habit of enjoying their lives and make use of available entertainment\". More than 88% households have TV sets yet the popularity of cinema shows is undiminished.The handbook states that 98,000 persons visit theatres daily. Delhiites are also consuming more hard drinks with 2.5 crore cases of all kinds of liquor and beer being sold in 2011-12.Citing the rise in per capita income, the government claims Delhi is the second richest state in the country. During 2011-12, per capita income rose to Rs 1,75,812 against Rs 1,50,753 in 2010-11. An increase of Rs 25,159 or 16.6%.The government also claims that Delhi is saving for its future needs. The report shows that an amount of Rs 66,567 crore was deposited in 2,847 branches of various banks in the city. \"This reflects a sound economic situation in the capital city due to proactive economic policy of city government,\" Dikshit claimed.As regards amenities available in houses, the report reveals that the capital is just 0.9 percentage points shy of achieving complete electrification. The report states that 99.1% households have electricity connections and there are 34.65 lakh electricity consumers. Piped water supply also does not reach everyone as connections are available in only 81.33% houses, as per the report.Per capita, Delhi residents consume 50 gallons of water per day with 15.4 lakh metered and 39,930 un-metered connections. In 2011-12, Delhi processed 847 million gallons of water every day. As per the report, not all households have toilets \u00e2\u20ac\u201d 10.5% families do not have the facility at home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "17302307", "title": "Man found dead with head crushed", "text": "GHAZIABAD: A 30-year-old man was found dead in Loni area of Ghaziabad with his head bashed in with a brick. The victim worked as a milk supplier to various industries and houses in Delhi and had left his house at 10am on Monday. Police were notified when he didn't return and his body was later found in a heavily forested area at the Ghaziabad border on Tuesday morning.Police have identified the victim as Rajinder Singh, a resident of Loni. \"The victim would travel to Delhi every day to deliver milk. On Monday he left as usual, but did not return,\" said a cop.Police said Rajinder usually returned in the evening. Cops were informed about Rajinder's disappearance late on Monday night.\"We recovered the body from the border area on a heavily forested stretch which is also secluded,\" said Arvind Yadav, CO, Border.Police said that Rajinder's skull was crushed by repeatedly being struck with a brick. Cops also found signs of struggle. \"His body was found around 10.30am on Tuesday. The brick used to kill him was also found lying nearby,\" said the police.Sources said the brutal incident may have occurred in trying to loot the 30-year-old man. No concrete leads have been found by the Ghaziabad police in the murder yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17301193", "title": "Govt mulling to raise more revenues from airwaves auction", "text": "NEW DELHI: Despite claiming vindication over its charge that CAG's 2G loss estimates are vastly overblown, the government is concerned by the anemic auctions that yielded only Rs 9,047 crore and will look to raise better revenues when it puts more spectrum on the block.The point scoring with the Comptroller and Auditor General ( CAG ) and the Opposition apart, there is a deep sense of unhappiness that the airwaves have gone too cheaply in comparison to the 2010 3G auction given the commercial potential of the 2G band.\"The 2012 auction need not be the last word. The price of spectrum can be rediscovered. After all the licences are for 20 years and operators will earn large revenues. The government wants to improve on what the auction delivered,\" said well-placed official sources.With a sluggish economy and the Supreme Court's insistence seen to have forced the government's hand, the Centre is struggling to come to terms with the tepid auctions. Hurt pride and negative economic implications have soured the mood in the government.The government's problems have been compounded by the apex court's continuing observations criticizing the piece meal auction of spectrum and the receptive ears it lent to pleas that the Centre's policies discouraged a section of bidders from entering the fray.The SC's remarks that it will take a dim view of any dilution of its order to auction all spectrum vacated by the cancellation of 2G licences is vexing the government which is pointing to the lack of takers for the partial offering put up for bidding. Auctioning the entire spectrum would have been a worse option, it is felt.Government is also arguing that it went by the recommendation of telecom regulator TRAI and that this is in keeping with the SC order on 2G licences.Recognizing that the Opposition charge of government colluding with business interests is very damaging, the government is preparing to counter the allegation by pointing out that some spectrum had been held back to cater to the fallout of re-farming of airwaves.Some of the existing telecom players are bound to lose out in the re-farming process once spectrum is limited to 2.5 MHz per operator. The spectrum that continues to lie with the government will help compensate for these losses.Sources said the rates at which additional spectrum is to be charged for existing operators will be determined in a manner that is not wholly indexed to the modest rates accrued in the just concluded auction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17300396", "title": "No increase in foreign player quota in I-League", "text": "NEW DELHI: The proposal for increasing the number of foreign players in the I-League has not gone down well with the All India Football Federation. AIFF's executive committee met in the Capital on Tuesday and shot down the four-foreigner per team request made by the clubs. Currently, the clubs can hire four but can play only three. It was learnt that national coach Wim Koevermans and technical director Rob Baan are in not in favour of the move as it shrinks the chances domestic players would get.The committee also decided to arrange more international friendlies for the national team so that India can improve their FIFA ranking.Other important decisions:1. AGM on Dec 20, 2012.2. A retired judge of the Delhi High Court will be appointed as returning officer for elections .3. Indian Olympic Association, FIFA and AFC will be requested to send observers.4. Santosh Trophy 2013 will be held at two venues in Uttar Pradesh and Kerala in February/March 2013.5. SAI teams to participate in junior and sub-junior National championships.Two-match ban for Climax Lawrence: The disciplinary committee of the I-League has slapped a two-match ban on star Dempo midfielder Climax Lawrence for misconduct during the match against East Bengal in Kolkata on November 3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17305807", "title": "Kajal to concentrate on all three languages", "text": "Kajal Aggarwal has assured that she would concentrate on all the three languages she has been acting. She wants to plan and balance her movies in all three languages and is in no hurry to sign projects in a hurry.After her success in ' Thuppakki ' with Vijay and her movie ' Singham ' in Hindi and her Telugu movies, it looks like the pretty actress has started to focus more on Telugu and Hindi films as well.After her Hindi film opposite Akshay Kumar she hasn't accepted any new projects yet and she also committed in the same way in Telugu. All her Tamil offers are also kept at bay for the moment.Following her success with her recent movies it seems that Kajal Aggarwal has hiked her salary.Image Courtesy: Kajal Aggarwal's facebook page", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17301704", "title": "Intimidated by intolerance of innocuous post, girls swear off social media", "text": "MUMBAI: Palghar residents Shaheen Dhada and Rinu Shrinivasan are in no mood to ever return to social networking after their arrests and subsequent bail over an innocuous post on Sunday's shutdown in Mumbai. The duo, traumatized after being paraded like anti-nationals by the cops, says local residents haven't been too kind either, staring and passing comments at them. They are keen to take a break and head out of town, but their bail conditions requires them to mark their attendance at the local police station every Thursday. The girls just want a swift end to the controversy now.\"What I expressed on the internet was my personal view. But I realized many people were hurt by it. The written apology I gave was for hurting people and not for posting my opinion,\" Shaheen told TOI. \"I don't have an inclination towards any political party. I just want peace and harmony.\"Both Rinu and Shaheen deactivated their Facebook accounts, but late on Monday, Shaheen discovered a fake account in her name which had 120 friends in an hour. \"I decided not to be on Facebook after my original account got hacked,\" Shaheen said. \"If we go back to the site, it will only fan the controversy,\" added Rinu.The girls have been friends since college. \"I had an interview scheduled later this month for a course in sound engineering in Chennai. But with restrictions on moving out of the city, I don't know how I will appear for it,\" Rinu said.Incidentally, two of Rinu's friends had commented on the post which she shared from Shaheen's page.\"After Shaheen got into trouble over her comment on Sunday evening, a common friend called me up and advised I should immediately delete the post from my page. I thought he was joking, but deleted it anyway,\" Rinu said. Late on Sunday, when the two were summoned to the Palghar police station for tendering a written apology, they were never briefed about the possibility of an arrest. \"I had never seen the inside of a police station before. An unknown woman even slapped me twice,\" said Rinu. \"We haven't been given a copy of the apology we submitted in writing. The police told us we should stay inside for our own safety, until the angry mob outside the police station left. Accompanied by our parents, we waited till 2.30am,\" said Shaheen.\"We haven't yet decided whether we will pursue any legal action against the Sena for lodging a complaint against Shaheen over an innocuous post. We will consult our lawyers. There are so many derogatory comments on the internet, nobody cares about those,\" said her uncle, Dr Abdul, whose hospital was ransacked by vandals the same day.\"We suffered damages between Rs 18-20 lakh, including an image intensifier machine. Who will compensate us?\" Dr Abdul said, adding the vandals admitted they shouldn't have trashed the hospital.Shaheen's mother Nazma said she wasn't very active on Facebook and was horrified at her daughter's arrest. \"I had been keeping rozas for Muharram when the arrests happened. It was a big shock. Ever since her release on bail, Shaheen hasn't been eating well,\" Nazma said. \"We only want justice,\" Rinu concluded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17301111", "title": "Chennai get warmer as rain clouds loom", "text": "CHENNAI: The city temperature is on an upward curve after dipping to 17.6 C on Sunday, marking the lowest for any November in the past decade. After a week's tryst with chill, Chennai got warmer on Tuesday, with temperature refusing to go below 23C. Early mornings usually register the minimum temperature for the day.The weatherman attributed this to the presence of a low pressure over the Bay of Bengal moving towards the coast. The formation, which was earlier a deep depression that fizzled out, is now classified as low pressure. The Met department predicts rains or slight showers on Wednesday and Thursday. Last Thursday, Friday and Saturday, the minimum temperature has been hovering around 19C. After dipping further on Sunday to 17.6C, the temperature increased to 21.5 on Monday and to 23.3 on Tuesday. This is about two degrees more than normal for the week, say Met officials. \"Last week I had to wear mufflers. Now, the mist has somewhat cleared on the highway and the visibility is better,\" said R Lingeshwaran, an engineer who travels from the city to Gummidipoondi early every morning.Met officials say that during the end of last week, the eastern component of north-east monsoon was weak. Winds from the east are warmer and carry moisture. From the north, the winds are dry and cold. \"We got winds only from the north and that's why the dip in temperature,\" said Cyclone Warning Research Centre director Balachandar. Over the weekend, a depression was noticed around 1,100km south-east of Chennai. \"It then weakened and is now a low pressure area,\" he said.For the week ending November 14, Tamil Nadu received less than normal rainfall. During the week, while the state received 79% less rainfall than usual, the city received 99% less. For Chennai, November is the coldest and the wettest month of the year. The mean minimum temperature for November is 23C and the mean maximum temperature is 29.6C.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17301624", "title": "Theatre to light up Iffi today", "text": "PANAJI: Around the dawn on the 20th century, a man in western India told his wife about his fixation with a previously unheard-of black box. She was surprisingly accommodating, and parted with her jewellery, then worth Rs 25,000, to fund his passion.The strange box, which was then imported from England, became the most hated object in the couple's neighbourhood in Godhra. It was blamed as cause for a deadly epidemic that claimed the lives of hundreds of villagers, among was the generous wife, and her twin daughters.A man of conviction, the husband didn't give up his black box, which laid the firm foundation for the modern-day $5 billion Indian film industry. His name was Dada Saheb Phalke, and he fulfilled his dream of bringing Indian heroes to life through 'moving images', with his film Raja Harishchandra. He called his wife, Saraswati, 'the architect of my destiny', for her unflinching faith in his conviction.Saraswati, though, maintained that only 'moving images' could be termed his first love.The generous love of Saraswati and Dada Saheb Phalke will come alive through dialogues between the duo, which were the prologue to the birth of Indian cinema, at the 43{+r}{+d} International Film Festival of India (Iffi) in Goa. The 25-minute enactment has been penned by Dada Saheb's great-grand niece Sharayu Phalke Summanwar.\"The piece is originally written in Hindi, but I thought an English version would certainly cater to the huge global audience at Iffi in Goa,\" Summanwar, who has written a book on Phalke's life and suggested the dialogue-like theatre piece, said.The performance by theatre actor Lillette Dubey and the engineer of theatre revival movement in Hyderabad, Mohammad Ali Baig, at Kala Academy on Wednesday will be followed by the screening of the restored portion of India's first silent black-and-white film Raja Harishchandra.\"It is probably the first time that a theatre performance will open the screening of a film at a festival. Iffi director Shankar Mohan came up with the idea when he met me as a jury member at Iffi, and it was an honour to take up the challenge, given the reach of cinema and what an overwhelming medium it is,\" Mohammad Ali Baig said.Eminent theatre and film director Sai Paranjpye said, \"It's an honour for Indian theatre rather; I would say a dream come true.\" The effort is a tribute, as Iffi commemorates 100 years of Indian cinema in 2012. M S Sathyu has attempted to recreate the black-and-white era by limiting the colours of the set to these two basic hues.\"Dada Saheb Phalke's father was a pre-sanskrit scholar, and he wanted his son to follow in his footsteps. He was more inclined towards painting, and photography interested him. He was once taking a stroll with his three-year old son, when he saw a film being screened on the life of Jesus Christ. He bought a ticket and saw the moving imagery and ever since wanted to see Indian gods and heroes come to life,\" said Baig.Baig, whose theatre pageants revolve around the Mughal era and corresponding times, joked, \"This is my most contemporary act, where the actor wears trousers and jackets.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17301724", "title": "Pending case hits Neeraj Kumar's CBI race", "text": "NEW DELHI: The last lap of the race for who takes over from A P Singh as the CBI chief next month promises to be interesting, with the Delhi Police Commissioner Neeraj Kumar moving the Central Administrative Tribunal (CAT) against being benched on grounds of a pending court matter against him.The CAT will hear the matter on November 23.Kumar, a 1976 officer of UT cadre, who had a nine-year eventful stint with the CBI, ranked third in terms of seniority among the six names suggested by CBI director A P Singh for succeeding him. He had appeared a strong contender for the coveted job before the Chief Vigilance Commissioner (CVC)-led selection panel excluded him from consideration because of a case pending against him in the Delhi High Court.So, while the names of two senior-most officers \u00e2\u20ac\u201d ITBP director-general Ranjit Sinha and National Investigation Agency (NIA) chief S C Sinha \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the exclusion of Kumar's name paved the way for inclusion of the fourth senior-most candidate, DG (Home Guards), Uttar Pradesh, Atul in the panel.The case against Kumar relates to a petition filed by Vijay Agarwal, being investigated by the CBI in a disproportionate assets case along with his brother, the controversial ex-ED official Ashok Agarwal, seeking a direction for filing a police complaint against Kumar and another CBI officer Vinod Kumar Pandey for criminal intimidation and illegal confinement of an accused.Government sources have justified the \"red card\" because of the embarrassment UPA suffered when P J Thomas's appointment as Chief Vigilance Commissioner (CVC) was cancelled because of a pending criminal case. \"Even if the decision seemed slightly unfair on Kumar, the selection panel feared his suitability for the CBI director's post could eventually be challenged in the court,\" said a senior government official.However, others argued that the two cases are as different as apples and oranges. \"Unlike Thomas, the case against Kumar is not that of alleged personal corruption. The case is against the CBI\", said a senior official source, stressing that Kumar has been cleared in all the in-house investigations conducted by the CBI. Interestingly, he got a clean chit based on investigation by S C Sinha, who now heads the NIA.Vijay Agarwal alleged in that they were criminally intimidated by a CBI Inspector directly at Kumar's instance. They even claimed that after he had intimidated them, the Inspector concerned called up Kumar in their presence to inform him that his (Kumar's) instructions had been carried out. Based on the complaint, Justice R C Jain of the Delhi HC on his last day on the bench ordered a probe against Kumar. The order struck many because Justice Jain had asked for the investigation against the senior CBI officer to be conducted by Delhi Police's Special Cell and by an officer of a rank not below that of ACP.It was stayed by a two-judge bench of the High Court.Those who feel that Kumar should not have been passed over feel that the selection panel neither failed to take into account that vested interests often use \"motivated and mala-fide\" complaints as weapons, or that both the CrPC as well as the Delhi Police Special Establish Act which governs the CBI seek to protect officers against such risks.They fault the \"play-it-safe\" reasoning of the selection committee also because it implies his mere inclusion in the panel would have automatically guaranteed Kumar the leadership.\" It is like saying that a decision in favour of Kumar was ordained had he stayed in contention\", said an official, arguing that the selection panel should have left for the government to decide instead of prejudging the matter itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17302314", "title": "Guinness record for tallest idol in making", "text": "TRICHY: A Sthapathi near Kumbakonam is attempting an entry into the Guinness Books of World Records by erecting a 23-feet high, 12 tonne Nataraj statue, which when completed as per the agama rules will be the world's tallest Nataraj idol. The state government's award-winning Sthapathi Varadaraj from Thimmakkudi created the mould with 800 kg of candle wax in May, 2010 and work is in progress to make the panchaloha idol at an estimated cost of Rs 1.25 crore.Having studied up to 10th standard, Sthapathi Varadaraj, 29, was chosen as the \"best handicrafts craftsman\" by the Poompuhar Handicrafts Development Corporation thrice between 1998 and 2006. Spurred by this achievement, he set out make the then tallest panchaloha Nataraj with a height of 11 feet in 2003. However, the record was broken by someone else, who made a 12-feet-high idol. This time, Varadaraj set his sights at a height of 23-feet and started work on it in March 2006.Without support from sponsors, he set out to make the idol with 60 workers and three giant cranes. Varadaraj told TOI that he would sell it to the highest bidder and the proceeds will be shared between him and the sponsor. According to him, three-fourths of the work is completed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17302784", "title": "Adventure rally to bepart of Wagh Utsav", "text": "NAGPUR: The 2013 edition of Wagh Utsav is set to become bigger and better with a tiger country adventure rally around the national parks and wildlife sanctuaries in central India.In its endeavour to take Wagh Utsav beyond Nagpur, Vidarbha Economic Development (VED) Council has teamed up with Vidarbha Automotive Racing Association (VARA) to come up with tiger rally.While the various events will be carried out under Wagh Utsav, the rally will be held around the forests of central India, including Pench, Bandhavgarh, Kanha, Tadoba and others.\"The Wagh Utsav will be held between February 17 and 23 next year. Other than Nagpur, this year we have planned to take it to national parks of the central India tiger country. There, we have collaborated with the resorts where events will be held. We are also trying to rope in celebrities and TV channels,\" said Rahul Upagnlawar, secretary general, VED.He said the idea of the rally around the forests was to promote tourism in the region. \"Participants from all over India, who also take part in various other motor rallies and competitions, will take part. This rally will expose them to our forests and they will in turn recommend our forest areas to their colleagues and friends,\" Upagnlawar said.Mehernosh Mavalwala, president, VARA, said, \"We have divided the event into two parts. One is adventure rally which is a competition and the other is adventure safari. While the latter is open to everyone, adventure rally has certain conditions, the basic of which is the minimum age of 16.\"He said the competition will be based on time-distance-speed (TDS) format and conducted as per the national competition rules of Federation of Motorsports Club of India.The fee for competing in the rally will start from Rs36,000, depending on the time of registration and the type of entry - individual, corporate or sponsored. Further details about the event and entry forms can be collected from the offices of VED, Gopal Nagar and VARA, Sadar. Forms can also be downloaded from the official website of VARA.The rally will pass through a 2,000km route around the various forests of central India and will kick-start from Kasturchand Park on February 17. It will be a seven-day, six-night event starting with seven legs. The first destination will be Pachmarhi, followed by Bandhavgarh, Kanha, Pench, Melghat, Bor and Tadoba.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17306008", "title": "Under-16 girls disappoint at state rural games", "text": "LUDHIANA: The Ludhiana contingent had a disappointing outing winning only a single gold medal at the three-day Punjab State Rural Games for U-16 girls that concluded on Tuesday at the Multi-purpose Sports Stadium in Bathinda.The only gold for Ludhiana, which came in shot-put, was won by Ravneet Kaur on the first day with her throw of 8.58m. Other individual medals for Ludhiana include a bronze in long jump by Navjot Kaur and a bronze medal in judo (70kg) by Bavleen Kaur.In the team events, Ludhiana got a bronze each in Volleyball and Kabaddi, defeating Sangrur in the former and Mansa in the latter.The U-16 girls from Ludhiana finished second with 14 points in the overall team championship of boxing behind Bathinda girls, who managed 22 points. While the overall trophy was lifted by Tarn Taran with a total of 16 points, host Bathinda and Jalandhar shared the second spot with 13 points each.On the final day of the event, Preetika Singh of Hoshiarpur proved to be the fastest U-16 girl of the state winning the 100m gold clocking 13.34 seconds. In basketball, Jalandhar defeated Amritsar by 39-34 to clinch the gold and Sangrur defeated Mansa 33-29 to win the bronze medal match. Mukatsar Sahib bagged the gold in volleyball by defeating Mansa 3-1 whereas in Kho-Kho, SAS Nagar outplayed Patiala by a point to walk away with the gold medal. Ferozepur tasted defeat in handball finals from Tarn Taran but overpowered Bathinda to win the kabaddi final at 41-39. Amritsar ousted Mansa in a one-sided hockey final winning the match 4-0.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17301839", "title": "Cooperative banks' impasse: HC summons senior officials", "text": "LUCKNOW: Giving a ray of hope to lakhs of account holders in cooperative banks across UP whose money is blocked in these banks owing to financial crunch, the Lucknow bench has expressed displeasure over the issue and summoned principal secretary of cooperative department, joint secretary in the Central government, managing director of RBI Lucknow and NABARD chairman on November 27.The court warned principal secretary cooperative and Centre's finance secretary to issue directives to deduct the interest on deposits of account holders from officials' salary and service benefits if the state and Centre do not resolve the dispute to clear the way for payments to account holders who have been waiting for years to withdraw their hard earned deposits.The order came from a bench of Justice Uma Nath Singh and Justice VK Dixit on the petition filed by one SN Pandey.The Centre and state had agreed to release funds to the cooperative banks to enable them to clear the deposits. The Centre has not paid its share and blamed the state whereas the RBI conformed the fact but added that the state has also not fulfilled its responsibility. NABARD is also instrumental in the entire matter to bail out the cooperative banks. Irked with the blame game, the court issued the above directives on Tuesday.The petitioner had said that the cooperative banks were reeling under acute financial crunch and because of apathy of the governments account holders are not able to withdraw their deposits. The court said it appears that the account holders have to suffer without any fault.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17302452", "title": "Heart-rending wails rend the air", "text": "PATNA: The dark and dingy slums in the Lohanipur area on Tuesday reverberated with wails of sorrow as most of the victims of the stampede at Adalat Ghat on Monday evening hailed from this locality.Twelve-year-old Sunita Kumari was among those dead. The brightest among her three siblings, she was a big help to her father Srikant Thakur, who is a barber at a salon in Kadamkuan, when she was alive. But fate ordained otherwise, and she accompanied her neighbour Malti Devi, a parvaitin, to the ghat, never to return.According to Malti Devi, it was Sunita's first Chhath puja in Patna for every Chhath she along with her family used to visit their native place. While her grief-stricken father wailed inconsolably, a sense of guilt could be seen writ large on the faces of Malti and her family members for taking the neighbour's child to the ghat.\"The government says 16 people died. It must have paid Rs 32 lakh as compensation to the kin at the rate of Rs 2 lakh... But every such family would have been happier had the government spent the amount on a strong bridge in place of the hastily-laid bamboo bridge worth Rs 1.36 lakh,\" said Sanjay Kumar , a relative of Malti who was at the spot, taking the injured to PMCH. Sanjay said most of the people died after they reached the hospital due to negligence on the part of hospital authorities.\"Sunita had been my best friend ever since she came to live here with her family. She was also very good in studies and sometimes helped me with difficulties in my studies,\" said Sunita's 13-year-old friend Shivani.The parents and siblings of Suman Kumari, a resident of East Lohanipur, were equally distraught. Her father is a plumber who could hardly earn Rs 3000 a month for his six-member family. The aggrieved family's only demand from the administration is a job for Suman's father. \"The nightmarish memories of this Chhath will haunt us till our death. We will never do Chhath puja now,\" said a family member.Suman's aunt Laghni Devi was among those who were badly injured in the stampede. An amount of Rs 7000 had been spent on her treatment, which is too big an amount for her family whose total earning is not more than Rs 4000 per month. But they had not received any help from the government till Tuesday evening.Sanjay Das's family lost two members: his wife Manti Devi and their youngest son Manish Kumar. \"Manti had been observing Chhath fast for seven years,\" her husband told this reporter in choked voice and added \"ab koi Chhath nahi karega mere ghar mein kyunki Chhath karne wali hi chali gayee\".\"Mere pota bahut hoshiyar tha... Fatuha mein hostel mein rahta tha aur English school mein padhta tha,\" said Manish's grandmother. Manish was to return to his hostel on Tuesday with his elder brother. \"He went instead to God's hostel from where he will never come back,\" said Manish's father.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17302985", "title": "14 killed and 30 injured in a mishap", "text": "JAIPUR: At least 14 people were killed in three separate road accidents in the state in 24 hours since Monday night and 30 others injured. According to the police, nine people were killed when a car rammed into a stationary truck near Prithvipura in Jodhpur district at 11 pm on Monday. The collision was so terrible that all the injured died on the spot. Though a rescue team rushed to the spot and took out the trapped passengers, none could be saved, police added.In another road accident during early hours on Tuesday five youngsters on a motorbike were killed after a rashly driven truck hit them. The deceased were identified as Ved Prakash (18), Kalu (20) and Kamlesh Koli (21) while two are yet to be identified, police said.A case was also registered against the driver of the truck who managed to flee from the scene. The truck was carrying sacks full of foodgrain. After the accident some of the sacks also fell on the motorbike riders, police said.In the third road accident 30 passengers of a Rajasthan State Roadways Transport Corporation bus (RSRTC) were injured when the bus overturned near Mahi bridge. Nearly 50 passengers were in the bus when the driver lost control while driving on the slop of the road.The incident took place at 5.45 am. A rescue team comprising police and other officers rushed to the spot and took all the injured to the government hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17302360", "title": "Friends strangle 14-year-old, bury body", "text": "KOLKATA: Three teenagers were arrested for murdering their 14-year-old friend following a feud over the subscription of a Kali Puja at Habra in North 24-Parganas. Police said the accused strangled their friend to death and buried his body.Police said the victim Nripen Mondal was a student of class VIII of a local school. He went missing since November 13. His father Nityananda, a local garments trader, had lodged a missing complaint with Habra police station.Nityananda said that the four had a fight over the subscription on the day of Kali Puja. \"A scuffle broke out between them before the Kali Puja too. At that time, I intervened and pacified them,\" said Nityananda.On November 13, Nripen reportedly left home along with the accused \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Neuton Mondal, Sourav Biswas and Biswajit Bairagi. When Nripen did not return till late at night, his parents started searching for him at the neighbouring places, but got no trace of Nripen.On the next day, his father lodged a missing complaint with the Habra police station. \"I was suspecting these three boys and made a specific complaint against them on Sunday,\" said Nityananda. On the basis of the complaint, police picked up the accused and during interrogation, they broke down and confessed that Nripen was murdered by them. \"On November 13 night, the accused took Nripen to a deserted place, around 1km from their locality, and strangled him,\" said an investigator. In order to hide all the evidences, the three then dug up a pit and buried Nripen's body.On Tuesday afternoon, police took the accused to the spot and they identified the place where the body was buried. Police recovered the decomposed body of the victim and sent it for post mortem. \"We are probing from all aspects, how and why these teenagers committed such a heinous crime in a professional manner,\" said a senior officer of North 24 Parganas district police.On the night of November 13, the accused took the victim to a deserted place, around 1km from their locality, and strangled him, said police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17302704", "title": "Thieves break three locks in Ranip, leave empty-handed", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Thieves tried to break into three flats in a society in Ranip on Monday night but could not steal anything. One of the houses belonged to a police constable.According to Ranip police officials, on Tuesday residents of Samta Society in Keshavnagar reported broken locks on doors of H3, H5 and H8 flats. The locks had apparently been broken with crowbars on Monday night. Bhikhabhai Rawal, a constable posted in Dang, informed city police about the failed break-ins.\"While occupants of two flats were out during the festive season, one flat was locked for a long time. We suspect that the group might have fled from the spot after sensing presence of the residents,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17302969", "title": "Yash Bhojane, Shreyas Kemkar put VN Sule in command", "text": "MUMBAI: Yash Bhojane (112) and Shreyas Kemkar (104) hammered tons as IES VN Sule Guruji kicked-off their Harris Shield (elite division) title chase in grand fashion. They bowled out St Mary's ICSE (Mazgaon) for18 before ending Day One at 305-2.Kemkar, in particular, put on a fantastic show, turning up with figures of 3-2 as the Mazgaon school offered no resistance against the Sule bowling attack. The spells also saw Atharva Chavan (3-5) and Hemramb Parab (3-0) pick three wickets each. Ruthless in their batting, Bhojane and Kemkar took Mary's attack to the cleaners to post a total that assures them of a positive start to the season.In another game, defending champions Rizvi Springfield (Bandra) were bowled out for 184 in their 1st innings against Swami Vivekanand with only Prithvi Shaw (45) chipping in valuable runs. Ratandeep Chavan (4-49) was the pick of the bowlers for Vivekanand. In reply, Vivekanand ended the day at 131-4.Shardashram Vidyamandir (Dadar) had a forgetful day, tottering at 57-9 after half centuries from Umash Sheth (84) and Atharva Poojari (55) saw Swami Vivekanand (Kandivali) put on a 1st innings total of 252. An impressive bowling spell by Vivekanand's Bhavya Thakkar (5-20) has left Shardashram with a mountain to chase and the boys from Dadar will have to hope for an unlikely miracle on Day Two.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "17302580", "title": "Communal tension in Naxal stronghold", "text": "GAYA: Communal tension prevailed in Naxal-hit Dumaria police station area of the district following alleged attack on a place of worship at Seura village and skirmishes between villagers belonging to two different groups during Chhath festivities, late on Monday evening.According to Gaya SSP Vinay Kumar, the situation was fully under control and City SP Akhtar Hussain and Sherghati SDPO Rajesh Kumar were camping in the village to organize peace committee meet and remove the misgivings between two sections of the villagers. Extra vigilance was being maintained as the area has heavily been mined by the Maoists with IEDs and police officers have been advised caution, said the SSP. Seura village is in close proximity to the place where an anti-landmine vehicle was ambushed by the Maoists a few weeks back through a series of land mine blasts in which a half-a-dozen CRPF personnel lost their lives.Maoists regional committee spokesperson Manas (not real name) rang up TOI to allege that the police was distinctly inactive in combating the communal elements and arrived at the place of occurrence, more than 12 hours after violent incidents, even though the police camp was located at a very short distance from the village. Police forces will now use the tension alibi to prolong their stay in the vicinity in the name of 'Peace Keeping' alleged the Maoist leader.The Maoist leader also said that besides brokering peace between the two groups, the outfit will organizea kangaroo court for the trial and punishment of what he called 'agent provocateurs' engaged in spreading hatred among the members of the two communities.The Maoists, it may be recalled organized a Jan Adalat, recently to punish B Chaudhary, husband of Meena Devi, the local Mukhiya and supporters of the local MLA and Speaker Udai Narain Chaudhary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "krishnagiri", "code": "17302180", "title": "Driver falls off bus, crushed to death", "text": "KRISHNAGIRI: In a accident that took place in Krishnagiri district late on Monday, a government driver fell off the bus he was driving and was crushed to death under its rear wheels.P Shahjahan, 53, from Ariakulam village in Dharmapuri district, was a driver in the Salem division of the Tamil Nadu State Transport Corporation.The bus was on its way from Krishnagiri to Karuthamarapatty with 40 passengers. When it neared Old Payanapalli, a two-wheeler crossed the road. To avoid hitting it, he swerved the bus to the left.The vehicle hit a mound of soil, causing the driver's door to open. Shahjahan slipped and fell off the bus. As the bus was still in motion, the rear wheels crushed him, said conductor S Mathu.The bus eventually hit a tamarind tree and came to a stop, police said. None of the passengers was injured.The conductor immediately informed higher officials and the Krishnagiri Dam police, who sent the body to the Krishnagiri government hospital for autopsy. \"Based on the conductor's complaint we have registered a case,\" police said.Mathu said Shahjahan was actually driving slowly when the accident happened.\"Two weeks ago, on way to Krishnagiri, Shahjahan rammed a roadside tree near Veppanapalli. Two passengers were injured and Shajahan sustained minor injuries. After the accident, he went on medical leave for 15 days and joined duty on Monday,\" said a TNSTC official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17304198", "title": "Locals upset over bad roads", "text": "ALLAHABAD: People have expressed resentment over bad shape of roads during Muharram when processions are taken out. Devotees are facing considerable problems while taking out processions as they have to move on the dilapidated roads.A meeting of Janata Dal (United) was organized in which leaders expressed anger over continuous negligence of Allahabad Municipal Corporation authorities over road repair work.Addressing the meeting, general secretary of JD(U) Mohd Nafees Ansari said that the main lanes and bylanes on which the Muharram processions are taken out are in deteriorating condition.The areas in which the condition of the roads have worsened include Kareli, Ghausnagar, Shamsnagar, karamat Ki Chowki, Rasoolpur, Atala, dariyabad, Noorullah Road, Bakshi Bazar, Rani Mandi, Chowk and Karbala. The road in front of the Gulab Bari police outpost is also in bad state. The leaders have warned of protests if efforts are not made for undertaking road repair work. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17300799", "title": "Security report on Thackerays in 2 days: RR Patil", "text": "MUMBAI: The security arrangements of late Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray and his family members will be reviewed and a detailed report is expected in two days, home minister R R Patil said on Tuesday.Informally speaking to the media in his office in Mantralaya, Patil said, \"I will get the report in two days. Security cover will be provided to the Thackeray clan on the basis of the recommendations made in this report. As per the requirement, security personnel will be deployed and, if needed, the additional staff will be withdrawn,\" Patil added.TOI on Tuesday reported that government will withdraw Thackeray's security in phases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17304378", "title": "Rly helpline to check fire mishaps on trains", "text": "ALLAHABAD: To prevent fire accidents on trains, the North Central Railway has launched a helpline number where passengers can give information about any inflammable material on board trains.The helpline number -- 9794835916 - is that of the Headquarters Security Control of NCR. The passengers can also send their complaints or information through SMS on this number.NCR chief public relations officer Sandeep Mathur said this would help in minimising fire mishaps on trains. He said NCR is also spreading awareness about this number through stickers and pamphlets.The service has been started at the behest of Railway Board chairman who had directed for a mobile phone number which can be assessed by passengers or railway staff through call/SMS to convey information regarding inflammable articles on board trains.Railways has been concerned about the incidents involving fire in coaches which have led to loss of human lives. Inquiries have revealed that such incidents have been caused due to illegal carriage of inflammable articles by some passengers, and can be prevented to a large extent if railways gets timely information.In this connection, Railway Board has decided that there should a provision of a mobile number in each zone which can be accessed through call/SMS by co-passengers/ railway staff to facilitate checks by GRP at the next/closest en route station.The communication system introduced should enable conveying of such information simultaneously to the divisions/zone control officer, chief safety officer for prompt action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17302294", "title": "Cyclists set out for green GDP", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17303017", "title": "Amreli BJP leader dies in accident", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17301427", "title": "Bal Thackeray ashes to be immersed in Godavari", "text": "NASHIK: Shiv Sena supremo Bal Thackeray's ashes will be immersed in the Godavari in Nashik. Local Sena leaders said the immersion would likely be on November 23.Thackeray was declared dead on Saturday afternoon and was cremated on Sunday evening in Mumbai following which the ashes were kept in Mumbai for a day for public homage. Sena district president Vijay Karanjkar and leader Jayant Dinde were in Mumbai to discuss the immersion in Nashik. After a meeting with the party's leaders in Mumbai on Tuesday it was decided that the ashes would be taken to various places near Nashik before being brought to the city.Karanjkar told TOI that on Tuesday evening the ashes will be taken around the Ghoti-Igatpuri area in a procession and then kept at the Sena's office till 9pm for citizens to pay homage.\"We will proceed to Sinnar from Bhagur and will keep the ashes for people to pay homage tomorrow at Sinnar and Trimbakeshwar. After that we will bring it to the Shiv Sena office in Nashik. We cannot say for sure if we can bring it to Nashik tomorrow because we are not sure of how much time we may have to spend at neighbouring places,\" he said. \"The date for immersion will be finalized following a meeting of Sena leaders,\" Karanjkar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17305943", "title": "Sivaji 3D to release on Superstar's birthday", "text": "The conversion of Superstar Rajinikanth's 2007-hit 'Sivaji' into the 3D format is over and it is set to hit the screens on the Superstar's birthday, 12th December.There has been a fair amount of hype for the 3D version of Sivaji ever since its news emerged. A press meet was held some time back where the 3D trailer of Sivaji was showcased and the amount of work that had gone into this 3D version was also detailed.3D is touted to be the future of cinema and ' Sivaji ' in 3D is said to be on a par with Hollywood standards. This film is now all set to hit the screens for Rajinikanth's birthday in about 400 screens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17302185", "title": "Water Board to set up own pumping station at Sunkishala", "text": "HYDERABAD: Civil works on an intake pumping station at Sunkishala in Nalgonda district will begin soon. The Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) has entrusted the job of preparing the detailed project report (DPR) to Tata Consulting Engineers (TCE) Ltd.On November 9, the TCE representatives had given a PowerPoint presentation to HMWS&SB; managing director J Syamala Rao on the head works to be taken up at Sunkishala. \"Originally, the Water Board has proposed to construct an independent intake pumping station at Sunkishala with the Puttangandi cistern, which is maintained by the irrigation department, suffering breaches regularly. The board has been drawing 180 million gallons per day (MGD) raw water from the Krishna through the cistern to supply to the city under the Krishna project phase I and II,\" HMWS&SB; director, projects, M Satyanarayana told TOI.In July, the cistern's wall had collapsed and the irrigation department took up repairs. After that, the Water Board proposed to construct an independent intake pumping station at Sunkishala.The pumping station would be located 17 km from the cistern at Puttangandi. The government has accepted the proposal and also gave the green signal for its construction. It also linked the proposal with the Krishna phase-III project, being funded by Hudco to the tune of Rs 1,500 crore. The Water Board would spend Rs 200 crore for the pumping station at Sunkishala.\"We have asked TCE to submit detailed project report by November-end,\" the official said adding \"Once we get the DPR, tenders will be floated.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17301707", "title": "Entrance test for Sainik school", "text": "The entrance examination for admission to Class VI and Class IX in Sainik School Satara for the year 2013-14 will be held on January 6, 2013. The last date for receipt of the application is December 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17303227", "title": "Every year, Greenland is losing 200m tonnes of ice", "text": "WASHINGTON: Greenland is losing an average of 200 million tonnes of ice every year since 2003, which could have a big impact on sea levels, scientists claim. The latest analysis by scientists studying the changing mass of the island using satellite data backs the previously reported trend without even including the last two summers of record-breaking ice melts.\"Greenland is really the place where everyone agrees that (the ice melt) is definitely accelerating with time and there is a big contribution to sea level rise,\" said researcher Isabella Velicogna of the University of California (UCI).Velicogna is an expert at analysing the same kind of data used in this most recent study: from the Gravity Recovery and Climate Experiment (GRACE) which can detect mass changes on the surface of the Earth over time, the 'Discovery News' reported. GRACE does this by detecting subtle increases and decreases in gravity, which is directly related to the mass below the two orbiting GRACE satellites.Roughly, 200 million tonnes of ice is the amount needed to fill enough railroad coal cars to encircle the Earth. Princeton University researcher Chris Harig and Frederik Simons applied a new method to analysing the GRACE data. They found that during 2003 and 2004, mass loss was centred along the eastern coast of Greenland.From 2005 to 2006, mass loss dropped in the northeast but rose in the southeast. Meanwhile, more mass was lost along the northwest coast, especially from 2007-2010.\"The study confirms what we already knew,\" says Eric Rignot, an Earth systems science professor at UCI and scientist at Nasa's jet propulsion lab. \"The authors use a new decomposition, but the sources of error and corrections are essentially the same as for other studies,\" said Harig.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17304750", "title": "Teetotaller Akshay endorses alcohol but for \u00e2\u20ac\u02dccharity\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "The actor, who chose to stay away from tobacco and liquor for 22 years, will give 50 per cent of his earnings to charitable causesAkshay Kumar had often spoken about the vices of tobacco and alcohol. After turning down a lucrative gutkha deal, the actor, in an interview to a news daily said, \"I am the father of an impressionable young boy who watches TV. I can understand if parents get upset on seeing a celebrity promoting harmful products like alcohol or tobacco.\"And thus, we were surprised to see him endorsing a well-known liquor brand. We learnt that the actor has taken up the new assignment solely for the money - not for himself, but for the needy.Dirty money, but a clean heart - that's more or less what a source told us about Akki's latest endorsement. \"Akshay will give out 50 per cent of his remuneration in charity. He does a lot of charity work. But never likes to talk about them,\" said the source. Surely enough, when we tried to get in touch with the actor, he remained unavailable for comment.Reportedly, Akshay had donated Rs1.5 crore for the construction of an additional floor at Mumbai Police's cancer rest house. He even gave Rs 2 crore to the Ice Hockey Association of India during the making of Speedy Singhs . Apart from this, he contributed Rs 50 lakh to Salman Khan's Being Human Foundation and Rs 5 lakh to a participant on a reality television show.While many may think that Akshay's teetotaller image may not gel well with an alcoholic product, the brand managers are surely not among them.According to sources, Akshay has been offered a hefty amount for the endorsement. In fact, the charity amount adds up to a few crore.Also, thankfully for the actor who had once claimed, \"I don't touch cigarettes or liquor. I go to the gym regularly and run in the mornings. I have sustained this regime for the last 22 years. I guess that says a lot about the benefits of staying away from vices like alcohol and tobacco.\"He would only be seem holding packaged drinking water bottles in the commercials since it's unlawful to advertise alcohol in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17302355", "title": "Zambian arrested for credit card fraud", "text": "KOLKATA: Three fraudsters, including a Zambian national, were arrested for allegedly making counterfeit credit cards. Officers of Kolkata Police's bank fraud section have rounded up the Zambian national from a new Market hotel and then tracked down two of his local aides.The arrested Zambian has been identified as 33-year-old Zabriel Martin. His two local associates, Moushad Ali Khan and Zubair Hossain, are from Taltala and Topsia areas respectively.Police said that on November 15, Martin arrived in the city from Delhi and contacted his aides. Probe revealed that for long Zabriel is involved in faking credit cards and had old connection with these two city-based youths. Detective department officers claimed that the trio was planning to dupe several institutes by using fake credit cards.\"They used to buy the card details of different credit cards active in Europe and other western countries through card forgery rackets. Then they used to paste the copy of the original card details into blank plastic cards to make a clone of the original cards,\" said an officer. Earlier, New Market Police had rounded up three Bihar-based youths for their alleged involvement in a credit card fraud racket.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17301888", "title": "Now, lascars to be trained in diving", "text": "KOCHI: The state water transport department will train its staff employed in boats in diving and handling emergency situations. As a first step, all lascars with the department will be given training.The department provided training to lascars from Kochi along with a few others in diving in Alappuzha a few months back. In Kochi, it has around 50 lascars, including permanent employees and daily wagers.The lascars would be trained by those who underwent the three-day training held in Alappuzha, officials said. The department also aims at training staff to recover articles lost in water.The department was not able to recover radars and propellers due to the lack of skilled people. Earlier, it had divers to recover such items, according to officials. But now the department is facing a shortage of trained personnel. \"We are yet to use diving suits that have received. It was provided as a precautionary step and with an aim to make the staff of the department more capable,\" said Joseph Xavier, superintendent, Kerala state water transport department.The diving suit kit, which arrived in the office of the department a few months ago, includes swimming suits, masks, oxygen cylinders, knives, headlights and torches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17305787", "title": "Kasab was a pawn used by masterminds: Ram Kapoor", "text": "In the wake of 26/11 Pakistani terrorist Mohammed Ajmal Amir Kasab's hanging this morning in Pune's Yerwada jail, actor Ram Kapoor (seen in Bade Ache Lagte Hain) reacts.\"To be honest, I am feeling mixed emotions. Even though his crimes were heinous I can't seem to forget that he was just a kid. The real culprits are the people that were controlling the entire event by phone and those people are very much alive. We can never disregard what Kasab did but we must also remember that he was merely a 19 year old pawn being used by the masterminds that are still at large.\"\"I can't imagine what Kasab's parents are going through right now,\" he added further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "17302105", "title": "Punjab Institute of Medical Sciences yet to start BPL cell", "text": "JALANDHAR: While the working of the Punjab Institute of Medical Sciences (PIMS) is already suffering due to failure of the management to pay salaries to the doctors and rest of the staff, the facility for free treatment of BPL patients has also not been started.As per the concessionaire agreement with the Punjab government, a special BPL cell was to be started, in which they would be getting free treatment. The government was to reimburse the expenses on their treatment, but the PIMS Medical and Education Charitable Society, which is headed by state rural development minister Surjit Singh Rakhra, could not start the facility even as it was handed over the reins of the Institute in 2009.While the PIMS was to charge fee according to PGI rates, the government had kept special provision for BPL patients at the institute. Sources disclosed that, as the institute has been grappling with financial crisis, the management did not focus on opening this cell and rather the rest of the functioning of the institute was also getting derailed.However, when contacted PIMS resident director Raj Shekhar said things were ready from their side and they were waiting for inspection from PIMS director, Dr Bimal Sekri, a government appointee, after which the cell would be operational.Dr Bimal Sekhri said a protocol for BPL patients was being finalized. He said that inspection was being done every three months and there was no delay due to this part, but the PIMS society was to work on other things before starting the cell.Minister Rakhra was not available for comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17304822", "title": "Pankaj Kapur, Shabana Azmi get \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcflirty\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 at 55", "text": "Pankaj Kapur and Shabana Azmi will play sexually active 55-plus people in Vishal Bhardwaj's Matru Ke Bijli Ka Mandola.According to a source, \"Both Pankaj and Shabana have never played such characters before. Pankaj plays Anushka Sharma's father but he behaves as if he is younger than her boyfriend Imran Khan . He flirts with Shabana and she just doesn't seem to mind.\"The source added that the two actors were initially hesitant. \"It wasn't so much about the intimacy but the age factor which made it a little daunting. However they sailed through their parts.\"Reportedly, Pankaj Kapur's character is partly inspired by Vijay Mallya .\"You will see the same larger-than-life flamboyance in Pankaj and even the get-up including the beard is the same,\" concluded the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17301142", "title": "More grants for released prisoners", "text": "NEW DELHI: The state government has announced double rehabilitation grants to released prisoners and an additional amount of Rs 5,000 to women prisoners on their release.\"The CM made an observation that the rehabilitation grant for a released prisoner should be revised during a sentence review meeting. Consequently, we received an order from the state government for the same,\" said Tihar law officer and spokesperson Sunil Gupta. The quantum of the rehabilitation grant would depend upon the period of incarceration.The CM had instructed the home department to review the existing rehabilitation grant in view of the present inflationary trend. \"After due consideration the CM decided to effect 100% hike in the existing rehabilitation grant. Further, women prisoners would be given and additional amount of Rs 5,000 as a token of affirmative consideration to them,\" said a senior government official.The prisoners released after an incarceration period of six months to five years would be paid grant of Rs 30,000 while those in jail for five to 10 years would been entitled to Rs 40,000 grant, said officials. The grant would be Rs 50,000 for those imprisoned for more than 10 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17300456", "title": "Issue bar licences: HC to TASMAC", "text": "CHENNAI: Claming that tender forms for TASMAC bar licences in the state were being denied to bonafide and prospective bidders, many writ petitions have been filed in the Madras high court.Justice R Sudhakar on Tuesday directed the TASMAC management to issue tender applications or forms to aspirants immediately. The tender notification for grant of bar licence to sell eatable items and to collect empty bottles in TASMAC bar was issued on November 2.The tender forms were to be issued from November 5 to November 22. According to the petitioners, though they had been waiting since November 5, they were not issued applications. They were also unable to download the forms from the official website.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17303113", "title": "Population of sun catfish found in north Western Ghats", "text": "PUNE: Researchers from the state have stumbled upon a population of sun catfish or yellow catfish further north in the Western Ghats of Maharashtra. Until now, the species was restricted to the west flowing rivers of Kerala and Karnataka.It's confirmed that the species was indigenous to this area and not a recent introduction, thus extending the species distribution range by 180 km. The researchers have also documented the possible threats to this endemic species, prominent among them being exploitation of the wild immature population for aquarium trade.City-based Indian Institute of Science Education and Research (IISER), the Bombay Natural History Society, department of zoology, Elphinstone College, Mumbai, the Central Institute of Fisheries Education, Mumbai and Zoo Outreach Organization, Coimbatore were involved in the research. Field surveys were conducted in Gad river basin of Sindhudurg district located in south Konkan region of the state. Gad river is one of the west flowing rivers in north Western Ghats.Neelesh Dahanukar of IISER said that the sun catfish or Horabagrus brachysoma, is heavily targeted by artisanal fishermen in inland waters of southern Western Ghats because of which it has now become vulnerable to over-exploitation.\"Multiple stress factors like over-exploitation of wild stock for commercial fishery and international aquarium pet trade, habitat alteration, pollution and minimum population-doubling time have resulted in population decline in its native occurrence ranges; as a result of which this species has been listed under 'vulnerable' category in IUCN Redlist,\" he said, adding that the research also gives a detailed account of the newly-found population's behavior.Based on personal observations and discussions with the local fishermen Dahanular said that extensive fishing of the sun cat fish, locally called as 'Ghag', is carried out during monsoon.He added that since monsoon is the breeding season of the species, extensive fishing in early monsoon may alter the population structure of the catfish. \"A seasonal ban on riverine fishery during breeding season may safe-guard the species. Also, captive breeding programs for the species may help overcome the threat due to aquarium trade,\" he added.The research, which was recently published in an international journal, further noted that extensive riparian deforestation by slash and burn technique for mango and cashew cultivation, use of excessive pesticides in farms and nearby mango plantation, heavy siltation, and laterite boulder quarrying are major threats to the species in the area.\"Recently constructed large Mahamadwadi dam on the main river channel may block seasonal upstream migration of these fishes. Thus, protection of the site area along with conservation of the species is required,\" said Dahanukar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17302639", "title": "A treat for bird lovers at Sukhna", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Visitors to the regulator-end of Sukhna Lake can now have a closer and better look at the rare birds in the area. A birdwatching facility was inaugurated there by the UT administration on Tuesday.To spread awareness among residents, especially students, about migratory and resident birds of Sukhna Lake in particular and about wetland and its conservation, the department of forest and wildlife will provide the facility of a spotting scope, binoculars, illustrative boards with details of migratory birds, and field guides for bird identification.The administration is also organizing bird-watching trips for school students from November 20 to December 6. As many as 50 school students will go for bird watching at the lake every day.Around 100 students from eco-clubs of Carmel Convent School and Gurukul Global School participated in the programme on Tuesday. They enjoyed bird watching and later learned about the lifecycle of butterflies and their significance in our eco-system at Butterflies Garden, Sector 26.Saurabh Kumar, director conservator of forest (wildlife), said, \"Nobody is allowed to play loud music or burst firecrackers near the lake and the sanctuary, as these might disturb their lifestyle. Prominent migratory and resident birds which can be witnessed at the lake are: Brahmy Duck, Bar-headed Goose, Mallard, Common Pochard, Grey Heron, Purple Heron, Gargney, Gadwal, Great Egret, Common Coot, and Indian Cormorant.\"UT conservator of forests Santosh Kumar said, \"Migratory birds start arriving at the Sukhna wildlife sanctuary from early November and their stay lasts till March or April, depending on the climatic conditions. As these birds are very sensitive, we have made arrangements to make the environment conducive for them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "17305210", "title": "'Microsoft to build experimental biogas-powered data centre'", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Microsoft will build an experimental biogas-powered data centre in the US state of Wyoming in March 2013, in an effort to enable its data centres to be less reliant on the traditional power grid , US media reported.The data centre will be powered by a 300kw fuel cell that uses biogas from a waste water treatment plant and will be \"the first zero carbon data centre\", Sean James, Microsoft's senior research project manager, told technology news website GigaOM in an interview.According to James, the biogas produced at waste water treatment plants is usually burned away because it is uneconomical to collect, transport and use. The Microsoft data centre will be built next to the water facility to enable the fuel cell to capture the biogas on site, reported Xinhua.Brian Janous, Microsoft's utility architect, told GigaOM that water plants could make good sites for small-scale data centres as they are usually close to dense populations.Microsoft might build micro data centres at other water treatment facilities if the experimental project goes well.A data centre is a facility used to house computers, telecommunications and storage systems.As more and more data centres need to be built throughout the world, technology companies are seeking to lower their carbon emissions associated with their data centre energy use.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17301383", "title": "Lift endosulfan ban, exhaust stocks: Panel", "text": "NEW DELHI: An expert body tasked with examining the fate of controversial pesticide endosulfan on Tuesday informed the Supreme Court that the most feasible way of phasing it out was to exhaust the stock of raw material by allowing manufacture, sale and use of the pesticide.Additional solicitor general Gourab Banerjee handed over the response of the Joint Expert Committee in agriculture ministry and the Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) to a bench of Justices Swatanter Kumar and Madan Lokur. The bench reserved order on the suggestions.The court had on May 13 last year ordered a complete ban on the manufacture, sale and use of endosulfan after a PIL by Democratic Youth Federation of India through advocate Deepak Prakash had brought to the court's notice the hazardous effects of the pesticide on human and plant life in Kerala, Karnataka and other states.But the expert committee in its report to the apex court said almost all pesticides used in India had adverse health and biological effects and endosulfan could not be singled out as a rogue pesticide. It also advocated that for increased food grain production, the key to India's food security, use of pesticides was essential.Arguing for continued use of pesticides, the committee said if no further import of raw material for endosulfan was permitted, then existing stock would be exhausted in two years.\"Taking into consideration all facts, the committee felt that to exhaust the available stocks of the raw material, manufacture and use of endosulfan may be permitted for a total period of two years,\" it said and disagreed with the suggestion for destruction of available stock of endosulfan raw material.\"Disposal of existing stocks of endosulfan in available incinerators may take a long duration due to the limited capacity and the cost of disposal would be exorbitant and also prohibitive,\" it said. The Central Pollution Control Board had estimated the cost of incinerating existing stock of endosulfan at Rs 1,200 crore and had informed the court that it would take years to complete the task.The experts said India was committed to discontinue the use of endosulfan over the next five years. Almost all countries which have banned endosulfan have a phase-out plan by its use in agriculture over a period of 2-6 years. Such phasing out allowed the countries to ensure that all available stock was utilized and exhausted completely in a desirable time-frame.The committee said appropriate use of pesticide was essential to ensure adequate production and availability of agricultural commodities for the country's food security. \"Considering the benefit and potential risks, it was felt that the continued use of pesticides is desirable in India,\" it said.dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17301303", "title": "Ship owner to pay dead sailors' families", "text": "CHENNAI: Finally, there is good news for the families of the six sailors who drowned off the city coast while fleeing M T Pratibha Cauvery that ran aground on October 31 before Cyclone Nilam struck. It was towed into the outer sea after 10 days.The oil tanker's owner Sunil Pawar told the Madras high court on Tuesday he would appear before the Shastri Nagar police for inquiry on November 23 and pay interim compensation to the victims' families. A submission was made before Justice N Paul Vasanthakumar when the petitions of the six families came up for hearing.When the stranded ship started drifting due to strong winds, 22 of the 37 crew members deserted the vessel on the captain's orders and tried to reach shore. Six died.Sankara Narayanan, brother of deceased engineer Mohandas, first moved the high court seeking the vessel's arrest. After the high court ordered the detention of the vessel, the other affected families joined.S Prabakaran, counsel for the families, said the owners had not yet complied with the direction that they deposit the interim compensation before the court and cooperate with the investigation. Alleging interference from influential quarters, he said the city police were lethargic and had not converted the case from one of death under suspicious circumstances into culpable homicide not amounting to murder.On Tuesday, the Chennai additional commissioner of police (south zone) filed a status report saying the investigation so far had revealed commission of cognizable offences. \"However, they can be positively concluded only on completion of the investigation which is crippled without documents at present,\" it said.Justice N Paul Vasanthakumar then adjourned the matter to November 26.Sources close to the surviving crew members told TOI they too would approach the high court in a couple of days seeking five-month wages and other arrears.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17301751", "title": "India rejects OIC references to J&K;", "text": "NEW DELHI: India on Tuesday strongly rejected as factually incorrect \"misleading references\" made by the Organization of Islamic Cooperation (OIC) on Jammu &amp; Kashmir in its 39th Session of the Council of Foreign Ministers.\"We note with regret that the Organization of the Islamic Cooperation (OIC) has once again made factually incorrect and misleading references to matters internal to India, including the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir, which is an integral part of India. We reject all such references/resolutions,\" said an official spokesperson in the ministry of external affairs.He was responding to a question on resolutions adopted during the 39th Session of OIC held in Djibouti last week. The OIC resolution said it is \"noting with regret the Indian attempt to malign the legitimate Kashmiri freedom struggle by denigrating it as terrorism and appreciating that the Kashmiris condemn terrorism in all its forms and manifestations\".It also said that \"taking note of the report which confirmed that there are 2, 156 unidentified bodies in mass graves in Indian occupied Kashmir and expressed concern that there is every possibility that the unidentified bodies buried in various unmarked graves at 38 places may contain bodies of enforced disappearance cases because 574 are unidentified\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17303221", "title": "Randhir Singh's candidature legitimate, says ministry", "text": "BANGALORE: Is there a cloud of doubt over Randhir Singh's candidature in the runup to the Indian Olympic Association (IOA) elections? The IOA secretary-general, who is in the race for the post of president in the November 25 polls, has been told by the Union sports ministry that while his candidature is perfectly legitimate according to the letter of the national sports code, it violates the spirit of the code.Randhir had sought a clarification from the ministry last week on whether he would be declared ineligible to contest for the post of president as he had served as IOA's secretary-general for the past five consecutive terms.Sources said the ministry told Randhir that the cooling-off period of four years applied only to those who contested for the same post after having occupied it for a stipulated period. It did not apply in Randhir's case as the code did not bar any candidate standing for a post other than the one he or she occupied.At the same time, the ministry saw a big loophole waiting to be exploited. The code specifies the duration for which the office-bearers -- only the president, secretary and treasurer -- can occupy the post and also mentions the cooling-off period before they can stand for elections to the same post. But the formulators of the code hadn't foreseen the possibility of these office-bearers jumping from one executive post to another only to stay in power.In a counter-affidavit filed at the behest of the Delhi High Court, which is hearing a plea against the election of Anil Khanna as All India Tennis Association (AITA) president, the ministry said that the practice of office-bearers playing musical chairs went against the ethics of the code. Khanna was earlier the secretary of AITA. It also argued that the cooling-off period should apply to all executive posts, including that of the vice-president.The HC hearing in the PIL against Khanna's election, filed by prominent Delhi lawyer Rahul Mehra, is expected to come up next month. In his plea, Mehra had claimed that Khanna's election as president of AITA, after having served as secretary-general for multiple terms, was violative of the sports code.The verdict will form the basis of the amendments to the code that the ministry has planned in the future. \"In its present form, the code has the backing of the judiciary. We don't want to make any changes now as they may be challenged in court. Once we get the HC ruling, we will amend the code so as to make it more comprehensive and legally binding on all sports bodies,\" ministry sources told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17301739", "title": "Gadkari, Vadra likely to dominate Parliament", "text": "NEW DELHI: The winter session of Parliament due to begin on Thursday is likely to be influenced by two persons who are not members of either Lok Sabha or Rajya Sabha.BJP chief Nitin Gadkari and Robert Vadra, the businessman son-in-law of Congress chief Sonia Gandhi, are likely to subjects of heated debate in the light of controversies surrounding them.BJP has indicated that it intends to rake up reports about Vadra's land dealings in a bid to embarrass the government, a move that is bound to send tempers soaring. The main opposition is not likely to hold back as a crucial election in Gujarat nears its climax.However, the controversies surrounding the affairs of the Purti group founded by Gadkari will allow the treasury benches to get even. With Gadkari in the midst of a messy power struggle in the BJP, the ruling party is unlikely to let a juicy offering go by.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17302540", "title": "Chaos, commotion as power cut", "text": "PATNA: The human tragedy that struck the Chhath devotees and their families on Monday in the narrow lane of Adalat Ghat on the bank of river Ganga sent a shock wave across the state. Officials on Tuesday confirmed 16 deaths. The stampede broke out when thousands of devotees with family members and puja materials in big dauras (baskets made of bamboo sticks) over their head were returning towards the main road after the sandhya arghya (oblation to the setting Sun).Most of the deceased were children, including an 18-month-old Ritik of Birla Mandir locality. Scores of injured people were still undergoing treatment in different government and private hospitals.The narrow lane between Bankipur post office and Dental College leading from the Ganga ghat to Ashok Rajpath is heavily encroached by beggars and others who have made their permanent huts. It is the only entry and exit point from the main road to the Adalat Ghat.It is yet not clear what exactly led to the stampede. There was panic after the narrow 'chachri pul' (makeshift bamboo bridge) collapsed on Mahendru Ghat side. But things were under control and the devotees were diverted to another and wide bamboo bridge connecting diara to Mahendru Ghat and also the pontoon bridge at Adalat Ghat. It was after sunset when the power supply was suddenly snapped causing darkness and, probably' the stampede.One eyewitness, Prashuram of Daryapur locality, said, \"There was noise and commotion all around and a couple of aged women fell down on the narrow street that caused the stampede. The power also went off and people, after crossing the pontoon bridge, were running towards the main road.\"An official said somebody informed the Pesu control room over the phone that a naked wire fell on the pontoon bridge and electric current was running all over the bridge. After this information, the electric supply was snapped. But, later, it turned out a rumour. The same rumour was reportedly spread among the devotees who were still on the bridge and it caused the stampede. \"The stampede had nothing to do with the bridges,\" a senior government official said.All the victims were trampled to death or sustained injuries, said a victim, Radhe Shyam, who was frantically looking for his teenaged daughter Varsha and feared she might have died. \"Everybody was running towards south as if trying to escape death,\" said Murli, a volunteer of one puja samiti. \"It was total chaos and everyone was concerned about self,\" he added.People's anger spilled over Ashok Rajpath as devotees and onlookers created chaos and vented their ire against the state government and local administration. There were people who openly criticized chief minister Nitish Kumar and his deputy Sushil Kumar Modi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17301172", "title": "By January 2013, Western Railway to roll out 55 new services", "text": "MUMBAI: Western Railway is all set to generate more room for an additional five lakh commuters as it plans to introduce 55 services gradually by January 2013. Also, 26 nine-car services that have been augmented to 12-car ones will be made operational from Wednesday.With this, the total number of 12-car services on WR has gone up to 1,116. This is 98% of the total main line services. The remaining 10 nine-car services could not be augmented as the rake link is shared between WR's main line and Harbour line, whose platforms are not long enough to accommodate trains having more than nine cars. However, these 10 services too will be converted into 12-car by month-end as new augmented rakes will be brought. These new rakes will run share link with Harbour line.WR general manager Mahesh Kumar said, \"With the conversion of these 26 services, additional room will be created for more than 38,000 commuters.\"WR chief public relations officer Sharat Chandrayan said, \"There has been an increase of 3.48 lakh passengers per day as compared to 2006-07, whereas the increase in capacity has been for more than 15 lakh passengers per day.\"Besides, WR will introduce three rakes in December, of which one will be a 15-car service. Kumar said, \"We plan to introduce fifteen 15-car services, besides running two more ladies' specials with these rakes that will allow us to run 45 additional services.\" After introduction of these new services, the total number of 15-car services on WR will go up to 29.In January 2013, another rake will be introduced to run at least 12 more services. Kumar said, \"We will able to run around 50-55 new services by January.\"Kumar said, \"These capacity addition initiatives will help us accommodate five lakh commuters on WR's suburban network.\" In the financial year 2011-12, WR had introduced 40 services, majority of which ran on the Andheri-Virar belt. A official said, \"Time-table for the new services is yet to be prepared. We will plan it in such a way that the Virar-Andheri benefits.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17302132", "title": "PCC chief Botsa denies Deo\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s charge", "text": "HYDERABAD: PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana on Tuesday refuted the charge made by Union panchayat raj and tribal affairs minister V Kishore Chandra Deo that he had stakes in a private thermal plant in Vizianagaram district.At a press conference on Monday, Deo had said that he would write a letter against chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy, PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana and minister of forests S Vijayarama Raju on allocation of water to the thermal plant.The Union minister was unhappy that the state government had decided to allocate 1.25 tmc water from Jhanjhavati reservoir to the private thermal plant and alleged that Botsa and Vijayarama Raju had stakes in the private venture.Talking to the media here on Tuesday, the PCC president denied having interests whatsoever in the plant. Regarding water allocation, he said he himself had opposed allocation of water more than what was reserved for the plant.\"First it was proposed to allocate 2.6 tmc. Now it has been cut down to 1.5 tmc. But the decision on water allocation should be done only after conducting public opinion in the area,\" he said.He said he had discussed the issue of water allocation to thermal plant with previous chief ministers YS Rajasekhara Reddy and K Rosaiah. The subject was discussed with the then irrigation minister Ponnala Lakshmaiah and present Irrigation minister P Sudarshan Reddy as well, he added.\"Even if the Union tribal affairs minister agrees for the diversion of water to the thermal plant, it should be done only with the consent of the farmers of the command area,\" Botsa said.Replying to a question, the PCC chief said he had no intention of complaining to the high command against the Union minister.\"The high command might have taken note of the report as it had appeared in the Delhi media. Where is the need to complain,\" he asked. The state forest minister too denied the charge of having any stake in the thermal plant.According to sources, despite the denial by Deo that he had submitted a note against the CM and PCC chief to the party bosses, more ministers in the Kiran cabinet are expected to launch a broadside against the Union minister in the coming days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17300439", "title": "23 Delhiites die every day due to respiratory ailments", "text": "NEW DELHI: The city seems to be paying an increasingly heavy price for its deteriorating air quality. An average of 23 people die every day due to respiratory diseases in the capital, a number that has doubled in the past four years, data released by the Delhi government reveals.Doctors warn that worsening air quality, a major trigger for respiratory conditions such as chronic bronchitis, lung cancer and infections, may cause more fatalities in the coming years if appropriate measures are not taken.The latest statistical handbook, released by Delhi government on Tuesday, shows respiratory diseases to be the fastest growing killer in a city where fatalities from most other ailments were declining. The total numbers of deaths annually have also declined significantly, which is being attributed to better access to healthcare facilities and treatment.\"Among respiratory diseases, chronic bronchitis causes maximum deaths. Air pollution certainly leads to aggravation of the condition and also early onset of the symptoms. At our hospital, 20-30% of emergency admissions include such patients,\" said Dr Randeep Guleria, professor and head, department of pulmonary medicine and sleep disorders at AIIMS.On the other hand, the handbook shows a decline in many other causes of death, such as injuries (including suicides), fever, dysentery, diarrhoea and cholera , among others. According to Dr Arup Basu, senior consultant and vice-chairperson of the chest medicine department at Sir Ganga Ram Hospital, most deaths due to respiratory disease occur during winter. \"In cold weather, the particulate matters hang lower in the air. When a person suffering from bronchitis inhales those pollutants, it aggravates the inflammation of the airways,\" Basu said. Severe asthma is another common respiratory illness which can turn fatal if timely medication is not available. \"Many times, we advise asthma patients to shift to less polluted parts of the country or abroad, if possible,\" he added.Vehicular emissions, say experts, is a major contributor to high levels of pollution in the city. In a drastic measure to clean the capital's air, the city's public transport switched to CNG in 2002 on the orders of the SC. Ten years later, the gains of that move have been neutralized.\"An increase in the number of vehicles and inappropriate disposal of municipal solid waste are some of the factors causing increased pollution in the city,\" said A K Walia, the Delhi's health minister.Times ViewThe data on increasing rates of respiratory diseases in Delhi only confirms what we anecdotally knew. What it does do though is to highlight for the government the urgent need for getting its act together in controlling air pollution. The huge and rapidly growing population of vehicles in the national capital is clearly one of the major reasons for this pollution. The government frequently bemoans this and talks about ways of providing disincentives for private vehicle ownership. If it really does want to encourage people to shift from private transport to public transport, its best bet would be to enhance the scale and quality of public transport services to a level where they become the preferred option. No amount of preaching can substitute for that action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17306178", "title": "Ajmal Kasab, the face of the horrific Mumbai terror attack", "text": "MUMBAI: A slight figure in cargo pants and sneakers and a blue sweatshirt, gun-wielding Ajmal Kasab was the face of the horrific Mumbai terror attack and the key to unravel the conspiracy hatched in Pakistan.The images of Kasab ambling cockily--a backpack on his shoulders and an AK-47 dangling carelessly--captured on camera at the Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus(CST) on the deadly night of November 26, 2008 formed hard evidence of his ruthless act and eventually led to his conviction.Kasab, 21 at that time, was the only gunman caught alive after 10 men from Pakistan-based terror group Lashkar-e-Taiba(LeT) struck during a 60-hour-siege of the country's financial capital.Hailing from an impoverished Faridkot village in Okara district in Pakistan's Punjab province, Kasab many times during the legal proceedings described himself as a patriotic Pakistani and that he had no remorse for waging war against India. His father was a food vendor.\"I have done right, I have no regrets,\" he is quoted as having said. He, however, pleaded leniency on purported ground that he was brainwashed by LeT and acted like a robot.Kasab came under the influence of LeT while he was an unemployed youth and after training in one of several remote camps in Pakisan he was hand-picked for the Mumbai operation.In a meticulously planned terror attack on November 26, 2008, Kasab and nine others left Pakistan and entered Mumbai via sea. The group split into pairs and stormed two luxury hotels--Taj Mahal and Oberoi Trident--CST station, a Jewish religious centre, and Leopold Cafe in south Mumbai. In their indiscriminate firing, 166 people including 18 foreigners were killed and scores injured.While it is reported that he told the police that he was trained to \"kill to the last breath when he was arrested, he pleaded with the medical staff: \"I do not want to die. Put me on saline\". Later, after interrogation in the hospital by the police, he said: \"Now, I do not want to live\", requesting the interrogators to kill him for the safety of his family in Pakistan who could be killed or tortured for his surrender to Indian police.Kasab is also reported to have told the police that he and his associate Ismail Khan , were the ones who shot Anti-Terror Squad(ATS) chief Hemant Karkare , encounter specialist Vijay Salaskar and Additional Commissioner Ashok Kamte.Judge M L Tahaliyani, who conducted the Mumbai attack trial, said \"he (Kasab) should be hanged by the neck until he is dead\", adding that he had lost his right to \"humanitarian treatment\".Kasab had left his home in Pakistan after a fight with his father in 2005. He had asked for new clothes on Eid, but his father could not provide them, which made him angry. He then became involved in petty crime with his friend Muzaffar Lal Khan, and soon moving on to armed robbery.On the day of Eid on December 21, 2007, they were in Rawalpindi trying to buy weapons when they encountered members of JuD, the political wing of LeT, distributing pamphlets. After a brief chat, they decided to sign up for training with the LeT ending up at their base camp, Markaz Taiba.Kasab was reported to be among a group of 24 men who received training in marine warfare in mountainous Pakistan-occupied Kashmir(PoK). The group was later shortlisted to 10 that included Kasab. Zaki-ur-Rehman Lakhvi, a senior commander of LeT, reportedly offered to pay his family Rs.150,000 for his participation in the attack.Villagers of Okara claimed on camera that he was at their village six months before the Mumbai attack. They said that he asked his mother to bless him as he was going for Jihad, and claimed that he demonstrated his wrestling skills to a few village boys that day.Initial reports offered a conflicting view of Kasab as fluent in English, and from a middle class background. However, an interrogator and deputy commissioner of the Mumbai Police stated that he spoke rough Hindi and barely any English.Kasab was found guilty of 80 offences, including waging war against the nation, which is punishable by the death penalty. His death sentence was upheld by the Bombay High Court on February 21, 2011. The verdict was upheld by the Supreme Court of India on August 29 2012. Earlier thie month, President Pranab Mukherjee rejected his merncy plea and he was finally hanged at 7.30am this morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17303175", "title": "Road traffic critical concern for citizens", "text": "Road traffic indiscipline in the city has been a critical concern for citizens and violations have been increasing over the last five years. The authorities could do well by focusing on speeding vehicles but citizens too have a more important role to play. While Puneites paid a fine of over Rs 10.63 crore for 8.08 lakh traffic violations, the penalties have clearly made little difference to make city roads safer. Stringent action against violators will fail to help unless citizens themselves do not take the responsibility of driving safely on city roads.Related Story  :  Has speeding blipped off the police radar?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17302826", "title": "Limbavali seeks time from BMTF", "text": "BANGALORE: Health and family welfare minister Aravind Limbavali on Tuesday sought time through his counsel to appear before the Bangalore Metropolitan Task Force.On Tuesday, when Limbavali's counsel appeared on behalf of the minister and sought time, the BMTF declined and asked the minister to appear in person by evening. But Limbavali said he was held up in meetings related to his constituency.BDA town planning officer S S Topagi deposed before the BMTF in the evening and gave his statement.BMTF had issued notice against Limbavali on charges that he had recommended widening of Chikkabegur road to 18metres, to favour DLF , a construction company, to build high-rises. The complaint was lodged by Nagesh.Filed aparajithaCleared sita", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-21"}
